id-US9021808B2    abstract-A Rankine cycle waste heat recovery system associated with an internal combustion engine is in a configuration that enables handling of exhaust gas recirculation (EGR) gas by using the energy recovered from a Rankine cycle waste heat recovery system. The system includes a control module for regulating various function of the internal combustion engine and its associated systems along with the Rankine cycle waste heat recovery system.
id-US20200263601A1    abstract-A waste heat recovery (WHR) system and method for regulating exhaust gas recirculation (EGR) cooling is described. More particularly, a Rankine cycle WHR system and method is described, including an arrangement to improve the precision of EGR cooling for engine efficiency improvement and thermal management.
id-CN102588053B    abstract-本公开涉及一种用于内燃机的废热回收系统，并且涉及用于调整朗肯循环废热回收系统的冷凝器和接收装置中的流体存量的系统和方法。该调整包括调整废热回收系统中的压力以控制空化和能量转换的能力。
id-JP2012154203A    abstract-【課題】従来の原動機により電力と熱の供給を行うコジェネレーションシステムでは、システム内だけでは、電力需要と高品位熱需要を含む熱需要とを最大限に過不足なく賄うことができず、エネルギーコストが増加する、という問題があった。 【解決手段】熱駆動ヒートポンプ３と熱駆動ヒートポンプアシステッド電気駆動ヒートポンプ４とを備え、ガスエンジン５による発電電力ｅが、コジェネレーションシステム１の熱需要Ｄｈを補う熱駆動ヒートポンプアシステッド電気駆動ヒートポンプ４の駆動のための要求電力Ｄｅ２と、コジェネレーションシステム１の電力需要Ｄｅ１との和であるバランス電力ｅｂとなるように電力制御を行うコントローラ４４を設けた。 【選択図】  図３
id-WO2012093067A2    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft eine Vorrichtung (100) zur Energieerzeugung. Die Vorrichtung zur Energieerzeugung (100) enthält eine Verbrennungsmaschine 10, die eine Welle (33)mit einem Drehmoment beaufschlagt. Die Verbrennungsmaschine (10) erzeugt Abwärme. In der Vorrichtung (100) gibt es eine RC-Anlage (2), der ausder Verbrennungsmaschine (10) Abwärme zugeführt wird, um damit eine mit einem elektrischen Generator (21) gekoppelte Dampfturbine (20) zu betreiben. Die Vorrichtung (100) hat einen von dem elektrischen Generator (21) gespeisten Elektromotor (40), der für das Einleiten eines Zusatzdrehmoments mit der Welle (33) drehgekoppelt ist.
id-CN102620580A    abstract-一种U形管热交换器，具有设置在压力中立的入口管板中的入口管，加热媒介经由入口管流入设置在管板中的U形管，其中媒介一分为二并且从U形管的两端流入加热媒介出口腔并且经由出口喷嘴退出热交换器。
id-DE102012001255A1    abstract-Bei bekannten Verfahren wird mit der Wärme des Kühlwassers eines Verbrennungsmotors Dampf erzeugt und zu einer Turbine geleitet, welche einen Generator zur Stromerzeugung antreibt. Der Dampfdruck muss aber niedrig bleiben, um den Verbrennungsmotor nicht zu beschädigen. Erfindungsgemäß wird vorgeschlagen eine Wärmeträgerflüssigkeit, die bei hohen Temperaturen nur wenig Druck erzeugt, in den Kühlflüssigkeitskanälen des Verbrennungsmotors hoch zu erhitzen und die Wärme an Rohrbündel abzugeben, um dort Dampf mit hohem Druck zu erzeugen, der als Prozesswärme und/oder zur Stromerzeugung Verwendung findet. Da der Dampf in Rohren erzeugt wird, ist das Volumen gering und der Dampferzeuger unterliegt keiner Überwachungspflicht. Das zur Kühlung des Motoröls eingesetzte Frischwasser wird zur Dampferzeugung verwendet. Der Abdampf der Dampfkraftmaschine kondensiert in einem Wasserbehälter, der einen Wärmetauscher enthält, Wärme für Raumheizung und Warmwasserbereitung liefert. Die Stromerzeugung kann unbegrenzt fortgesetzt werden, auch wenn keine Wärme verbraucht wird.
id-JP2012177094A    abstract-【課題】排熱エネルギーや太陽光などの熱エネルギーを回収・貯蔵できる蓄熱材及びそれを用いた熱利用システムを提供。 【解決手段】式（Ｉ）で示される錯体化合物（式中、Ｒ、Ｒ’は、炭素数１〜１８のアルキル基又はアリール基等。Ａ、Ｂ、Ｃ、Ｄ、Ａ’、Ｂ’、Ｃ’、及びＤ’は水素又は、隣とのアリール環）を含む。     【選択図】なし
id-KR20120080867A    abstract-본 발명은 배기열을 이용한 냉각수 예열장치에 관한 것으로, 더욱 상세하게는 전열면적을 늘려 자동차의 배기열의 회수율을 높여 냉각수를 신속하게 예열할 수 있도록 된 배기열을 이용한 냉각수 예열장치에 관한 것이다. 본 발명은 일측면에 의하면 배기가스가 통과하는 배기파이프와; 상기 배기파이프의 둘레에 순차적으로 적층 형성된 냉각수 유로와 배기가스 유로; 상기 배기가스 유로에 부착 형성되어 상기 배기가스의 열회수율을 향상시키는 전열핀;을 포함하는 배기열을 이용한 냉각수 예열장치를 제공한다. 또한 본 발명은 다른 측면에 의하면 배기가스가 통과하는 배기파이프와; 상기 배기파이프의 둘레에 순차적으로 적층 형성되된 냉각수 유로와 배기가스 유로;를 포함하되 상기 냉각수 유로와 상기 배기가스 유로 사이의 벽이 요철형상으로 구비된 것을 특징으로 하는 배기열을 이용한 냉각수 예열장치를 제공한다.
id-US20130298538A1    abstract-To effectively utilize exhaust heat of an engine mounted on a vehicle. An exhaust heat utilization system includes a working fluid heating tank ( 11 ) mounted on a truck ( 10 ) driven by an engine ( 12 ) and configured to heat a working fluid ( 30 ) stored therein with exhaust heat of the engine ( 12 ) and a heater ( 26 ) configured to heat a greenhouse ( 25 ) with the working fluid ( 30 ) heated by the working fluid heating tank ( 11 ). Exhaust heat recovered from the truck ( 10 ) is utilized for the heating of the greenhouse ( 25 ).
id-WO2012100897A3    abstract-Es wird eine Vorrichtung zur Abwärmenutzung einer Brennkraftmaschine (2) mit einem Leitungskreis (4) vorgeschlagen. Im Leitungskreis (4) sind eine Speisepumpe (6), mindestens ein Wärmetauscher (8), eine Expansionsmaschine (10) und ein Kondensator (12) angeordnet sind, wobei im Leitungskreis (4) ein Arbeitsmedium zirkuliert. In Strömungsrichtung des Arbeitsmediums existiert hinter der Speisepumpe (6) eine Hochdruckseite und in Strömungsrichtung des Arbeitsmediums vor der Speisepumpe (6) eine Niederdruckseite. Eine hydraulische Verbindung (32) ist zum Austausch des flüssigen Arbeitsmediums zwischen Wärmetauscher (8) und Kondensator (12) angeordnet.
id-CA2728628A1    abstract-The heat recuperation system for a motor eliminates the conventional cooling system and replaces it with a system, which provides cooling for the motor and usable energy from the waste heat produced by the motor. The motor is enclosed in a thermally insulated pressure box, which is partially filled with a cooling liquid that captures motor's heat, evaporates and drives a turbine. The turbine then drives a generator. The waste heat is therefore used to generate usable electrical and/or mechanical power while the system is providing necessary cooling to the motor.
id-EP2678548B1    abstract-
id-US8707914B2    abstract-A waste heat recovery system connects a working fluid into passages formed within an internal combustion engine. The fluid passages transport the working fluid to high temperature areas of the engine, raising the temperature of the working fluid near the phase change point or above the phase change point. The heated working fluid drives an energy conversion portion located downstream from the engine. The heat absorbed by the working fluid decreases the load on an engine cooling system as well as driving an energy conversion portion, improving fuel efficiency.
id-EP2676007B1    abstract-
id-KR101261861B1    abstract-본 발명은 엔진 폐열 회수장치를 이용한 브라운가스 생산시스템에 관한 것이다. 이는 순환라인을 따라 작동유체를 순환시키며, 순환 중의 작동유체를 엔진의 배기가스와 열교환시켜 과열증기를 생산하는 폐열회수부와; 폐열회수부로부터 배출되는 과열증기에 의해 회전하며 회전토오크를 발생하는 증기터어빈과; 증기터어빈에 연동하여 전기를 생산하는 메인발전기와; 메인발전기에서 발생한 전기를 공급받아 브라운가스를 생산하는 브라운가스 발생유니트를 포함하는 것을 특징으로 한다.
id-KR20120097704A    abstract-선박의 폐열을 이용한 저항 감소 장치가 개시된다. 본 발명의 일 실시예에 따른 선박의 폐열을 이용한 저항 감소 장치는 선박에 구비되고, 엔진에서 배출된 배기가스에 의해 작동되는 터보차저와; 상기 터보차저를 통해 공급된 배기가스와, 작동 유체(Working Fluid)를 공급받아 열교환이 이루어지는 열교환기와; 상기 열교환기를 경유하여 열교환된 작동 유체(Working Fluid)에 의해 구동되는 터빈과; 상기 터빈과 동축에 연결 배치되고, 상기 터빈에 의해 압축공기가 발생되는 공기 압축부와; 상기 공기 압축부에서 발생된 압축 공기를 선박의 선저를 향해 공급가능하게 하는 공기 공급부; 및 상기 공기 공급부에서 공급되는 공기 공급량을 제어하는 제어부를 포함한다.
id-WO2012107977A1    abstract-舶用発電システム（１００）が、発電機（４）に電気的に接続された蓄電池（５）を備え、主機（１）の負荷が高負荷域にあり機関室温が基準温度であるときの廃熱による発電機（４）の発生可能電力が、船内で連続的に必要となる連続電力（ＷＣ）よりも大きく且つ当該連続電力（ＷＣ）に一時的且つ追加的に必要となる電力分（ＷＡ）が上乗せされた総需要電力（ＷＴ）よりも小さく、廃熱による発電機（４）の発生可能電力が船内の電力需要を上回るときには発電機（４）により発生された余剰電力で蓄電池（５）が充電され、廃熱による発電機（４）の発生可能電力が船内の電力需要を下回るときには蓄電池（５）を放電して発電機（４）の駆動が助勢される。
id-ES2634446T3    abstract-Disposición que aprovecha los calores de escape o el calor perdido de un motor de combustión interna (12) en un vehículo, en particular en un vehículo sobre raíles, donde - La disposición comprende un tracto de gas de escape (23) para eliminar los gases de escape del motor de combustión interna (12), - El tracto del gas de escape (23) está acoplado térmicamente a un lateral de alta temperatura de un generador termoeléctrico (1), - Un acumulador de calor latente (3) está acoplado térmicamente al lateral de alta temperatura del generador termoeléctrico (1), que se caracteriza por que el acumulador de calor latente (3) se combina con un dispositivo de carga del acumulador eléctrico, que se ha diseñado para utilizar la energía eléctrica generada al frenar el vehículo con el fin de cargar el acumulador de calor latente (3).
id-WO2012107177A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein stationäres Kraftwerk, insbesondere Gaskraftwerk, zur Stromerzeugung; mit einem Verbrennungsmotor, umfassend einen Verbrennungsmediumeinlass und einen Abgasauslass, wobei über den Abgasauslass ein Abgasstrom des Verbrennungsmotors abgeführt wird; mit einem elektrischen Generator, der vom Verbrennungsmotor zur Stromerzeugung angetrieben wird, und der mit einem Stromnetz gekoppelt oder koppelbar ist, um den erzeugten Strom in dieses einzuspeisen; mit einer Verbrennungsmediumzufuhr, die am Verbrennungsmediumeinlass angeschlossen ist; wobei ein Dampfkreislauf, in welchem ein Arbeitsmedium mittels einer Speisepumpe umgewälzt wird, vorgesehen ist, umfassend einen im Abgasstrom angeordneten Wärmetauscher, mittels welchem Abwärme des Abgasstromes zur teilweisen oder vollständigen Verdampfung des Arbeitsmediums in das Arbeitsmedium übertragen wird, ferner umfassend einen Kondensator, in welchem das Arbeitsmedium teilweise oder vollständig kondensiert. Die Erfindung ist dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass im Dampfkreislauf ein Hubkolbenexpander vorgesehen ist, in welchem das Arbeitsmedium unter Verrichtung mechanischer Arbeit expandiert, und der Hubkolbenexpander mittels einer lösbaren Kupplung mechanisch an dem Verbrennungsmotor und/oder dem elektrischen Generator angeschlossen ist.
id-DE102011010158A1    abstract-Ein Hautpflegeöl (1) und/oder eine kosmetische oder dermatologische Zusammensetzung (1) zur topischen Behandlung der Haut, soll eine schonende Verbesserung der Haut, insbesondere mit Anti-Agingwirkung zur Verhinderung von Faltenbildung, erlauben. Diese Aufgabe wird dadurch gelöst, dass das Hautpflegeöl (1) und/oder die Zusammensetzung (1) die Bestandteile Weizenkeimöl und Arganöl umfasst.
id-EP2663761B1    abstract-
id-DE102011003487A1    abstract-Eine Vorrichtung zur Nutzung der Abgasenergie einer Brennkraftmaschine enthält ein Kühlsystem zur Kühlung der Brennkraftmaschine mit einer durch einen Kühler und die Brennkraftmaschine führende Ringleitung, durch die ein Kühlmedium strömt, ein Abgasenergierückgewinnungssystem mit einer von einem Arbeitsmedium durchströmten Kreisleitung die der Reihe nach von einem Vorlagebehälter durch eine Speisepumpe einen in einer Abgasleitung der Brennkraftmaschine angeordneten Abgaswärmetauscher, eine Expansionsmaschine, einen Kondensator und zurück in den Vorlagebehälter führt, wobei der Kondensator für einen Wärmetausch zwischen dem Kühlmedium und dem Arbeitsmedium in der Ringleitung angeordnet ist.
id-KR101206023B1    abstract-선박 엔진용 희박 연소시스템이 개시된다.  본 발명의 일 실시예에 따른 선박 엔진용 희박 연소시스템은, 선박의 엔진으로부터의 폐열을 이용하여 작동하는 흡수식 냉동장치; 엔진의 흡기관으로 유입되는 흡입공기를 냉각시키도록, 엔진의 흡기관에 설치되고, 흡수식 냉동장치에서 냉각된 작동유체와 흡입공기와의 열교환을 수행하는 열교환기; 선박의 엔진으로부터의 폐열을 이용하여 전력을 생산하는 전력발생장치; 전력발생장치에 의해 생산된 전력을 이용하여 브라운 가스를 생산하는 브라운 가스 발생기; 및 상기 엔진의 가연한계를 높이도록 브라운 가스 발생기에서 생성된 브라운 가스를 엔진의 연소실로 분사하는 브라운 가스 분사노즐;을 포함한다.
id-US20130306004A1    abstract-A cooling system  1 A includes an internal combustion engine  10 , a pump  31 , a radiator  32 , a main passage section  41 , a stirling engine  20 , a branch passage section  43  branching from the main passage section  41  at a first connection point P 1  and joining a downstream part of the main passage section  41  from the first connection point P 1  at a second connection point P 2 , and a thermostat  33 . The first connection point P 1  and the second connection point P 2  are provided in a part of the main passage section  41  between the radiator  32  and the pump  31 . The thermostat  33  is provided in another part of the main passage section  41  between the first connection point P 1  and the second connection point P 2.
id-KR20120095148A    abstract-선박의 접안 모드에서 선수 추진 모터(Bow thruster motor)에 의하여 이동하는 선박 내의 전력 관리 시스템이 제공된다.  본 발명의 일 실시예에 따른 선박 내의 전력 관리 시스템은 폐열 발전 장치, 충전 장치, 복수의 회로 스위치들, 및 스위칭 제어부를 포함하고, 선박의 접안 모드에서, 충전 장치에 충전되어 있는 전력에 의하여 선수 추진 모터(Bow thruster motor)가 회전한다.  폐열 발전 장치는, 주 엔진으로부터 배출되는 배출 가스의 열 에너지를 전기 에너지로서의 전력으로 변환시킴으로써, 잉여 에너지를 회수한다.  충전 장치에는 엔진-발전기들 및 폐열 발전 장치로부터의 전력이 충전된다.  복수의 회로 스위치들은 선수 추진 모터, 엔진-발전기들, 폐열 발전 장치 및 충전 장치 사이에 연결된다.  스위칭 제어부는 선박의 동작 모드, 폐열 발전 장치의 동작 상태, 및 충전 장치의 충전 상태에 따라 회로 스위치들의 동작을 제어한다.
id-US20120199570A1    abstract-An apparatus and method for heating a defined space uses an engine to generate the heat required. The heating system includes a tank for heating liquid. A liquid coolant system has conduits which extend between the engine and the tank. A first respective conduit supplies coolant liquid from the tank to the engine and a second respective conduit supplies liquid which has been drawn through the engine and heated to the tank. An exhaust transfer system has an exhaust conduit which extends from the engine to the tank. A heating element is located in the tank to provide a supplemental heat source. Heating conduits extend from the tank to the space to be heated. The liquid coolant system, the exhaust transfer system and the heating element cooperate to heat the liquid in the tank quickly, thereby minimizing run time of the engine and increasing the efficiency of the heating system.
id-KR20120098249A    abstract-선박용 폐열회수 시스템이 개시된다. 본 발명의 일 실시예에 따른 선박용 폐열회수 시스템은 선박에 구비되고, 엔진에서 배출된 배기가스와 외부 공기가 유입되는 터보차저와 상기 터보차저를 경유한 배기가스와 열교환되는 작동 유체(Working Fluid)에 의해 작동되고, 적어도 1개 이상의 터빈이 구비되는 터빈부 및 상기 터보차저를 경유한 가열공기와, 상기 터빈부를 경유한 작동 유체의 열교환이 이루어지는 복합 열교환기를 포함한다.
id-EP2686183B1    abstract-
id-US8613193B2    abstract-When a detection value of a temperature sensor exceeds a set temperature, an ECU increases an opening of a sub-port by controlling a solenoid valve, and as a result, an intake volume of an expander increases. The ECU then adjusts the mass flow rate of a coolant flowing through a boiler so that a detection value of a pressure sensor indicates a pressure as close as possible to an upper limit pressure, on condition that an upper limit temperature is not exceeded.
id-US9109532B2    abstract-In an internal combustion engine having a system for utilizing the waste heat from the internal combustion engine via the Clausius-Rankine cycle, a system includes a circuit having lines with a working medium, a working medium pump, a vaporizer-exhaust gas heat exchanger, and a vaporizer-EGR heat exchanger, an expander, and a condenser for liquefying the vaporous working medium. The line for the working medium is run from the condenser to the vaporizer-EGR heat exchanger so that the working medium, after flowing through the condenser, first flows through the vaporizer-EGR heat exchanger, and the line for the working medium is run from the vaporizer-EGR heat exchanger to the vaporizer-exhaust gas heat exchanger so that the working medium, after flowing through the vaporizer-EGR heat exchanger, first flows through the vaporizer-exhaust gas heat exchanger.
id-US9163530B2    abstract-The invention relates to a method for operating a steam cycle process for using the heat of an internal combustion engine ( 2 ), comprising a conduction circuit ( 4 ) in which a working medium circulates. Said conduction circuit ( 4 ) comprises at least one pump ( 6, 13 ), at least one heat exchanger ( 8 ), an expansion machine ( 10 ), a feedwater tank ( 14 ) for storing the liquid working medium, and a condenser ( 12 ). Components of the conduction circuit ( 4 ) are frost-proofed by partially evacuating the liquid working medium. After the end of the circulation of the working medium, at least one of the pumps ( 6, 13 ) continues to operate in order to evacuate the working medium at least from the pump ( 6, 13 ) which continues to operate.
id-US10193049B2    abstract-A thermoelectric generator unit, in particular for coupling to an exhaust gas pipe of an internal combustion engine, comprises at least one inner tube (16) having gas flowing therein and whose outer circumference comprises at least one flat portion (24). An oval outer housing (12) completely surrounds the inner tube (16) in circumferential direction. A plurality of thermoelectric modules (14) are arranged on the flat portions (24) of the inner tube (16). At least one cooling element (18) is provided which comprises a flat side on which the thermoelectric modules (14) are arranged. The assembly unit made up of inner tube (16), thermoelectric modules (14) and cooling element (18) is surrounded by an elastic compensation element (20) which rests on the inner side of the outer housing (12) and is retained in the outer housing (12) by means of clamping.
id-KR101521037B1    abstract-소형화 및 저비용화한 장치 구성으로 온도가 상이한 열 매체로부터 열을 회수할 수 있는 배열 회수 발전 장치를 제공한다.     작동 매체의 유기 매체 경로 (23) 에 병렬로 설치되고, 각각 온도가 상이한 열 매체에 의해 작동 매체를 증발시키는 복수의 제 1 배열 회수기 (5), 제 2 배열 회수기 (11) 및 제 3 배열 회수기 (15) 와, 단일의 래디얼 터빈 휠로 구성되고, 각각 축선 방향에서 상이한 위치로부터 도입되는 제 1 배열 회수기 (5), 제 2 배열 회수기 (11) 및 제 3 배열 회수기 (15) 로부터의 각 작동 매체의 선회 에너지를 회전 동력으로 변환시키는 파워 터빈 (17) 과, 파워 터빈 (17) 의 회전 동력에 의해 발전하는 발전기 (19) 와, 파워 터빈 (17) 을 통과한 작동 매체를 응축시키는 응축기 (21) 를 구비하고 있다.
id-US20120241121A1    abstract-When performing heat storage in a heat storage container accommodating a plurality of kinds of heat storage materials with different melting points, heat storage in the heat storage materials is performed such that a higher melting point heat storage material is in a latent heat storage state as much as possible. In other words, heat storage in the heat storage materials is performed in such a manner that the heat storage materials are in the latent heat storage state in which heat can be stored most effectively. In addition, when performing heat release from the heat storage container to heat coolant water in a circulation circuit, heat release is performed from the heat storage material in the sensible heat storage state as a priority, out of the heat storage materials. Accordingly, heat release from the heat storage container in the heat storage state is performed in such a manner that the heat storage materials are maintained in latent heat storage state for as a long period of time as possible. When heat release from the heat storage container is performed in this manner, the heat storage materials can be kept in the latent heat storage state for as a long period of time as possible. As in the foregoing, the heat storage container can be kept in the heat storage state for a long period of time.
id-WO2012125156A1    abstract-A cooling system for an exhaust gas recirculation assembly comprises a first exhaust gas recirculation cooler, a second exhaust gas recirculation cooler, a heat recovery turbine, a first coolant pump, a second coolant pump and a pressure regulator. The second exhaust gas recirculation cooler is upstream in the exhaust system of the first exhaust gas recirculation cooler, and receives the coolant from the first exhaust gas recirculation cooler. The heat recovery turbine is in fluid communication with coolant from the second exhaust gas recirculation cooler. The first coolant pump controls flow through the first exhaust gas recirculation cooler. The second coolant pump controls flow through the second exhaust gas recirculation cooler and the heat recovery turbine. The pressure regulator is disposed downstream of the first cooler and upstream of the second coolant pump. A portion of the coolant supplied to the second coolant pump passes through the first coolant pump.
id-JP2012188932A    abstract-【課題】筐体内から屋内に排気ガスが流出することを防止できるコージェネレーション装置を提供する。 【解決手段】コージェネレーション装置１０は、コージェネケース１１外からコージェネケース１１内に水流路手段８５を経て水が導かれ、導かれた水が熱交換器１７で温水に生成され、生成された温水が水流路手段８５でエンジン１４に導かれ、エンジン１４を経た温水が水流路手段８５を経てコージェネケース１１外に導かれる。このコージェネレーション装置１０は、コージェネケース１１内に設けられて排気ガスの流出を防止可能な気密室１２と、気密室１２において水流路手段８５に設けられ、水流路手段８５に含まれた排気ガスを気密室に放出可能なリリーフバルブ９３とを備えている。 【選択図】図１
id-KR101247772B1    abstract-유기 랭킨 사이클을 이용한 선박의 발전장치가 개시된다. 본 발명의 실시예에 따른 유기 랭킨 사이클을 이용한 선박의 발전장치는, 물보다 비등점이 낮고 증기압이 큰 냉매를 작동유체로 사용하여 선박의 발전기 터빈을 발전시키는 ORC(Organic Rankine Cycle) 발전부; 선박내 배기가스를 외부로 안내하는 배기파이프나 굴뚝에서 배기가스의 폐열을 전달받아 ORC 발전부로 전달하는 폐열회수 열교환부; 및 선박의 엔진룸에 구비된 환기팬을 통과하는 공기의 유동경로상에 설치되며 공기의 유동을 이용하여 전력을 발생시키고, ORC 발전부와 폐열회수 열교환부로 전력을 공급하는 풍력발전 공급부;를 포함한다.
id-KR101291142B1    abstract-본 발명은 폐열회수장치가 개시된다. 본 발명의 일 실시예에 따른 폐열회수장치는 엔진으로 공급되는 엘엔지(LNG)를 기화시키기 위한 응축기; 상기 엔진에서 발생되는 폐열을 이용하여 터빈으로 공급되는 작동유체를 기화시키기 위한 증발기; 상기 터빈을 경유한 상기 작동유체의 고열을 회수하여 상기 증발기로 공급되는 작동유체에 열을 전달하는 동시에 상기 응축기에 고온의 작동유체를 공급하기 위한 복열기를 포함하여 구성되는 폐열회수장치에 있어서, 상기 응축기를 통해 기화된 엘엔지(LNG)의 엔진 공급온도를 조절하기 위한 온도조절수단이 더 구비된 것을 특징으로 한다.
id-WO2012125155A1    abstract-An internal combustion engine comprises an exhaust system, an air intake system, an exhaust gas recirculation portion, and a heat recovery turbine. The exhaust gas recirculation portion has a first cooler, a second cooler, and an exhaust gas recirculation valve. The exhaust gas recirculation portion is disposed in fluid communication with the exhaust system and the air intake system. The heat recovery turbine is in fluid communication with coolant passing through the first cooler and the second cooler of the exhaust gas recirculation portion. The second cooler has a top surface and a bottom surface. The second cooler has an inlet port disposed proximate the top surface, a first outlet port disposed proximate the bottom surface, and a second outlet port disposed proximate the top surface.
id-US9279623B2    abstract-A device having a heat exchanger includes a housing having an inlet and an outlet for a fluid and an inner tube having a first end face extending in axial direction, an opposite second end face and a circumferential surface having openings. A plurality of heat exchanger tubes is disposed parallel to the axial direction on the outside of the circumferential surface. The housing encloses the heat exchanger tubes and the inner tube and the inlet is fluidically connected to the first end face. Guide elements are disposed between the heat exchanger tubes so that the fluid entering the inner tube through the first end face flows out across the heat exchanger tubes in radial direction starting from the inner tube. The device is used particularly for constructing a thermoelectric generator for positioning in the underbody of a motor vehicle. A motor vehicle having the device is also provided.
id-US9127894B2    abstract-A device having a heat exchanger includes a housing having a first end side and a second end side disposed along an axial direction, an inlet at the first end side and an outlet at the second end side for a fluid, a first annular channel connected to the inlet and a second annular channel upstream of the outlet, at least one outer jacket tube and at least one inner jacket tube disposed mutually concentrically and defining an intermediate space therebetween, a plurality of flow paths for the fluid extending in the axial direction in the intermediate space and interconnecting the first channel and the second channel, and at least one heat exchanger tube disposed in each of the plurality of flow paths. A motor vehicle having the device is also provided.
id-DE102011007386B4    abstract-Abgasnutzturbine (20) zur energetischen Nutzung von Brennkraftmaschinenabgas, mit: einem Turbinengehäuse (21) und einem Rotor (23), der drehbar im Turbinengehäuse (21) gelagert ist und der eine Mehrzahl von Turbinenschaufeln (23a) aufweist, und einem im Turbinengehäuse (21) angeordneten Leitgitter (24) zum Steuern einer Abgasanströmung der Turbinenschaufeln (23a), – wobei das Turbinengehäuse (21) eine Mehrzahl von Abgaseinlasspassagen (22a, 22b) aufweist zum über das Leitgitter (24) Leiten von Abgas auf die Turbinenschaufeln (23a), wobei die jeweiligen Abgaseinlasspassagen (22a, 22b) – bis zum Leitgitter (24) hin voneinander separat sind, und wobei in jeder Abgaseinlasspassage (22a, 22b) ein Drucksensor angeordnet ist zum Messen eines Abgasdrucks (PI, PII) in der jeweiligen Abgaseinlasspassage (22a, 22b), und – Druckangleichmitteln, die mit den Drucksensoren verbunden sind und die eingerichtet sind, die jeweiligen Abgasdrücke (PI, PII) in den Abgaseinlasspassagen (22a, 22b) aneinander anzugleichen.
id-AU2011366252B2    abstract-A power system includes an engine including an exhaust line, a turbine in the exhaust line, a bypass line connected to the exhaust line upstream of the turbine and comprising a controllable bypass valve, and a controller arranged to control opening of the bypass valve to bypass the turbine when, for example, the engine is operated such that power is transmitted from the crankshaft to the turbine shaft, and/or at least one of an engine load, an engine speed, and an exhaust line pressure are below predetermined levels. A method of operating a power system is also disclosed.
id-US9010118B2    abstract-An output controller for a stirling engine is provided in a cooling system that causes common cooling water to flow through both the stirling engine and an internal combustion engine serving as a motive power source other than the stirling engine. The output controller for the stirling engine includes a temperature adjustment portion that adjusts a temperature of the cooling water supplied to the stirling engine. Specifically, the temperature adjustment portion includes a temperature adjustment valve capable of adjusting the temperature of the cooling water supplied to the stirling engine by switchably setting at least one of partial cooling paths and into a communication state.
id-KR101485283B1    abstract-선박용 발전 시스템(100)은, 과급기 장착형 메인 엔진(1)의 배기열을 이용하여 증기를 생성하는 폐열 회수 시스템(3)과, 폐열 회수 시스템(3)에 있어서 생성된 증기에 의해 구동되는 증기 터보 발전기(4)와, 메인 엔진(1)의 급기 또는 배기의 온도를 감지하기 위한 온도 감지 수단(61)과, 메인 엔진(1)의 부하를 감지하기 위한 부하 감지 수단(62)과, 바이패스 통로(46)를 흐르는 배기의 유량과 과급기(2)에 보내지는 배기의 유량을 조정하기 위한 유량 조정 수단(47)과, 온도 및 부하에 따라 증기 터보 발전기(4)가 선내 수요 전력 이상의 전력을 발생 가능하게 되도록 유량 조정 수단(47)을 제어하는 제어 수단(50)을 구비한다.
id-KR20120119645A    abstract-파이프 보호 시스템이 제공된다. 본 발명의 일 실시예에 따른 파이프 보호 시스템은, 선박 또는 해상 구조물에 설치된 파이프를 감싸는 파이프 보호 부재; 파이프 보호 부재 내측과 파이프 외측 사이의 일측으로 가스를 주입하는 펌프; 및 펌프로 가스를 공급하는 가스 공급원을 포함할 수 있다.
id-WO2012140172A2    abstract-An expander (201) is provided for converting waste energy into useful work and has a housing (202) having a pair of components (241, 242) having a fluid passageway (203) and a piston (204) continuously moving along the fluid passageway (203). The fluid passageway (203) has a periodically open inlet (205) for periodically communicating a working fluid into the fluid passageway (203) behind a portion of the piston (204). The fluid passageway (203) has an exhaust outlet (206) for communicating the spent working fluid out of the fluid passageway (203) in front of a portion of the piston (204). The expander (201) has a gate (207) disposed in the fluid passageway (203) between the exhaust outlet (206) and the periodically open inlet (205) for sealing the fluid passageway there between. The gate (207) and the piston (204) are adapted for allowing a portion of the piston (204) to pass through the gate (207).
id-WO2012143114A3    abstract-Ein tragbares Modul (100) mit Verbrennungskraftmaschine (10) und elektrischem Generator (12) wird wahlweise an ein Kraftfahrzeug (200) oder ein Gebäude (300) angeschlossen. Bevorzugt wird hierbei nicht nur elektrische Energie aus dem Generator (12) an das Kraftfahrzeug (200) oder Gebäude (300) übertragen, sondern gleichzeitig auch die Wärmeenergie. Entsprechend verfügt das tragbare Modul (100) auch über zumindest einen Anschluss (32) zum Herausführen eines Mediums, das diese Wärmeenergie führt.
id-US8302399B1    abstract-The present application and the resultant patent provide a waste heat recovery system for recovering heat from a number of turbocharger stages. The waste heat recovery system may include a simple organic rankine cycle system and a number of charge air coolers in communication with the turbocharger stages and the simple organic rankine cycle system. The charge air coolers are positioned in a number of parallel branches of the simple organic rankine cycle system.
id-JP5480933B2    abstract-
id-KR101280519B1    abstract-랭킨 사이클 시스템이 개시된다. 본 발명의 일 실시예에 따른 랭킨 사이클 시스템은, 엔진에서 배출되는 배기가스를 이용하여 액상의 작동유체를 기화시키는 제1증발기와, 제1증발기에서 기화된 기상의 작동유체를 단열 팽창시켜 회전력을 생성하는 터빈과, 터빈에 연결되어 터빈이 회전함에 따라 전기를 생산하는 발전기와, 터빈에 유입된 기상의 작동유체를 응축하여 액화시키는 상압 응축기와, 응축된 액상의 작동유체를 제1증발기에 공급하는 펌프를 포함하여 동력을 발생시키는 폐열 회수장치; 열을 공급받아 냉각수를 생성하는 흡수식 냉각장치; 및 폐열 회수장치로부터 열을 공급받고, 공급받은 열을 흡수식 냉각장치로 전달하는 열원 공급장치를 포함한다.
id-KR101280520B1    abstract-폐열원 전력생산 시스템이 개시된다. 본 발명의 일 실시예에 따른 폐열원 전력생산 시스템은, 선박의 폐열원으로부터 에너지를 공급받아 작동유체를 증발시키는 증발기; 증발기와 연결되며 발전기와 결합된 터빈; 터빈과 연결되며 작동유체를 응축시키는 콘덴서 유닛; 및 콘덴서 유닛과 연결되며 작동유체를 증발기로 공급하는 공급 펌프를 포함하며, 콘덴서 유닛은, 선박의 외부에 마련되어 공기 냉각에 의하여 작동유체를 응축시키는 것을 특징으로 한다.
id-EP2522844A2    abstract-The present invention provides a Rankine cycle apparatus that is mounted in a vehicle and includes a Rankine cycle circuit and a refrigeration cycle circuit. The Rankine cycle circuit and the refrigeration cycle circuit each include a condenser for cooling a corresponding type of working fluid and a receiver, which is connected to the condenser. The two condensers are arranged side by side in the upward-downward direction and each have a first end and a second end in the vehicle width direction. A first receiver, which is one of the receivers, is arranged outward of the first end in the vehicle width direction. A second receiver, which is the other one of the receivers, is located outward of the second end in the vehicle width direction.
id-US20120312503A1    abstract-The present invention overcomes several disadvantages inherent in the operation of heat generating systems, particularly in the operation of engine-generators sets. The present apparatuses and methods increase the efficiency of these systems and provide means to economize fuel in their operation. The present invention applies to many type of engines and engines set combinations, but particularly to engine generator sets that run on fuels. Heat generating systems such as an engine-generator set are immersed in a medium similar, but not necessarily equal to, one used on oil cooled or liquid filled electrical transformers with high thermal conductivity and a high voltage rating. The medium in the unit recovers wasted heat (thermal energy). The heat recovered is transferred with a heat transfer unit or heat exchanger and utilized directly, as useful energy, for many purposes, such as heating, or cooling with the use of absorption or adsorption chillers.
id-EP2527635A3    abstract-Die vorliegende Erfindung betrifft ein Energierückgewinnungssystem zur Rückgewinnung von Energie aus der Abwärme eines Verbrennungsmotors, wobei das Energierückgewinnungssystem so aufgebaut ist, dass es die Abwärme des Verbrennungsmotors in mechanische Energie umwandelt.
id-DE102011100650A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft einen Antriebsstrang für stationäre Anlagen oder Fahrzeuge – mit einem Verbrennungsmotor, der einen Abgasstrom erzeugt; – mit einem im Abgasstrom positionierten Abgasnachbehandlungssystem; – mit einem Abwärmenutzsystem, umfassend einen Dampfkreislauf, in welchem ein Verdampfer, eine Expansionsmaschine und ein Kondensator vorgesehen ist, um ein Arbeitsmedium des Dampfkreislaufes zu verdampfen und nachfolgend in der Expansionsmaschine unter Verrichtung mechanischer Arbeit zu entspannen; wobei – der Verdampfer stromabwärts des Abgasnachbehandlungssystems im Abgasstrom positioniert ist, um Wärme des Abgases auf das Arbeitsmedium des Dampfkreislaufes zu dessen Verdampfung zu übertragen. Die Erfindung ist dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass stromaufwärts des Abgasnachbehandlungssystems im Abgasstrom ein zusätzlicher Wärmetauscher des Dampfkreislaufes positioniert ist, um Wärme des Abgases auf das Arbeitsmedium des Dampfkreislaufes zu übertragen.
id-DE102011076641A1    abstract-Die vorliegende Erfindung betrifft eine Anordnung (1) zur Wärmeübertragung zwischen einem zum Führen eines Fluids geeigneten Rohrkörpers (2) und einem damit in Kontakt stehenden Kontaktkörper (3), wobei der Kontaktkörper (3) eine dem Rohrkörper (2) zugewandte Kontaktfläche (4) aufweist, mit welcher der Kontaktkörper (3) mit einer dem Kontaktkörper (3) zugewandten Gegenkontaktfläche (5) des Rohrkörpers (2) in Kontakt steht, wobei der Rohrkörper (2) eine Rohrwand (22) aufweist, die einen Innenraum (21) des Rohrkörpers (2) umschließt und die einen die Gegenkontaktfläche (5) aufweisenden Kontaktbereich (23) aufweist. Eine effiziente Wärmeübertragung innerhalb der Anordnung (1) ergibt sich, wenn die Rohrwand (22) im Kontaktbereich (23) eine größere Steifigkeit aufweist als in daran angrenzenden Wandbereichen (24).
id-KR20120131414A    abstract-선박용 폐열회수 시스템이 개시된다. 선박의 엔진으로부터 발생하는 폐열을 순환수를 이용하여 회수하는 순환수계; 상기 폐열에 의해 가열된 상기 순환수를 이용하여 작동유체를 증발시키고, 증발된 상기 작동유체를 이용하여 터빈을 회전시킴으로써 발전하는 작동유체계; 및 상기 순환수계와 상기 작동유체계 사이에 설치되어 상기 순환수와 상기 작동유체가 열교환하도록 설치되는 증발기를 포함하고, 상기 순환수계는, 상기 순환수가 내부에서 유동하는 순환수 배관의 압력을 보상하여 상기 순환수의 증발을 방지하는 순환수 증발방지 장치를 포함할 수 있다.
id-KR101359640B1    abstract-본 발명은 선박용 발전 시스템에 관한 것이다. 본 발명의 일측면에 따르면, 선박에 구비되고, 엔진에서 배출된 배기가스에 의해 작동되는 터보차저; 상기 터보차저와 이격 배치되고, 작동 유체(Working Fluid)에 의해 구동되는 터빈; 및 상기 터보차저와 터빈 사이에 배치되고, 상기 터보차저에서 배출되는 배기가스와 상기 터빈에 공급되는 작동 유체와의 열교환을 매개하는 열교환부가 마련된 순환부를 포함하는 선박의 발전 시스템을 제공할 수 있다.
id-DE202011101243U1    abstract-Abwärmenutzungsanlage für eine Abwärmequelle (10), bestehend aus einem dieser nachgeschalteten ORC (Organic-Rankine-Cycle), wobei die Abwärmequelle (10) mit der Beheizungsvorrichtung des ORC in Verbindung steht, sowie mit einer mit einem Generator gekoppelten Expansionsmaschine zur Dampfexpansion im ORC, einer Speisepumpe und einem Kältemittelkreislauf, dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass der gesamte Kältemittelkreislauf sowie alle mit Kältemittel durchströmten oder beaufschlagten Komponenten hermetisch gekapselt sind.
id-WO2012152602A1    abstract-Es werden ein Leitungskreis (4) und ein Verfahren zum Betreiben eines Leitungskreises (4) zur Abwärmenutzung einer Brennkraftmaschine (2) vorgeschlagen. Im Leitungskreis (4) zirkuliert ein Arbeitsmedium. Der Leitungskreis (4) beinhaltet eine Speisepumpe (6), mindestens einen Wärmetauscher (8), eine Expansionsmaschine (10), einen Speisewasserbehälter (14), um das flüssige Arbeitsmedium aufzubewahren, und einen Kondensator (12), wobei der Speisewasserbehälter (14) durch eine Leitung (29) mit der Speisepumpe (6) verbunden ist. Die Speisepumpe (6) weist eine Rückströmleitung (30) auf, über welche flüssiges Arbeitsmedium aus der Speisepumpe (6) ableitbar ist.
id-KR101259028B1    abstract-선박용 폐열회수 시스템이 개시된다. 본 발명의 일 실시예에 따른 선박용 폐열회수 시스템은 선박에 구비되고, 엔진에서 배출된 폐열이 공급되는 증발기와; 상기 증발기를 경유하여 기체 상태로 상 변화된 작동 유체(Working Fluid)를 공급받아 작동이 이루어지는 터빈부; 및 상기 선박의 선미 위치의 해수면 아래에 배치되고, 상기 터빈부를 경유한 작동 유체가 냉각(Cooling)되도록 구비된 응축기(Condenser)를 포함한다.
id-WO2012159817A1    abstract-Ein Kurbelschlaufenantrieb mit einer translatorisch beweglichen Kurbelschlaufe (18), die eine längliche Öffnung (41) aufweist, die sich nicht parallel zur Bewegungsrichtung der Kurbelschlaufe (18) erstreckt und wenigstens zwei Laufflächen (19) hat; einem Kurbelzapfen (17), der zu einer translatorischen Bewegung entlang der Laufflächen (19) der Kurbelschlaufe (18) ausgebildet ist; und einem Kulissenstein, der um den Kurbelzapfen (17) angeordnet und jeweils im Kontakt mit einer der Laufflächen (19) ist, wobei zwischen dem Kulissenstein (20) und dem Kurbelzapfen (17) ein Lager (40; 42) ausgebildet ist, welches es dem Kulissenstein (20) ermöglicht, um den Kurbelzapfen (17) zu rotieren. Der Kulissenstein (20) ist so ausgebildet, dass er in der Lage ist, während der translatorischen Bewegung des Kurbelzapfens (17) auf einer Lauffläche (19) der Kurbelschlaufe (18) abzurollen.
id-KR20120127015A    abstract-선박용 폐열 회수 시스템이 개시된다. 본 발명의 일 실시예에 따른 선박용 폐열 회수 시스템은, 선박의 추진엔진으로부터 발생하는 폐열을 메인 열매체를 이용하여 회수하는 폐열 회수부; 폐열에 의해 가열된 메인 열매체를 이용하여 작동유체를 증발시키고, 증발된 작동유체를 이용하여 터빈을 회전시킴으로써 발전하는 전력 발생부; 메인 열매체가 폐열 회수부와 전력 발생부를 경유하여 순환하도록 설치되는 메인 열교환 유로; 및 폐열 회수부를 보조하여 메인 열매체에 열을 전달하는 보조 열원 공급부를 포함한다.
id-KR20120128513A    abstract-선박 및 폐열 공급 시스템이 개시된다. 본 발명의 일실시예에 따른 선박은 액화 천연 가스 저장 탱크, 엔진과 엔진의 배기 가스를 배출하는 제 1 배기 라인을 포함하는 엔진 배기 시스템, 액화 천연 가스 저장 탱크에 연결된 가스 연소 유닛과 가스 연소 유닛의 배기 가스를 배출하는 제 2 배기 라인를 포함하는 가스 연소 유닛 배기 시스템 그리고 엔진의 배기 가스와 가스 연소 유닛의 배기 가스를 이용하여 전력을 생산하는 폐열 회수 시스템을 포함한다.
id-WO2012155260A1    abstract-There is discloses an injection molding system (160) that comprises a drive (108) for actuating a component of the injection molding system; an internal combustion engine (190), the internal combustion engine (190) being directly mechanically coupled to the drive (108); a heat-driven component; a waste heat recovery sub-system (194) configured to recover waste heat from the internal combustion engine (190) and to re-use the so-recovered waste heat for operating the heat-driven component to perform at least one injection molding function.
id-US20120298079A1    abstract-An engine system in which the fuel source is vaporized by the heat of the exhaust pipe of the engine prior to being introduced into the combustion chamber of the engine system. This vaporization of the fuel source prior to combustion allows for the disclosed engine to utilize anything as a fuel source that can be ignited in a vaporized form, even that, if not vaporized prior to ignition, would not be a possible combustible fuel source.
id-US20120298078A1    abstract-A method of using fuel in transportation means comprises: (a) providing a heat treatment unit in the transportation means, the heat treatment unit including a through pipe provided with an inlet and an outlet at two end thereof; (b) providing a heat source for the heat treatment unit capable of supplying the through pipe with heat; (c) connecting a fuel tank of the transportation means to the inlet of the through pipe in the heat treatment unit; and (d) connecting an engine of the transportation means to the outlet of the through pipe in the heat treatment unit; whereby fuel contained in the fuel tank is fed through the heat treatment unit to enter the engine, the fuel can be vaporized in the through pipe by the heat source before entering the engine to facilitate fuel vaporization so that fuel consumption and carbon emission can be reduced.
id-KR20120134022A    abstract-회전 구동력을 출력하는 연소 기관에 연결된 팽창기가 로크된 경우에도 전기를 생성하는 폐열 회수 기기 및 폐열 회수 장치가 제공된다.  폐열 회수 기기는, 연소 기관에 연결되며 연소 기관에 의해 회전하도록 구동하는 회전축을 구비하는 교류발전기와, 교류발전기의 회전축에 연결된 출력축을 구비하는 팽창기를 포함한다.  출력축은 회전 구동력을 회전축에 인가하여, 회전축의 회전을 돕는다.  팽창기의 출력축과 교류발전기의 회전축 사이에 토크 리미터가 위치한다.
id-KR20120125962A    abstract-본 발명은 차량에 탑재되며, 랭킹 사이클 회로와 냉동 사이클 회로를 포함하는 랭킹 사이클 장치를 제공한다.  상기 랭킹 사이클 회로와 냉동 사이클 회로는 각각, 대응하는 유형의 작동 유체를 냉각하는 응축기와, 응축기에 연결된 리시버를  포함한다.  2개의 응축기는 상하 방향으로 나란히 배치되고, 각각 차량 폭방향으로 제1단과 제2단을 갖는다.  리시버 중 한쪽인 제1 리시버는 차량 폭방향으로 제1단의 바깥쪽에 배치된다.  다른 한쪽의 리시버인 제2 리시버는 차량 폭방향으로 제2단의 바깥쪽에 위치한다.
id-KR20120131467A    abstract-본 발명은 압축공기를 이용한 발전시스템에 관한 것으로, 본 발명은 공기를 압축시켜 공급하는 공기공급부(10)와; 상기 공기공급부(10)의 하류측에 연결되며, 공기를 공급하는 공기공급라인(L1)과; 상기 공기공급라인(L1)의 하류측에 연결되며, 공급되는 공기를 압축하는 압축부(20)와; 상기 압축부(20)의 하류측에 연결되며, 압축된 공기를 가열시키는 가열부(30)와; 상기 가열부(30)의 하류측에 연결되며, 가열된 공기를 공급하는 급기라인(L2)과; 상기 급기라인(L2)의 하류측에 연결되며, 공급되는 공기의 급,배기를 제어하는 매니폴더부(40)와; 상기 매니폴더부(40)를 통해 급,배기되는 공기에 의해 동력을 발생시키는 엔진부(50)와; 상기 매니폴더부(40)의 배기측에 연결되며, 배기되는 공기를 외부로 배출하는 배기라인(L3)을 포함하는 것을 그 기술적 특징으로 한다. 이와 같은 구성들로 인해 본 발명은 열매체를 냉각시키지 않으므로 구조가 간단하고, 가열된 기체의 압력을 일정하게 유지하여 엔진에 공급하므로 엔진의 회전속도가 일정하게 유지되며, 이에 생산된 전기에너지를 곧바로 사용할 수 있다.
id-AU2017208348B2    abstract-A pumping system comprises an internal combustion engine, a generator, a pumping unit and a heat recovery system. The generator is driven by the internal combustion engine. The pumping unit is powered by the generator. The heat recovery system thermally couples the internal combustion engine with the pumping unit. 3301865vl *~ * C4
id-US9051851B2    abstract-A method and an apparatus recover heat and convert the heat into mechanical power in a drive system for motor vehicles. A working medium carried in a working medium circuit is evaporated by an evaporator integrated into the working medium circuit by waste heat from an internal combustion engine. The vapor generated is fed to an expansion machine coupled to the internal combustion engine, and the exhaust vapor from the expansion machine is then converted back into the liquid phase in at least one condenser. Accordingly at least one valve, which can be subjected to control by a control device, and a vapor accumulator are integrated into the working medium circuit downstream of the evaporator such that the vapor generated is fed into the vapor accumulator. The vapor stored in the vapor accumulator is fed back at least in part into the working medium circuit to drive the expansion machine.
id-US20130139507A1    abstract-A system for converting thermal energy from combusting fuel and air into work under an isochoric process. A reciprocating heat engine creates a cycle delay after combustion to enable sufficient time for thermal compression to occur within the working gas and within a constant volume to maximize thermal compression. A secondary engine also includes a cycle delay to maximize thermal compression of a working gas by recovering waste heat from the exhaust of the primary heat engine and converting a percentage of that heat energy into work. System cooling is accomplished under a thermodynamic cycle with heat from a liquid medium, such as water, passing through the internal combustion engine block or heat exchanger being conserved and applied to useful auxiliaries, such as residential hot water heating, baseboard heating, radiant floor heating.
id-JP2012251516A    abstract-【課題】熱機関の暖機時間の短縮化を図りつつ廃熱回収の効率低下を回避する。 【解決手段】ランキンサイクル回路１３は、膨張機３１、熱交換器４７、凝縮器４９、ポンプ４１及びボイラ４２によって構成されている。ボイラ４２で加熱された高温高圧の冷媒は、供給流路４６を介して膨張機３１に導入される。膨張機３１の下流には熱交換器４７が設けられている。熱交換器４７の下流には凝縮器４９が設けられている。膨張機３１で膨張した低圧の冷媒は、熱交換器４７を経由して凝縮器４９へ送られる。熱交換器４７は、放熱部４７１と吸熱部４７２とを備える。排出流路４８と接続流路５０とは、放熱部４７１を介して接続されている。吸熱部４２２は、エンジン１２に接続された冷却水循環経路５２の分岐流路５２１上に設けられている。 【選択図】図１
id-US20140183863A1    abstract-A novel heat exchange device to provide sufficient amounts of heat within a manifold including a working fluid within heating coils to generate electricity through an external combustion steam engine and electrical generator is provided. Such a novel heat exchanger includes coils that surround a central heating compartment thereby exposing such coils to gradually increasing temperatures such that the working fluid is first vaporized and then is ultimately superheated to a “dry” steam upon the point of egress of the heat exchanger leading to the engine portion. In this manner, greater efficiency in heating of the working fluid is accomplished with all of the fluid converted to a gas under pressure to effectuate the necessary engine, etc., movement for energy production.
id-CN102840019A    abstract-本发明属于汽车领域，尤其是一种能利用汽车尾气热量进行发电的汽车尾气管发电装置。它包括汽车尾气排气管，汽车尾气排气管内外套设有一个热转换箱体，该箱体内设有用于沸腾的液体，热转换箱体为圆柱状筒体，通过银纤焊接在汽车尾气排气管外，热转换箱上方设有一个出口，与出口相连接有个沸腾箱，该沸腾箱内设有一个涡轮，该涡轮与沸腾箱外的发电机相连接，发电机与汽车的蓄电池连接。本发明的优点是能将尾气的热量进行收集，并将热量转换成动能进行发电，提高了燃料的利用率，节约了能量，保护了环境。
id-US20120312015A1    abstract-A thermoelectric hydrogen hybrid vehicle for use with fossil fuel, the thermoelectric hydrogen hybrid vehicle has a closed loop steam engine. The steam engine's boiler is a high temperature electrolysis unit. Inside the internal combustion engines exhaust heat is directly funneled into heating the high temperature electrolysis boiler. The steam engines electrical current generated through an alternator is then stored in a battery bank and then used for sustained current for electrolysis in the high temperature electrolysis boiler. Furthermore a braking mechanism is hooked up to the alternator for electrical generation when braking to be stored in a battery bank which is then used for electrolysis.
id-WO2012169375A1    abstract-廃熱回収装置は、回転駆動力を出力する燃焼機関で生じる廃熱を回収する。第１熱交換器は、燃焼機関を冷却する冷却流体の熱を冷媒に伝達する。第２熱交換器は、燃焼機関から排出された 排気ガスの熱を冷媒に伝達する。膨張機は、前記燃焼機関から駆動力が伝達されるように同燃焼機関に連結される。バイパス冷媒流路は、冷媒流路から分岐して第１熱交換器を迂回する。冷媒流量調整部は、バイパス冷媒流路における冷媒流量を調整する。温度検出部は、膨張機より上流の冷媒流路内の冷媒温度を検出する。制御部は、温度検出部の検出情報に基づいて冷媒流量調整部の流量調整状態を制御する。
id-KR20120136181A    abstract-내연 기관의 급속 승온 장치가 개시된다. 개시된 내연 기관의 급속 승온 장치는, ⅰ)배기 가스의 유출입이 가능한 케이스와, ⅱ)상기 케이스의 내부에 구성되고, 배기 가스의 열을 흡수하며 적어도 하나의 열전달 매체와 열 교환할 수 있는 축열 유닛을 포함할 수 있다.
id-DE102011103966A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft eine Fluidenergiemaschinenanordnung (10) für ein Fahrzeug, mit einer Verbrennungskraftmaschine (12) und mit einem geschlossenen Fluidkreislauf (28), mittels welchem Abwärme der Verbrennungskraftmaschine (12) in mechanische Energie wandelbar ist, wobei der Fluidkreislauf (28) einen Kühler (52) zum Kühlen eines Arbeitsfluids, eine Pumpeinrichtung (32) zum Fördern des Arbeitsfluids zu einem mit Abwärme der Verbrennungskraftmaschine (12) beaufschlagbaren Wärmetauscher (30) und eine stromabwärts des Wärmetauschers (30) angeordnete Expansionseinrichtung (38) zum Entspannen des Arbeitsfluids umfasst, wobei die Expansionseinrichtung (38) eine erste, von dem mittels des Wärmetauschers (30) verdampften Arbeitsfluid antreibbare Turbine (40) und eine zweite, von dem mittels des Wärmetauschers (30) verdampften Arbeitsfluid antreibbare Turbine (42) umfasst, wobei der ersten Turbine (40) ein erster, von der ersten Turbine (40) antreibbarer elektrischer Generator (44) und der zweiten Turbine (42) ein zweiter, von der zweiten Turbine (42) antreibbarer elektrischer Generator (48) zugeordnet ist,
id-US20140202134A1    abstract-A method for controlling a heat recovery device in an internal combustion engine, in particular, for a motor vehicle. The heat recovery device is provided with a circuit for a working medium having an evaporator of an expansion machine that is arranged in an exhaust gas flow path of the internal combustion engine, a condensor, an expansion tank, and a feed pump. The working temperature of the working medium is controlled by varying the mass flow of the working fluid as a function of at least one operating parameter. A setpoint value of the working medium mass flow of an exhaust gas flow path of an exhaust gas tract and/or an exhaust gas recirculation line is calculated on the basis of a base setpoint value for the working medium mass flow. The base setpoint value for the working medium mass flow is at least a function of the exhaust gas temperature, preferably upstream of the evaporator, and of the exhaust gas mass flow in the exhaust gas flow path.
id-WO2013008613A1    abstract-廃熱回収装置は、熱交換器と膨張機と空冷型の凝縮器と圧送装置と外気温度検出部と圧力検出部と放熱量調整部と制御部とを備える。熱交換器は熱機関の廃熱を冷媒に伝達する。膨張機は冷媒を膨張させて駆動力を発生させる。凝縮器は膨張機を通過した冷媒の熱を大気に放熱する。圧送装置は凝縮器を通過した冷媒を熱交換器へ移送する。圧力検出部は膨張機より下流且つ前記圧送装置より上流の冷媒の圧力を検出する。放熱量調整部は凝縮器の放熱量を調整する。制御部は放熱量調整部の放熱量調整状態を制御する。制御部は、外気温度検出部によって検出された外気温度に基づいて目標凝縮圧力を設定し、圧力検出部によって検出される圧力が目標凝縮圧力となるように放熱量調整部を制御する。
id-FR2978799A1    abstract-L'invention a pour objet un moteur hybride pneumatique-thermique (M') dont au moins une chambre de combustion est reliée à au moins un réservoir (8) de stockage de gaz sous pression. Le réservoir et/ou la chambre de combustion est alimenté(e) en gaz sous pression au moins pour partie par un compresseur de gaz (15) entraîné par l'expanseur (12) d'une boucle de Rankine couplée thermiquement à la ligne d'échappement (9) dudit moteur.
id-KR20130013358A    abstract-본 발명은 배기열 회수장치에 관한 것으로, 보다 상세하게는 배기관으로 배출되는 배기열을 회수하여 재활용함은 물론, 배기관의 열팽창 및 수축에 따른 변형을 보상하고, 또 응축수의 배출을 용이하게 할 수 있도록 한 배기열 회수장치에 관한 것으로, 그 구성은 후방이 하우징(10)의 내부에 위치되도록 설치되고, 끝단에는 개폐가능한 게이트(28)가 설치되며, 후방에는 복수 개의 배기공(25)이 형성된 배기관(20); 상기 하우징(10)과 배기관(20)의 사이에 설치되어 상기 배기관(20)에서 배기되는 열기에 의해 열 교환되는 예열부(35)가 형성된 예열관(30); 및 상기 예열관(30)의 후단과 배기관(20)의 후방 간에 연결설치되되, 상기 예열관(30)의 후단 또는 배기관(20)의 후방 중 어느 한 곳의 결합부(60)에 실링부재(45)를 매개로 기밀성을 유지하며 슬립 가능하게 설치된 연결관(40);을 포함하여 이루어진다.
id-KR20130009265A    abstract-본 발명은 에너지를 제공하는 에너지 제공부, 에너지 제공부를 통해 공급되는 유기 매체에 해당하는 작동 유체 중 기준 레벨의 온도 범위를 벗어나는 액체를 예열시키는 예열기, 에너지 제공부를 통해 유기 매체에 해당하는 작동 유체 중 기준 레벨의 온도 범위인 액체를 공급받고, 예열기를 통해 기준 레벨의 온도 범위로 예열된 액체를 공급받아 기체로 기화시키는 증발기, 증발기를 통해 공급되는 기체를 상기 예열기의 방향으로 다시 순환시키면서, 기체를 공급받아 기계적 에너지로 변환시켜 구동하는 터빈, 터빈의 구동에 의해 전력을 생산하는 전력 생산부, 터빈을 통해 공급되는 기체를 액체 상태로 응축시키는 응축기, 지열을 제공받아 흡수식 냉각을 이용하여 적어도 한번 이상의 냉동 사이클 과정을 거쳐 냉열을 생산하고, 냉열을 응축기에 제공하고, 응축기로부터 냉열을 회수하여 응축기에 의해 응축된 과열 액체를 계속적으로 냉각시키는 지열 흡수식 냉각기, 응축기에 냉매를 제공하고 응축기로부터 냉매를 회수하여 응축기에 의해 응축된 과열 액체를 계속적으로 냉각시키는 엔진 냉각기, 응축기를 통해 공급되는 응축된 냉각 액체를 저장하는 저장 탱크 및 저장 탱크에 저장되는 응축된 냉각 액체를 예열기로 공급하도록 펌핑하는 펌프를 포함하는 지열을 이용한 유기 랭킨 사이클 발전 시스템을 제공한다.
id-JP5618009B2    abstract-
id-US20140208738A1    abstract-An engine protection system and methods for preventing intake condensation are disclosed. In a system and various of the methods, an exhaust gas recirculation (EGR) valve is positioned within an EGR passage fluidly connecting an engine exhaust stream and an engine intake stream, while a waste heat recovery (WHR) system is used to recover heat from the EGR stream. An engine control unit (ECU) is coupled to various sensors and valves to divert working fluid from the WHR system from cooling the EGR exhaust flow below a level which favors production of condensation in the engine intake system. The ECU operates to divert working fluid flow when sensors indicate characteristics of either the exhaust flow or the intake stream which might lead to heavy condensation. A three-way valve is also used to divert the working fluid to a variable expansion valve fluidly coupled to the three-way valve in response to a signal from one of the sensors to prevent damage to the system turbine.
id-KR20130021553A    abstract-본 발명은 레큐퍼레이터형 가스터빈 사이클 장치에 관한 것으로서, 더욱 상세하게는 가스터빈 사이클 시스템에 레큐퍼레이터 열교환기가 더 설치됨으로써, 전체적인 시스템의 효율이 증가하여 경제성에 도움이 되고, 상기 레큐퍼레이터 열교환기가 핀-플레이트형 열교환기 형태로 플레이트와 핀부로 구성되고, 상기 핀부에는 요철부가 형성되며, 상기 요철부의 양측면에 루버(louver)부 또는 딤플(dimple)부가 형성됨으로써, 열교환 면적이 증가하여 열전달이 높아지고, 그로 인해 열교환 효율이 증가하는 특징이 있다.
id-DE102011109384A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft eine Brennkraftmaschine (1) mit einer Wärmerückgewinnungsvorrichtung (2) mit einer Fördereinheit (4), zumindest einer Wärmetauscheranordnung (3), einer Expansionsvorrichtung (5) und einem Kondensator (6). Erfindungsgemäß ist im oder am Kondensator (6) ein Phasenübergangsmaterial (10) angeordnet oder eingebracht. Des Weiteren betrifft die Erfindung ein Verfahren zum Betrieb einer Brennkraftmaschine (1) mit einer Wärmerückgewinnungsvorrichtung (2)
id-WO2013025353A1    abstract-A cogeneration machine with an oil and filter change feature is disclosed in which oil and/or the oil filters of a reciprocating engine in cogeneration equipment may be changed without turning off the engine,
id-KR101123263B1    abstract-본 발명은, 연소물질을 연소하는 연소모듈에서 유입되는 고온의 배기가스와 열교환을 통하여 열에너지를 흡수하여 증기를 생성하는 열회수 증기 발생모듈과, 상기 열회수 증기 발생모듈을 거쳐서 온도가 낮아진 저온의 상기 배기가스로부터 오염물질을 제거하는 오염물질 제거모듈과, 상기 오염물질 제거모듈을 거친 상기 배기가스와 열교환을 통하여 열에너지를 흡수하여 상기 흡수된 열에너지를 이용하여 전기를 발생시키며, 열교환된 상기 배기가스를 연돌로 배출시키는 전기 발생 모듈을 포함하는 저온 배기가스 이용 전기 생산 설비를 제공한다.  따라서, 저온의 배기가스를 이용하여, 전기를 생산하기 때문에, 에너지 이용 효율이 크게 향상된다.  또한, 상기 배기가스의 온도가 상기 전기 발생 모듈을 거치면서 감소되므로, 백연 현상이 감소된다.  더욱이, 예열기를 이용하여, 상기 전기 발생 모듈의 증발기로 유입되는 작동 유체를 예열할 수 있기 때문에, 배기가스의 온도, 유량 등의 변동에 관계없이, 상기 전기 발생 모듈의 안정적인 운전이 가능하고, 높은 효율의 전기 생산이 가능하다.  또한, 상기 전기 발생 모듈의 증발기를 연돌 내부에 설치할 경우, 상기 증발기를 위한 별도의 설치 공간이 불필요하여 공간 활용도가 향상되고, 상기 배기가스에 대한 불필요한 압력 손실이 감소된다.  이로부터, 기 설치된 소각시설  등의 연소설비에 상기 전기 생산 설비가 용이하게 적용될 수 있다.
id-KR101166476B1    abstract-산업시설에서 배출되는 고온의 배출가스를 제1배출경로를 통해 전달받아 포집에 적합한 포집온도로 냉각시키는 안정화장치와, 안정화장치에서 냉각된 저온 배출가스를 제2배출경로를 통해 전달받아 집진하는 전기집진기와, 전기집진기를 경유한 배출가스에 포함된 질소산화물을 제거하기 위한 배출가스 탈질장치 및 제1배출경로를 통과하는 고온의 배출가스의 폐열을 이용하여 전기집진기에서 배출된 저온 배출가스를 배출가스 탈질장치에서 처리하기에 적합한 온도로 승온시켜 공급하기 위한 배출가스 탈질장치 승온시스템을 포함하는 것을 특징으로 하는 배출가스 처리시스템이 개시된다.
id-DE102011109843A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft eine Kraft-Wärme-Kopplungsanlage mit einem Generator zur Erzeugung eines Wechselstroms und mit einem Motor zum Antrieb des Generators. Erfindungsgemäß ist die Kraft-Wärme-Kopplungsanlage mit einem System zur aktiven Schalldämpfung ausgestattet. Besonders vorteilhaft verwendet das System zur aktiven Schalldämpfung bei der Ermittlung eines Gegenschallsignals ein die Motorfrequenz repräsentierenden zusätzliches Signal.
id-US9441503B2    abstract-A waste heat utilization apparatus is provided with a Rankine cycle and a power transmission mechanism that transmits power regenerated by an expander to an engine. The power transmission mechanism includes an expander clutch that interrupts or permits the transmission of the power from the expander to the engine. The expander includes a rotational speed sensor that detects a rotational speed of the expander. An increase in friction of the expander is detected on the basis of an increase in the rotational speed of the expander detected by the rotational speed sensor when the expander clutch is disconnected.
id-US9562444B2    abstract-An engine-waste-heat utilization device includes a Rankine cycle which includes a heat exchanger through which cooling water coming out from an engine flows to recover waste-heat of the engine to refrigerant, an expander which generates power using the refrigerant coming out from the heat exchanger, a condenser which condenses the refrigerant coming out from the expander and a refrigerant pump which supplies the refrigerant coming out from the condenser to the heat exchanger, and a cooling water passage in which the cooling water having a higher temperature flows when the Rankine cycle is operated than when the Rankine cycle is not operated.
id-US9328632B2    abstract-A Rankine cycle includes an waste-heat recovery device that is configured to exchange heat between cooling water coming out from an engine and exhaust gas exhausted from the engine, a heat exchanger including an evaporator through which the cooling water coming out from the engine flows to recover waste-heat of the engine to refrigerant, and a superheater through which the cooling water coming out from the waste-heat recovery device flows to recover the waste-heat of the engine to the refrigerant, an expander that is configured to generate power using the refrigerant coming out from the heat exchanger, a condenser that is configured to condense the refrigerant coming out from the expander, and a refrigerant pump that is configured to supply the refrigerant coming out from the condenser to the heat exchanger by being driven by the expander. The cooling water coming out from the superheater is returned to the engine after being joined with the cooling water coming out from the evaporator.
id-EP2636867A1    abstract-A waste heat recovery system is for use with a power unit that includes an internal combustion engine (5). The waste heat recovery system includes a Rankine cycle device in which working fluid circulates through a pump (20A), a boiler (23), an expander (25) and then through a condenser (27), heat exchange occurs in the boiler between the working fluid and intake fluid (14, 15) that is introduced into the internal combustion engine while being cooled, a determination device for determining required cooling load for the intake fluid, a pressure reducing device (35) for reducing evaporation pressure in the Rankine cycle device, and a controller (11A) for controlling the pressure reducing device so as to reduce the evaporation pressure below a predetermined evaporation pressure if the required cooling load determined by the determination device exceeds a threshold.
id-EP2573335A2    abstract-The waste heat recovery system includes a Rankine cycle device in which working fluid circulates through a pump, a boiler, an expander and then through a heat exchanging device, heat exchange occurs in the boiler between the working fluid and intake fluid that is introduced into an internal combustion engine while being cooled. The heat exchanging device includes a condenser condensing the working fluid, a receiver connected downstream of the condenser and storing liquid-phase working fluid, a subcooler connected downstream of the receiver and subcooling the liquid-phase working fluid, and a selector device serving to change the ratio of the condenser to the subcooler. The waste heat recovery system further includes a determination device for determining required cooling load for the intake fluid, and a controller for controlling the selector device depending on the required cooling load determined by the determination device.
id-JPWO2013046885A1    abstract-ランキンサイクル（３１）は、冷媒ポンプ（３２）と、熱交換器（３６）と、膨張機（３７）と、凝縮器（３８）とを備える。ランキンサイクル（３１）は、凝縮器（３８）及び冷媒をエアコンの冷凍サイクルと共用する。凝縮器（３８）の出口に接続する冷媒通路は冷凍サイクル分岐点（４５）において分岐して冷媒ポンプ（３２）及び冷凍サイクルのエバポレータ（５５）に接続する。ランキンサイクルを運転する場合に、エアコンを運転させる要求がなくても冷凍サイクルのコンプレッサ（５２）を駆動する。
id-JP2014231739A    abstract-【課題】ランキンサイクル回路を構成する熱交換器が作動流体の加熱手段と過給空気の冷却手段とを兼ねる廃熱回生システムにおいて、作動流体を圧送するポンプの故障時にも過給空気の冷却を行うことができる廃熱回生システムを提供する。【解決手段】廃熱回生システム１００において、第１熱交換器１１２は、ランキンサイクル回路１１０内を循環する作動流体の加熱手段と過給器２０から吐出される過給空気の冷却手段とを兼ねている。電動ポンプ１１１の故障時には、エンジン１０によって膨張機１１４を駆動すると共に、電磁弁１２０を開状態にしてバイパス流路１１９への作動流体の循環を許容することによって、回路内における作動流体の循環を継続させる。【選択図】図１
id-JP5707500B2    abstract-
id-JP2013076369A    abstract-【課題】冷媒の偏在を解消するために冷媒ポンプの予備駆動を行うことによる燃費悪化を抑制する。 【解決手段】ランキンサイクル３１は、冷媒を循環させる冷媒ポンプ３２と、エンジン２の廃熱を冷媒に回収する熱交換器２２と、冷媒を膨張させることによって冷媒に回収された廃熱を動力に変換する膨張機３７と、膨張機３７によって膨張した冷媒を凝縮させる凝縮器３８をと、を備える。また、ランキンサイクル３１は、エンジン２から冷媒ポンプ３２に至る動力伝達経路の途中に設けられるクラッチ３５とを備える。そして、ランキンサイクル３１の運転前、かつ、車両の減速中に、クラッチ３５を締結して車両の慣性力によって冷媒ポンプ３２を駆動する。 【選択図】図１
id-US20140353975A1    abstract-System, method and apparatus providing power generation and demand management using a thermal hydraulic generator. Also a more efficient (full time cycle) and stable thermal hydraulic generators and heat exchangers are disclosed.
id-US20130056993A1    abstract-Thermal Hydraulic DC Generators capture energy from Turbine Generators, Combustion Engines, Geothermal Sources, Facility Systems, or Solar Collectors. These sources can be used to produce 180-degree Fahrenheit hot water in order to drive Thermal Hydraulic DC Generators. These Generators create a very efficient means of generating electric power.      Other co-generation systems require the use of steam to drive Steam Turbines. The use of steam as opposed to hot water requires more expensive equipment and more maintenance to operate than a 180 Degree F. hot water system. These 180 Degree F. hot water systems incorporating the Thermal Hydraulic DC Generators are more efficient than the Rankine Cycle or the Carnot Cycle.      Thermal Hydraulic DC Generator Engines incorporate a plc based control system that eliminates the need for governors and voltage regulators. They incorporate inverter systems to create “clean” power at unity power factor. This is a new system that has never been accomplished before.
id-US20140005844A1    abstract-System, method and apparatus providing power generation and demand management using a thermal hydraulic generator.
id-US20170205103A1    abstract-System, method and apparatus enabling efficient heating, cooling and demand management thereof using a thermal hydraulic heat pump.
id-DE102011113239A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft einen Wärmetauscher (10), insbesondere Abgaswärmetauscher für einen Kraftwagen, mit einem ein erstes Medium (16), insbesondere ein Abgas, aufnehmendes erstes Wärmeübertragungselement (12) und ein mit einem ein zweites Medium (18), insbesondere ein Öl, aufnehmendes zweites Wärmeübertragungselement (14), über deren jeweilige Wandungen (13, 15) Wärme von dem einen in das andere Medium übertragbar ist, wobei in Abhängigkeit einer jeweiligen Temperatur der Medien (16, 18) zwischen den Wandungen (13, 15) der Wärmeübertragungselemente (12, 14) ein Zwischenraum (22) ausbildbar ist.
id-WO2013046791A1    abstract-【課題】内燃機関の性能の向上を実現しつつ、低コストで耐久性の高い廃熱利用装置を提供する。【解決手段】廃熱利用装置は、駆動系（１ａ）に用いられるランキンサイクル（３ａ）と、バイパス路（２９）と、流量調整弁（３１）と、圧力センサ（３５）と、制御装置（１１ａ）とを備えている。駆動系（１ａ）は、エンジン（５）と、エンジン（５）に対して加圧空気を供給するターボチャージャ（７）とを有している。ランキンサイクル（３ａ）は、電動ポンプ（Ｐ１）と、加圧空気ボイラ（１９）と、膨張機（２１）と、凝縮器（２３）と、配管（２４～２８）とを有している。制御装置（１１ａ）は、加圧空気に対する冷却要求量が閾値を超えたと判断した場合、電動ポンプ（Ｐ１）の吐出量を増大させて作動流体の吐出量を増大させる。また、制御装置（１１ａ）は、設定蒸発圧力と圧力センサ（３５）が検知した検知圧力（α）との比較に基づいて流量調整弁（３１）を制御することで、膨張機（２１）に流入する作動流体の流量を調整する。
id-WO2013042398A1    abstract-エンジン１０は、排気ガスが流通する排気管３０を有し、排気管３０は、ボイラ１１３を通過する本流路３０ａと、ボイラ１１３をバイパスするバイパス流路３０ｂと、バイパス流路３０ｂに設けられ、バイパス流路３０ｂを流通する排気ガスの流量を制御する流量制御弁３１とを有している。ＥＣＵ１１９は、バッテリ１１８の充電率を検出し、内蔵されたマップに基づいて流量制御弁３１の開度を制御し、本流路３０ａを流通する排気ガスの流量が制御される。
id-WO2013042500A1    abstract-本発明の動力変換システム（Ｓ）は、供給される有機ハイドライドを所定の触媒の存在下に加熱して水素及び有機ハイドライドの脱水素化物を生成する水素発生装置（１）と、前記水素発生装置（１）で得られる水素と有機ハイドライドの脱水素化物とを分離すると共に水素を送出する分離装置（２）と、前記分離装置（２）から送出される水素を燃焼させることで動力を得る動力変換装置（４）と、前記動力変換装置（４）から排出される排ガスと、前記水素発生装置（１）に供給する前の有機ハイドライドとの間で熱交換を行う熱交換器（５）と、前記熱交換器（５）での熱交換で過熱蒸気となった有機ハイドライドにより動力を発生すると共にこの有機ハイドライドを前記水素発生装置（１）に送出する膨張機６と、を備える。
id-KR20130026943A    abstract-본 발명은 내연기관용 연소시스템에 관한 것으로서, 더욱 상세하게는 엔진에서 발생하는 연소가스의 폐열을 이용해 브라운가스 또는 워터가스를 생성하고 이를 엔진으로 공급하여 엔진의 구동효율을 상승시키는 내연기관용 연소시스템에 관한 것이다. 본 발명은 내부에 복수개의 연소실이 마련되어 있으며, 상기 연소실 내로 연료 및 공기를 공급하는 연료공급라인 및 흡기매니폴드와 연결되는 엔진본체를 포함하는 내연기관의 연소시스템에 있어서, 워터가스 또는 브라운가스의 형성을 위해 가열되는 가열대상 물을 공급하는 물 공급부와, 상기 엔진본체에서 배기되는 연소가스가 통과하는 배기매니폴드에 설치되며 상기 물 공급부에서 공급되는 물을 브라운가스 또는 워터가스가 생성되도록 가열하기 위해 상기 연소가스의 폐열을 이용해 가열하는 제1 가열부와, 상기 제1 가열부에서 생성된 워터가스 또는 브라운가스를 상기 엔진본체 또는 상기 흡기매니폴드로 공급하도록 상기 제1 가열부와 상기 엔진본체 또는 흡기매니폴드에 연결되는 가스공급부를 구비한다.
id-KR101316234B1    abstract-본 발명은 내연 기관의 급속 승온 장치가 배기 파이프(1)에 구비된 제어 밸브(20)의 개폐작용으로 빠져나온 배기 가스 열을 이용해 승온되는 축열 물질(12)을 내부로 갖춘 축열기(10)와, 상기 축열 물질(12)과 열교환으로 승온되어 순환 흐름을 형성하는 열유체를 갖춘 열유체 순환기(30)와, 한쪽으로 상기 열유체 순환기(30)의 고온 유체가 순환되고 반대쪽으로 내연 기관 쪽에 이어진 열교환 순환기(50)의 저온 유체인 오일(엔진 오일 또는 변속기 오일)/냉각수가 열교환으로 온도상승되도록 연결되는 열교환기(40)로 구성됨으로써, 간단한 구성으로 레이아웃으로 인한 공간 제약을 가져오지 않고, 차량 시동 초기나 냉각시 연비 저하의 원인이 되는 낮은 온도의 냉각수 또는 오일로 인한 마찰 저항 증대를 방지함은 물론, 특히 일산화탄소(CO) 또는 탄화수소(HC)와 같은 유해 배출 가스의 다량 발생을 방지할 수 있는 특징을 갖는다.
id-WO2013046936A1    abstract-膨張機により回生された動力によって駆動される冷媒ポンプを含むランキンサイクルを備えるエンジンの廃熱利用装置において、凝縮器を共有し、凝縮器からの冷媒を導いて蒸発させるエバポレータを含む冷凍サイクルと、熱交換器出口の冷媒を駆動ガスとして用い、エバポレータ出口の冷媒を引き込んで凝縮器に戻すエジェクタと、熱交換器出口からエジェクタに供給する冷媒流量と熱交換器出口から膨張機に供給する冷媒流量との分配比を制御し得る流量分配比制御機構とを設けた。
id-KR20130002193U    abstract-폐열 회수기를 구비하는 선박이 개시된다. 본 고안의 일 실시예에 따른 선박은, 선체, 선체에 설치되며, 작동에 따라 배기가스를 배출하는 하나 이상의 연소기, 선체에 설치되어 연소기에서 배출되는 배기가스를 선체 외부로 배출하는 펀넬(funnel), 펀넬 내부를 펀넬의 길이 방향을 따라 연장되는 하나 이상의 배기 공간으로 구획하는 격벽, 및 펀넬 내부에 배치되며, 열회수 유체를 이용하여 펀넬을 통과하는 배기가스로부터 열을 회수하는 폐열 회수기를 포함한다.
id-US20130074489A1    abstract-A Stirling engine includes a base member that connects a housing portion with a heater that heats a working fluid using exhaust heat of a main engine, and a support member that supports the Stirling engine at the base member is provided.
id-KR20130029905A    abstract-본 발명은 엔진과 연동된 기계식 펌프와 서모스탓을 구비한 차량용 워터펌프 제어시스템에 관한 것으로, 상기 발명은 상기 엔진 냉각에 사용된 후 유입된 냉각수를 선택적으로 통과시키기 위한 제1 밸브와, 상기 제1 밸브에 의해 유입된 냉각수를 배기열 회수장치 및 히터코어를 차례로 통과시켜 상기 서모스탓으로 유출하기 위한 제1 유로; 상기 제1 유로 중 상기 제1 밸브와 상기 배기열 회수장치의 사이로부터 분기되고 상기 분기된 지점을 통해 유입된 냉각수를 선택적으로 통과시키기 위한 제2 밸브와 상기 제2 밸브에 의해 유입된 냉각수를 상기 서모스탓으로 제공하는 전동펌프를 구비한 제2 유로; 및 상기 엔진의 동작 유무에 대응하여 상기 제1 밸브, 제2 밸브 및 상기 전동펌프를 제어하여 상기 제1 유로 및 제2 유로의 냉각수의 순환을 조절하는 엔진제어기;를 포함하는 것을 특징으로 한다. 이에 의해 본 발명은 엔진 정지 시 배기열 회수계의 냉각수온을 제어하여, 국부적 냉각수온 상승에 따른 냉각수 보일링을 방지하고, 엔진정지 시 실내 난방 성능을 향상할 수 있다.
id-KR20130033537A    abstract-순산소 디젤기관이 개시된다. 본 발명의 일 실시예에 따른 순산소 디젤기관은 산소 또는 천연가스를 분사하는 분사노즐을 각각 장착한 엔진부와, 상기 엔진부의 요구 압력에 대응하게 승압된 산소를 상기 엔진부의 상기 분사노즐에 공급하는 산소공급처리부와, 상기 분사노즐과 천연가스 저장탱크 사이에 연결된 천연가스라인과, 상기 엔진부의 엔진실린더의 배기구에 연결된 배기라인과, 상기 배기라인으로부터 분기되어 상기 엔진실린더의 이산화탄소 도입구까지 연결된 재순환라인과, 상기 재순환라인에 설치된 배기가스분리기와, 상기 분사노즐 각각에 마련된 노즐워터자켓에 냉각수를 공급 및 회수하는 수냉부를 포함할 수 있다.
id-JP5480862B2    abstract-
id-DE102011113905A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zum Betreiben einer Abgasanlage für ein Fahrzeug, bei welchem Abgas durch eine Leitung der Abgasanlage geleitet wird, in welcher wenigstens ein zum Übertragen von Wärme des Abgases auf ein Medium ausgelegter Wärmetauscher angeordnet ist. Hierbei wird zumindest ein Teil des Abgases in Abhängigkeit von einer Kondensationswahrscheinlichkeit von im Abgas enthaltenem Wasser durch eine den wenigstens einen Wärmetauscher umgehende Umgehungsleitung geleitet (16). Des Weiteren betrifft die Erfindung eine Abgasanlage für ein Fahrzeug.
id-US8627662B2    abstract-A system for recovering heat from recirculating exhaust gases is provided. The system includes a first exhaust manifold in fluid communication with multiple combustion chambers of an engine. The system also includes a turbocharger having a turbine stage and a compressor stage, wherein the turbine stage comprises an inlet port in fluid communication with the first exhaust manifold and the compressor stage includes an inlet port for air intake and an outlet port for compressed air. The system includes an exhaust gas recirculation cooler having a first flow path and a second flow path, wherein the first flow path is configured to receive a portion of exhaust gas from the first exhaust manifold flowing through an exhaust gas recirculation loop. The second flow path includes an inlet for receiving a compressed air for drawing heat from the exhaust gas flowing through the first flow path.
id-JP5741524B2    abstract-
id-DE102011117054A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft eine Vorrichtung (1) zur Energierückgewinnung aus einem Abwärmestrom (AS) einer Verbrennungskraftmaschine in einem Fahrzeug mit einem Arbeitsmedium-Kreislauf (AK). Erfindungsgemäß läuft innerhalb des Arbeitsmedium-Kreislaufs (AK) ein Clausius-Rankine-Kreisprozess ab, wobei im Arbeitsmedium-Kreislauf (AK) ein Arbeitsmediumbehälter (7), welchem ein Füllstandssensor (8) zugeordnet ist, angeordnet ist. Des Weiteren betrifft die Erfindung ein Verfahren zur Leckage-Erkennung in einem Arbeitsmedium-Kreislauf (AK).
id-US11073278B2    abstract-Liquid is flash evaporated in a series of cells along and surrounding an exhaust duct to generate a pressurized vapor where at least one of the surfaces is in communication with the source of heat sufficient to maintain the surface at a temperature such that the liquid injected into the chamber is substantially instantly converted to a superheated vapor with no liquid pooling within the chamber. The liquid is introduced by controlled injectors operating at a required rate. Each of the cells is periodically discharged by a pressure controlled relief valve and the vapor from the cells combined to form a continuous stream feeding a turbine or other energy conversion device. The outer wall of the cell is offset so that it contacts the inner wall at one point around the periphery. Heat transfer ribs and bars can be provided in the duct to provide increased heat transfer where necessary.
id-US9896985B2    abstract-A heat recovery system includes an engine coolant circuit and an exhaust gas recovery circuit. The engine coolant circuit uses an engine coolant fluid to cool an engine. The exhaust gas recovery circuit comprises a Rankine cycle system that uses a working fluid to convert heat from engine exhaust gases to energy. The engine coolant fluid comprises the working fluid such that the engine coolant circuit and an exhaust gas recovery circuit comprise a common circuit such that the Rankine cycle system recovers energy from exhaust gas heat and from engine coolant heat.
id-KR101264892B1    abstract-본 발명은 폐열을 이용한 연료탱크의 온도제어 시스템에 관한 것으로, 더욱 상세하게는 엔진이 연소하면서 발생되는 배기가스의 폐열을 이용하여 선박의 엔진연소에 필요한 연료를 예열함으로써 선박의 에너지 효율을 향상시킬 수 있는 폐열을 이용한 연료탱크의 온도제어 시스템에 관한 것이다. 상기의 목적을 달성하기 위한 기술적 사상으로서의 본 발명은, 연료를 저장하는 연료탱크, 엔진에 공급되는 연료를 일시적으로 저장하는 버퍼탱크, 상기 버퍼탱크와 연결되어 상기 버퍼탱크로부터 공급되는 연료로 운전되는 엔진, 일단이 상기 연료탱크에 연결되고, 타단이 상기 버퍼탱크에 연결되어 상기 연료탱크에 저장되어 있는 연료를 상기 버퍼탱크로 공급하는 연료공급관, 상기 연료탱크에 저장되어 있는 연료를 예열하는 제1 가열부 및 상기 엔진의 배출가스에 포함되어 있는 열을 상기 제1 가열부에 열을 공급하는 열교환부를 포함하는 것을 특징으로 한다.
id-DE102011117356A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft eine Motorkoppeleinheit 1, 1', 1'', insbesondere Hubkolbenmaschine, zur drehmomentübertragenden Verbindung mit einem Motor 104, insbesondere Verbrennungsmotor, eines Fahrzeugs, insbesondere Kraftfahrzeugs. Die Motorkoppeleinheit 1, 1', 1'' weist einen Kompressor 14, 14', 14'' zum Bereitstellen von Druckluft, eine Drehmomentübertragungseinrichtung 8, 8', 8'' zum Antrieb des Kompressors 14, 14', 14'' und ein Kopplungsmittel 6 zur drehmomentübertragenden Kopplung der Drehmomentübertragungseinrichtung 8, 8', 8'' mit dem Motor 104 auf. Weiter weist die Motorkoppeleinheit 1, 1', 1'' einen mittels des Dampfdrucks eines durch Abwärme verdampften Prozessfluids 34 betriebenen Expander 12, 12', 12'' zum Antrieb der Drehmomentübertragungseinrichtung 8, 8', 8'' auf. Weiter betrifft die Erfindung den Expander 12', 12'' dieser Motorkoppeleinheit 1', 1'' sowie ein Fahrzeug mit der Motorkoppeleinheit 1, 1', 1'' und ein entsprechendes Verfahren zur Leistungsübertragung zwischen dem Motor 104 und der Motorkoppeleinheit 1, 1' 1''.
id-WO2013060447A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft eine Abwärmenutzungsvorrichtung (2) eines Kraftfahrzeuges mit einem Abwärmenutzungskreis (4) und einem Nebenzweig (5) durch die ein Arbeitsmedium strömt. Ein erhöhter Wirkungsgrad der Abwärmenutzungsvorrichtung (2) wird erreicht, in dem das Arbeitsmedium im Nebenzweig (5) von einer Saugstrahlfördereinrichtung (8) angetrieben wird und der Abwärmenutzungskreis (4) sowie der Nebenzweig (5) jeweils einen Verdampfer (7, 17) aufweisen, die jeweils das Arbeitsmedium verdampfen bzw. heizen. Die Erfindung betrifft zudem eine Anordnung (1) einer derartigen Abwärmenutzungsvorrichtung (2) an einer Brennkraftmaschine (3).
id-KR101878825B1    abstract-본 발명은 메인 엔진의 오프시 디젤 엔진의 배기가스와 카고 데크 히터로부터 각각 폐기되는 열 에너지를 이용하여 조수기에 의한 청수의 생산을 가능하게 함으로써 청수의 생산시 필요로 하는 에너지 자원을 절감할 수 있도록 하는 데 그 목적이 있다.  전술한 목적을 달성하기 위한 본 발명은 해수에 열원을 공급하여 청수를 생산하는 조수기(16)를 갖춘 선박의 청수 생산 설비로서, 디젤 엔진(34)의 배기가스로부터 폐기되는 열 에너지를 회수하는 배기가스 열원 회수부, 보조 보일러(24)의 응축수로부터 폐기되는 열 에너지를 회수하는 스팀 열원 회수부, 및 메인 엔진(10)의 비가동시 상기 배기가스 열원 회수부와 상기 스팀 열원 회수부를 통해 각각 회수되는 열 에너지를 상기 조수기(16)로 조절하여 제공하는 폐열 공급량 조절부를 구비한다.
id-KR101291129B1    abstract-선박용 엔진의 실린더 오일 히팅 시스템이 개시된다. 본 실시 예에 따른 선박용 엔진의 실린더 오일 히팅 시스템의 히팅유닛은 오일파이프와 접촉하도록 배치되는 증기파이프와, 증기파이프에 공급되는 증기를 제어하기 위한 증기조절밸브와, 증기조절밸브에 증기를 공급하는 증기공급장치와, 오일파이프 내부의 오일 온도를 계측하기 위한 온도센서와, 온도센서에 의해 감지된 온도를 기초로 증기조절밸브의 동작을 제어하는 제어부를 구비함으로써 간단하고 경제적인 시스템을 제공한다.
id-US20130096801A1    abstract-A method for operating a line circuit ( 4 ) for waste heat utilization of an internal combustion engine ( 2 ), and a control unit ( 1 ). A feed pump ( 6 ), at least one heat exchanger ( 8 ), an expansion machine ( 10 ), a condenser ( 12 ) and a control unit ( 1 ) are situated in the line circuit ( 4 ). The control unit ( 1 ) calculates a time period which is required until individual components or all the components of the line circuit ( 4 ) have reached a predefined temperature, in order to start up the line circuit ( 4 ) at least partially.
id-EP2583741A1    abstract-A system includes a gas production source (12) configured to produce a gas stream (14) comprising nitrogen oxides (NO x ) (16) and a hydrocarbon injector (18) disposed downstream of the gas production source (12) and configured to inject a hydrocarbon into the gas stream (14). The hydrocarbon is configured to oxidize molecules of the NO x  (16) in the gas stream (14) to produce a higher order compound of nitrogen and oxygen (N y O z ) (22). The system also includes a removal device (24) disposed downstream of the hydrocarbon injector (18). The removal device (24) is configured to remove the N y O z  (22) from the gas stream via absorption or reaction.
id-WO2013060309A2    abstract-The essence of the solution resides in that an internal combustion engine with rocking pistons is constituted by a shared working space in a shared housing (1) of the motor and a compressor in the central portion of which there are formed in a mirrored fashion combustion chambers (2, 2.1) containing rocking blades (3, 3.1) of the motor that are rigidly radially supported on a turnable central shaft (4) and in a carrier ring (4.1) and wherein the rocking blades (3, 3.1) are to advantage mutually angled with respect to each other and wherein the combustion chambers (2, 2.1) are delimited on the one side by delimiting partitions (5, 5.1) radially disposed at the inner circumferential surface of the shared housing (1) of the motor and the compressor and separating the combustion chambers (2, 2.1) from primary compressor chambers (6, 6.1) of the primary compressor part, and on the opposite side by a pair of rocking blades (3, 3.1) at the locations of their lower dead centers, and wherein on the opposite side of the pair of rocking blades (3, 3.1) there are formed secondary compressor chambers (7., 7.1) of a secondary compressor part delimited by end parts of a guiding segment (18) provided with secondary suction and outlet channels (19, 19.1) of a secondary compressor and wherein the turnable central shaft (4) extends with its end portions into external housings (1.1, 1.2) of a crankshaft mechanism that are connected in a mirror fashion to the shared housing (1) of the motor and the compressor, where the turnable central shaft (4) is provided with an oscillating yoke (8) having arms that are connected by means of a pair of piston rods (9, 9.1) with a pair of crankshafts (10, 10.1) on the outer ends of which there is supported a pair of flywheels (11, 11.1) that are provided on their peripheries with coils (12, 12.1) of a stator winding. A pressurized mixing chamber (17) that is connected to the outlet (28) of the exhaust gases from the rocking motor and to the outlet (29) of the pressurized air from the compressor part is provided with a main outlet (22) for the energy medium that is connected to the working expansion machine (23) that is connected with a working generator (25) of electric current, and the collection mixing chamber (17) is connected by a relief outlet (18) for the energy medium to an inlet (19) of a relief expansion machine (20) that is connected to a relief generator (21) of electric current that is electrically connected with coils (12, 12.1) of a stator winding. The combined driving system can be used primarily for the driving of generators of electric current, but its use is not limited to the driving of mobile machines and other apparatuses requiring rotary motion for their operation.
id-DE102011116425A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Reichweitenverlängerungsmodul (1) mit zumindest einer Verbrennungskraftmaschine (2) und einem mit dieser gekoppelten Generator (3) für ein elektrisch betriebenes Fahrzeug. Erfindungsgemäß ist die Verbrennungskraftmaschine (2) als Gasturbine ausgebildet, wobei ein Abwärmenutzungskreislauf (AK) thermisch mit der Gasturbine gekoppelt ist.
id-DE102011115578A1    abstract-Um eine sinnvolle autarke Energieversorgung von Gebäuden für deren Eigenbedarf zu erreichen, ist ein Mini-/Mikro Blockheizkraftwerk vorgesehen. Dieses Mini-/Micro Blockheizkraftwerk zur autarken Energieversorgung von Gebäuden für den Eigenbedarf erzeugt zum einen den für das jeweilige Gebäude benötigten Strom, und versorgt mit der bei der Stromerzeugung anfallenden Abwärme das jeweiligige Gebäude mit thermischer Wärme für Heizung und Brauchwasseraufbereitung. Das jeweilige Mini-/Micro Blockheizkraftwerk ist jedoch den unterschiedlichen Temperaturen/Jahreszeiten angepaßt, was durch Leistungsanpassung von zumindest einem Motor, (1 u. 2) erfolgt. Die gleiche Wirkung einer jahreszeitlich bedingten Temperaturanpassung kann auch durch Zu- und Abschalten eines oder mehrerer weiterer Motor (1 u. 2) erfolgen. Der erzeugte Strom wird in erster Linie für den Eigenbedarf des jeweiligen Gebäudes genutzt. Die anfallende thermische Wärme kann direkt in die jeweilige Heizung (5) und zur Brauchwassererzeugung (Boiler) (6) genutzt werden. Darüber hinaus kann die nicht unmittelbar für Heizung (5) und Brauchwassererzeugung (6) zu nutzende anfallende thermische Wärme in Pufferspeicher (7) geleitet werden, um später wieder für Heizung (5) und Brauchwassererzeugung (6) genutzt zu werden. Um eine ökologisch wie ökonomisch sinnvolle Nutzung des jeweiligen Mini-/Micro Blockheizkraftwerks zu vervollständigen, ist ein automatisches Ölversorgungssystem vorgesehen, in welchem das bereits gebrauchte Motoröl (16) gereinigt und mit neuem Motoröl (16) auf die benötigte Menge ergänzt, und wieder dem jeweiligen Motor (1 u. 2) zugeführt, und eine sinnvolle Betreibung und Nutzung des jeweiligen Blockheizkraftwerks ist gewährleistet.
id-US9234436B2    abstract-A generator system uses compressed air as a power source and utilizes an electromagnetic auxiliary power unit. The generator system includes an engine ( 1 ), a multiple-column power distributor ( 2 ), a generator system ( 4 ), a controller system ( 6 ), an intake speed control valve ( 23 ), a high pressure gas tank ( 13 ), a constant pressure tank ( 16 ), an electronic control unit ECO ( 29 ), an electromagnetic auxiliary power unit ( 1000 ), a power distributor ( 1100 ) and an end gas recycle loop. The end gas recycle loop includes an air compressor ( 7 ), a condenser ( 11 ), an end gas recycle tank ( 9 ), an electro-drive turbine unidirectional suction pump ( 19 ) and an end gas muffler ( 22 ).
id-DE102011085961A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft einen Kühlkreislauf insbesondere einer Kraftmaschine umfassend eine Antriebseinheit (2) mit einem Kühlkreislauf (8), durch den in der Antriebseinheit (2) erwärmtes Kühlmittel strömt, einem ersten Wärmetauscher (11), der Wärme vom Kühlmittel an die Umgebung abgibt und eine Vorrichtung zur Energierückgewinnung (10) mit einem zweiten Wärmetauscher (16), der in den Kühlkreislauf (8) eingeschaltet ist. Erfindungsgemäß umfasst ein zum zweiten Wärmetauscher (18) parallel geschalteter Leitungsabschnitt (17) des Kühlkreislaufs (8) ein hydraulisches Element (18), das dem zweiten Wärmetauscher (18) einen definierten Kühlmittelstrom zusteuert.
id-WO2013065371A1    abstract-廃熱回生システムはポンプ、ボイラ、膨張機及びコンデンサから構成されるランキンサイクル回路と、ボイラの下流側出口における作動流体の温度を検出する温度センサと、膨張機をバイパスするバイパス流路と、バイパス流路上に設けられた開閉弁と、コントローラとを備える。コントローラは、エンジンの作動時かつ膨張機出力が不要な時において、開閉弁を開状態にし、かつ、作動流体の温度が第１所定温度以下になるようにポンプに流量を調整させる。
id-US20140290243A1    abstract-In a waste-heat recovery system, a gear pump and an electric motor share a drive shaft. A pump interior portion and a motor interior portion are partitioned from each other by a shaft seal, and the pump interior portion defines a part of a circulation path of a Rankine cycle circuit. One end of a communication path that is communicated to the motor interior portion is connected to a bottom portion of a housing, and the other end of the communication path is connected to the circulation path at a position between an expander and a condenser in the Rankine cycle circuit.
id-KR20130058996A    abstract-본 발명은 자동차 배기구의 배기열 회수장치에 관한 것으로, 보다 상세하게는 배기가스와 냉각수 간의 열교환 시간을 증가시킴으로써 냉각수 및 변속기오일의 웜업 성능을 향상시켜 연비를 개선 시키도록 한 자동차 배기구의 배기열 회수장치에 관한 것으로, 그 구성은 배기가스를 바이패스시켜 배출하는 바이패스관의 일부를 둘러싸는 하우징과; 상기 하우징의 내주면에 입측은 냉각수유입관과 연통되게 설치되고, 출측은 냉각수유출관과 연통되게 설치된 제1냉각수관과; 상기 제1냉각수관과 바이패스관 사이에 상기 제1냉각수관과 연통되게 설치되는 제2냉각수관과; 상기 제2냉각수관의 내부에 입측은 변속기오일유입관과 연통되게 설치되고, 출측은 변속기오일유출관과 연통되게 설치되어 변속기오일이 진행되는 변속기오일관과; 상기 제1냉각수관과 제2냉각수관 사이를 통과하는 배기가스를 회류시키는 회류유도구를 형성시켜 된 배기가스 유도로;를 포함하여 이루어진다.
id-KR20130049986A    abstract-본 발명은 엔진의 연소에 따라 발생하는 배기가스의 폐열을 이용하여 생성된 고온, 고압의 증기를 상부 갑판의 경계지역에서 고압의 압축 공기와 함께 외부로 분사할 수 있게 함으로써, 해적의 침입을 방지함과 더불어 선박의 피랍 방지 및 승선원의 안전을 확보할 수 있도록 하는 데 그 목적이 있다.  전술한 목적을 달성하기 위한 본 발명은 1차 증기를 발생시키는 1차 증기 생성부, 상기 1차 증기 생성부로부터 발생된 1차 증기를 증기 소비원으로 공급하는 1차 공급관로, 상기 1차 공급관로를 통해 상기 1차 증기 생성부로부터 발생된 1차 증기를 분지관로를 통해 별도로 공급받아 이를 재 가열하여 고온, 고압의 2차 증기를 발생시키는 2차 증기 생성부, 상기 2차 증기 생성부로부터 발생된 2차 증기를 공급받아 이를 고압의 압축 공기를 매개로 외부로 분사하는 분사 장치부, 및 상기 2차 증기와 상기 압축 공기의 분사를 조절하는 개폐 조절부를 구비한다.
id-KR101567858B1    abstract-본 발명은 천연가스 등의 연료가스를 엔진에 공급하는 시스템에 관한 것으로서, 더욱 상세하게는 액화가스를 저장 및 수송하는 선박의 추진기관에 연료가스를 공급하기 위해서 천연가스를 기화시킬 때, 기화에 필요한 열원으로서 선박의 내부에 설치된 쿨링 장치의 냉각 회로에서의 폐열을 회수하여 사용하는 연료가스 공급 시스템에 관한 것이다. 본 발명에 따른 연료가스 공급 시스템은, 액화가스를 수용하기 위한 액화가스 저장탱크와 액화가스를 연료가스로서 사용하는 엔진을 구비한 선박에서 연료가스를 엔진에 공급하기 위한 시스템으로서, 상기 액화가스 저장탱크(110)와 상기 엔진(130) 사이에 설치되어 액화가스를 기화시키기 위한 기화기(120); 상기 기화기(120)에서 액화가스를 기화하는데 필요한 열을 공급하기 위해서 열공급 매체인 기화용 열매체를 상기 기화기(120)에 순환시키는 열매체 회로(200);를 포함하되, 상기 열매체 회로(200)는 상기 선박에 장착된 발열 장비(70)들을 냉각시키는 쿨링 장치(10)의 냉매로부터 폐열을 회수하여 상기 기화용 열매체에 전달하는 것;을 특징으로 한다.
id-KR101378994B1    abstract-본 발명은, 엔진의 배기가스가 배출되는 경로 상에 배치되고, 엔진에서 배출된 고온 고압의 배기가스에 수분을 혼합하여 저온 고압의 가스와 수증기를 발생하는 혼합부; 상기 혼합부에서 발생한 저온 고압의 가스와 수증기에 의해 회전하는 팽창터빈; 상기 팽창 터빈의 회전력을 인가받아 동력을 발생하는 발전기; 상기 팽창터빈의 회전력을 인가받아 동작하고, 상기 팽창터빈을 통과한 저온 저압의 가스와 응축수를 압축하여 저온 상압의 가스와 응축수를 배출하는 압축터빈; 및 상기 압축터빈에서 배출된 가스와 응축수를 분리하여 배출하는 기액분리부를 포함하는 엔진의 배기열을 이용한 발전 장치를 제공한다. 상기와 같이 구성된 본 발명은, 차량 엔진에서 배출되는 고온 고압의 배기가스에 수분을 공급하여 저온 고압의 배기가스와 수증기를 발생시키고 이를 이용하여 전원을 생산할 수 있고, 외부로 배출되는 배기가스를 이용하여 전원을 생산하므로 차량의 안전 운행과 운전자의 편의를 위한 장비의 사용을 위한 전원 공급을 위해 엔진의 회전력을 이용하지 않아 차량의 주행 성능 저하를 방지할 수 있다.
id-KR20130057593A    abstract-본 발명은 선박엔진 배가스를 이용한 선박용 복합발전시스템에 관한 것으로, 그 목적은 선박 주기엔진으로부터 배출되는 배기기스에 의해 가스터빈 발전부 및 스팀터빈 발전부를 구동시켜 선박 전기생성을 위한 보기엔진을 대체할 수 있는 선박엔진 배가스를 이용한 선박용 복합발전시스템을 제공하는 것이다.  본 발명은 선박 추진용 주기엔진 및 보기엔진과, 선박추진용 주기엔진의 배기가스가 공급되는 터보차저와, 상기 터보차저에서 배출되는 배기가스가 공급되는 열교환기와, 상기 열교환기와 연결되고, 열교환기내 배기가스와의 열교환을 통해 예비가열된 압축공기가 연소기내로 공급되며, 압축기가 선박추진용 주기엔진과 연결되는 가스터빈 발전부와, 상기 터보차저에서 배출되는 배기가스 또는 열교환기에서 열교환된 배기가스가 공급되는 보일러와, 상기 보일러와 연결되고, 보일러내로 공급된 배기가스와의 열교환을 통해 발생된 스팀에 의해 구동되는 스팀터빈 발전부를 포함한다.
id-WO2013071373A1    abstract-A Hydrogen fuel injection system for an internal combustion engine (1), including a energy transfer system (41) for the internal combustion engine comprising a heat recovery device (11) for recovering heat from an exhaust (2) of the internal combustion engine (1), and a water producing device (5) for producing water (7) using the recovered heat.
id-KR20130055805A    abstract-본 발명은 배기열 회수 에너지 환원 장치에 관한 것으로서, 보다 상세하게는 배기열 회수 에너지를 엔진으로 환원하는 배기열 회수 에너지 환원 장치에 관한 것이다. 이를 위해, 본 발명은 내연 기관, 상기 내연 기관으로부터 배기가스를 수용하고 배기가스의 배기열을 회전력으로 전환하는 익스팬더, 상기 익스팬더로부터 발생되는 동력이 출력되는 구동 전달 부재 및 상기 구동 전달 부재의 동력을 공급받는 동력 인출 장치를 포함하고, 상기 동력 인출 장치의 동력을 엔진으로 공급하는 것을 특징으로 하는 배기열 회수 에너지 환원 장치를 제공한다.
