id-WO2017152420A1    abstract-A heat recovery fan comprises a housing (10), at least one air supply fan (30), at least one air extraction fan (40), a heat exchange system (70), a treatment and control system (20), and at least one drive motor (50) in communication with a treatment and control system (20); The heat exchange system (70) comprises at least one set of heat transfer material sheets (71) which isolate two sets of heat exchange air flow channels in the heat exchange system (70); The drive motor (50) has a rotating shaft (51) with two ends extending out from both sides of the drive motor (50) body, and the axis of the rotating shaft (51) is perpendicular or approximately perpendicular to the superposition direction of the heat transfer material sheet (71); The superposition interval of the heat transfer material sheet (71) has two geometric planes perpendicular to the superposition direction and the rotating shaft (51) is sandwiched in the middle; The air supply fan (30) and the air extraction fan (40) are equal in number and installed in pairs, facing away from each other, at both ends of the rotating shaft (51).
id-WO2017183689A1    abstract-We provide an outdoor air treatment system that demonstrates sufficient dehumidification ability and reduces the load applied to dehumidification. External air treatment system 1 includes: supply air path 100 that supplies the external air to air conditioning space A; exhaust air path 200 that discharging the air from air conditioning space A; The regenerative part 3 is arranged on the downstream side of the total heat exchange part 2 of air supply 100, and is arranged on the downstream side of the regenerative part 3 of air supply 100. The regenerative part 3 includes the heating coil 31 for heating the external air, the regenerative side 32 of the selective rotor R through which the external air heated by the heating coil 31 passes, and the regenerative part 3 of the air supply path 100. A dehumidification part 4 includes a cooling coil 41, which is set to cool the external air passing through the regeneration side 32 of the decoupling rotor R, and a dehumidification part 42, which is set to remove the external air passing through the decoupling side 32 of the decoupling rotor R.
id-US10690358B2    abstract-Air conditioning units, systems, and methods that control temperature and humidity within a space in a building, for example, using a recovery wheel, a desiccant-based or passive dehumidification wheel, a primary cooling coil; and a secondary direct-expansion refrigeration circuit that includes a secondary circuit compressor, a secondary circuit evaporator coil, and a secondary circuit condenser coil. In various embodiments, the system forms a supply airstream that passes outdoor air first through the recovery wheel, then through the primary cooling coil, then through the secondary circuit evaporator coil, then through the dehumidification wheel, and then to the space. Further, in many embodiments, the system forms an exhaust airstream that passes return air from the space first through the secondary circuit condenser coil, then through the dehumidification wheel, and then through the recovery wheel. In some embodiments, various quantities of heat and moisture are transferred between the two airstreams.

id-EP3258184A1    abstract-A building, in particular a Schwimmhalle device, which exchanges moisture and heat, consists of an enclosure (2) with Ablufteinlass(10) and a Fortluftauslass(16), which is up before Stromungskanal (20), with Aussenlufteinla ss(14) and a Zuluftauslass(12), the second is Stromungskanal (18) up. The air duct (22) forms a variable repeater (22) when the exhaust (28) exchanges heat with the outside air (30), and the vacuum cleaner acts as a humidity heater between the exhaust (28) and the outside air (30). In a steady-state plant, where the air is contaminated by at least 90%, and preferably at least 100%, the air (30) is vacuumed to the required absolute humidity by the vacuum cleaner (22) without the condensation stage.
id-US11391474B2    abstract-Embodiments of the present disclosure include an air handling module. The air handling module may comprise an exchanger within a housing, a first manifold positioned on a first side of the housing and including a first pair of ports on a first end and a second pair of ports on a second end, and a second manifold positioned on a second side of the housing and including a first pair of ports on a first end and a second pair of ports on a second end. The first pairs of ports may be in fluid communication to transfer air through the exchanger and between the first and second manifolds, and the second pairs of ports may be in fluid communication to transfer air through the exchanger and between the first and second manifolds.

id-US10274212B2    abstract-A combined gas-compressor and dehumidifier system composed of a gas compressor for compressing a first gas, a dehumidifier for dehumidifying a second gas, and a cooling system. The gas compressor is composed of one or more compression stages and one or more intercoolers, wherein the one or more intercoolers are connected to a cooling system. The dehumidifier for dehumidifying a second gas is composed of a first dehumidifying stage that uses a first desiccant to adsorb water from the second gas and output a second intermediate gas, a second dehumidifying stage that uses a second desiccant to adsorb water from the second intermediate gas, and a waste heat exchanger, wherein the waste heat exchanger is used to reactivate the first desiccant. The cooling system is composed of a liquid contained in connectors, and the connectors connecting the one or more intercoolers to remove heat from the gas compressor and provide the removed heat to the dehumidifier.

id-US9631824B1    abstract-A method and system for conditioning air utilizing a liquid desiccant and the ability to use low grade and clean renewable heat sources for heating, cooling, dehumidifying and humidifying air as well as regenerating desiccant, with a low temperature differential for inlet and outlet air. Said system provides some filtering, purifying and sterilization of air. Said system may have low resistance through the system to lower fan energy. Said system may have low resistance through system pipework to lower pump energy.

id-WO2018064789A1    abstract-The utility model relates to an environmentally friendly and high-efficiency air conditioner circulation device, which not only solves the water and hot air discharged by the air conditioner (1), but also produces fresh air required by human beings. The system uses the structure of a general air conditioner (1) to set up a tank (2) in the interior, the tank (2) on the one hand collects the water discharged by the air conditioner (1), on the other hand, the hot air discharged by the air conditioner (1), depending on the pressure, such as the blower from the tank (2) under the tank (2) into the bottom of the tank (2), the tank (2) has activated carbon (3) can filter the impurities in the hot air, The collected water will cool the hot air to normal temperature, and release the fresh air needed by human beings with the purification of water and activated carbon (3).
id-EP3309472A1    abstract-Special gas tanks responsible for some cheaper alternatives, the ceramic Warmespeichermassen in Raumbeluftungsvorrichtungen proposed would solve the problem of metal installations supplied in and out of the Sandwichbandern made of metal, holy edits, metallbands and an upper angeo rdnetes plissiertes or wellenformiges Metallband leader. In the grooves of these two metal ribbons, a silicate or Zeolithe coat of arms is embedded on one side of at least one of the ribbons.
