id-WO2019145024A1    abstract-Evaporative heat transfer device (10) for cooling air, comprising a heat exchanger (20), having a plurality of auxiliary passageways (30) and a plurality of main passageways (32), wherein the auxiliary passageways (30) and the main passageways (32) are separated from each other by at least one heat exchange wall (60) in common to exchange heat, a mist chamber (56) and a mist generator (74) connected to the mist chamber (56) designed to inject microscopic water droplets in the auxiliary air (12) in the mist chamber (56) to form in operation a mist with an absolute humidity equal or higher than the dew point absolute humidity; and the absolute humidity is equal or higher than the dew point absolute humidity over at least 50% of the total length of the auxiliary passageways (30). Preferably, the mist generator (74) injects pressurized water in the form of microscopic water droplets.

id-US20200408425A1    abstract-The device and method of the invention are adapted to control temperature and humidity of the air in some defined volume such as a room in a house. The device consists of a quantity of hygroscopic material and means for passing air past or through the material. Direct temperature and humidity control occur when air is conditioned (heated and dried by sorption heating, or cooled and humidified by absorption cooling) and sent inside the room; indirect control is also possible, by affecting the temperature of the walls (the sorption material may occupy channels or spaces within the walls, which are then heated/cooled, indirectly heating/cooling the air in the room by conduction). A fan or blower will allow for forced convection of air in a desired path (e.g from outside the house, over/through the sorption material, and into the house, or in the opposite direction). A second fan and valves allow for more complex operations.

id-US11268722B2    abstract-The present disclosure relates to a heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) system that includes an energy recovery conduit that is configured to extend between and fluidly couple an outlet of a central housing of an outdoor HVAC unit and a condenser section of the outdoor HVAC unit.

id-US20190264931A1    abstract-A desiccant cooling system includes a desiccant module mounted in a division plate to be rotatable and having a side mounted in a desiccant cooling path through which indoor air moves and another side mounted in a regeneration path through which outdoor air moves, a preliminary cooler mounted at an upstream of the desiccant module in the desiccant cooling path and configured to cool the indoor air flowing into the desiccant cooling path; and a main cooler mounted at a downstream of the desiccant module in the desiccant cooling path, and configured to cool the indoor air dehumidified by passing through the desiccant module and supply the cooled indoor air to an air-conditioning space, wherein a dew-point temperature of the indoor air dehumidified by passing through the side of the desiccant module is less than a temperature of the main cooler.

id-JPWO2019181864A1    abstract-The dehumidification rotor 1, which has regeneration zone 1b, purge zone 1c and adsorption zone 1a in sequence along the rotation direction of the rotor, and the first channel 2a connecting the output side of the dehumidification rotor and the input side of the regeneration zone, and the dehumidification low A closed loop tube 2 is provided, which includes a second tube section 2b connecting the output side of the reproduction zone and the input side of the purge zone. The first channel part is provided with vent 5, fan 3 and heater 4. Set cooler 6 in the second channel section. The condensate drainage mechanism 6a is connected to the cooler. In addition, a treatment air inlet pipe 7 is provided for introducing air to be dehumidified into the adsorption zone of the dehumidifying robot, and a humidifying air outlet pipe 8 is provided for discharging dry air from the adsorption zone.
id-US20210023502A1    abstract-A humidity control element includes a plurality of flat plate members stacked in a state where a first flow path or a second flow path is formed in each space between the flat plate members. Heat is exchangeable between the first flow path and the second flow path via the flat plate members. Each of the flat plate member is formed of any one material of a resin, paper, glass, a metal, and a ceramic, a metal organic framework MIL-101 (Cr) containing chromium as a metal is held on any one of an inner surface of the first flow path and an inner surface of the second flow path, and a switching time between a dehumidification operation and a regeneration operation is relatively long.

id-WO2019194097A1    abstract-The air conditioner has a refrigerant circuit for outdoor use, the first air-conditioning unit is placed outdoors, the indoor refrigerant circuit is connected to the outdoor refrigerant circuit, and the second air-conditioning unit (10) is placed outdoors, and the humidified air is produced by taking moisture in the outside air Humidification unit 20 supplies humidifying air to the second air conditioning unit 10. Humidification unit 20 is integrated with the second air conditioning unit 10.
id-WO2019234872A1    abstract-The heat exchange ventilation device (100) includes a plate part (1c) as the first plate part with supply air intake port (5) and exhaust air outlet (8), a plate part (1d) as the second plate part with supply air outlet (6) and exhaust air outlet (8), and a plate part as the third plate part Part (1a) and plate part (1b), which is the fourth plate part, include the supply air path as the supply air path from the supply air intake port (5) through the heat exchanger (4) to the supply air outlet (6); Between the housing (1) and the first plate part and the heat exchanger (4), the air supply filter is inserted into the air supply channel on the side of the third plate than the air supply filter, through the air supply channel from the fourth plate part. 13) and an exhaust filter (14) inserted between the second plate part and the heat exchanger (4) through the air supply path from the fourth plate part and into the air supply path on the side of the third plate.
id-US11181294B2    abstract-An air conditioning apparatus saves space, has a low cost and a high energy efficiency. In a former stage, total heat exchange is carried out in a total heat exchange rotor which performs heat exchange between the return air from the indoor space and outdoor air. A passive desiccant rotor, if provided, may eliminate a the need for a regenerative heat source in a latter stage. Latent heat exchange is performed in a heat pump circuit which exchanges heat between the outdoor air and the return air which have undergone total heat exchange. Further, the air conditioning apparatus may realize reduction of the total cost of equipment by eliminating the outdoor unit, and may realize reduction of on-site construction cost after the installation of the equipment and shortening of the construction term.

id-US20200011549A1    abstract-An air conditioning system that includes an energy recovery ventilator that transfers energy between a supply air stream and an exhaust air stream. Downstream of the energy recovery ventilator are multiple refrigeration circuits that reject heat into both the supply air stream and the exhaust air stream. The use of the multiple refrigeration circuits eliminates the need to mount outdoor equipment and provide piping for a cooling system.

id-JP2021167675A    abstract-[problem] there is a problem of providing a humidification unit that can increase the humidification amount even when the amount of regenerated air is limited. Since the temperature of the air heated by the first heating device 41 drops after passing through the first water release region 51b, the heat energy of the air heated by the first heating device 41 is insufficient even if it enters the second water release region 52b. Therefore, the air passing through the first moisture release region 51b is heated by the second heating device 42, which provides heat energy, and then enters the second moisture release region 52b. This makes it possible to increase the amount of humidification even when the amount of regenerated air is limited. Figure 1a is the selection diagram.
id-US20200009500A1    abstract-A device for exchange of water molecule and temperature between two fluids. The device comprises thin molecular sieve membrane sheets that allow water molecules to permeate through while blocking cross-over of the exchanging fluids. The device provides two sets of flow channels having a hydraulic diameter ranged from 0.5 to 2.0 mm for respective process and sweep fluid flows. The two sets of the channels are separated by a membrane sheet having a thickness less than 200 μm. The thin molecule sieve membrane may be prepared by forming an ultra-thin zeolite membrane layer on a porous metal-based support sheet which provides very high water permeance so that the exchange can be conducted in a compact membrane module at high throughput. The device can be used to remove water from a process stream of higher water content by use of a sweep fluid of lower water content or higher water affinity. For example, the device can be used to condition outdoor fresh air close to the temperature and humidity of indoor air by conducting humidity and heat exchange between the fresh air flow drawn from outdoors and waste air discharged indoors.

id-WO2020045003A1    abstract-The heat exchange element (115) with heat transfer plate (113) and multiple ribs (114) arranged in parallel on one side of the heat transfer plate (113) are stacked together to form an exhaust air path (116) and an air supply air path (117) alternately. The exhaust (103) circulating the exhaust (116) and the air supply (104) circulating the exhaust (117) are heat exchange elements (106) through the heat transfer plate (113), and the ribs (114) are multiple hygroscopic ribs. It is composed of fiber components and has a protective layer (130) covering the end face of the rib (114).
id-US20200107467A1    abstract-An electronic equipment enclosure which regulates incoming outside air to within the operational limits of the electronic equipment within is described. The enclosure recirculates the wasted heat from the equipment to regulate both the temperature and humidity within the enclosure to acceptable levels without relying on any heating or air conditioning component. Thus, the enclosure assembly relies entirely on air flow for regulating the temperature inside the enclosure. Additionally, the recirculation feature of the enclosure allows the electronic equipment to operate at outside temperatures much lower than the stated operational range by modifying the temperature of the intake air of the equipment. A method of controlling the temperature inside an enclosure is also described.

