id-US20140190037A1    abstract-An energy exchange system is configured to provide dry supply air to an enclosed structure. The system may include an energy transfer device having a first portion configured to be disposed within a supply air flow path and a second portion configured to be disposed within a regeneration air flow path. The energy transfer device is configured to decrease a humidity level of supply air. The energy transfer device is configured to be regenerated with regeneration air. The system may also include a first heat exchanger configured to be disposed within the supply air flow path downstream from the energy transfer device and within the regeneration air flow path upstream from the second portion of the energy transfer device. The first heat exchanger is configured to transfer sensible energy between the supply air and the regeneration air. The supply air is configured to be supplied to the enclosed structure after passing through the energy transfer device and the first heat exchanger.

id-JP2014134324A    abstract-[problem] we provide a total heat exchanger that can reduce the amount of air leakage at the intersection between the exhaust side passage and the supply side passage and improve airtightness. The solution is a total heat exchanger that alternately glues and laminates a partition plate 1 with moisture permeability and an interval plate 2 that maintains the height of the flow path, and forms a air supply side passage S and an exhaust side passage E for heat and moisture exchange between the partition plate 1. The intake part 3 is formed at the intersection where the intake surface through the air and the exhaust surface through the exhaust cross each other, and the cover 4 covering the intake part 3 is arranged in the intake part 3. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US10234152B2    abstract-An air conditioner disclosed herein includes a cooling/heating module including a thermoelastic material and an actuator applying tension to the thermoelastic material and a switching control section selectively applying or removing tension to/from the thermoelastic material.

id-EP2787294B1    abstract-

id-EP2971992B1    abstract-

id-EP2796802B1    abstract-

id-US20200049428A1    abstract-A fluid channel formed with generally triangular-shaped performance enhancement features is disclosed. The fluid channels may be incorporated into heat exchanger or humidifier devices, the performance enhancement features generally having heat transfer and/or mass transfer performance enhancement applications. The heat transfer or mass transfer enhancement features are formed along the inner surfaces of the fluid flow passages of either the heat exchanger or humidifier plates and generally have sharp leading edges that create vortices in the fluid flowing through the passages. The heat or mass transfer enhancements protrude out of the inner surface of the fluid flow passages while leaving the outer surface of the fluid channel free of perforations. Alternatively, heat or mass transfer enhancements may be formed on separate inserts that are affixed to the inner surface of the fluid flow passages. The heat or mass transfer enhancements can be formed in metal plates or plastic plates using a variety of manufacturing techniques.

id-JP6352915B2    abstract-

id-US20160109143A1    abstract-Device for removing moisture and/or another substance from ambient air or from a gas, the device being configured to operate alternately in an adsorption phase and a desorption phase. The device comprises a vessel comprising an entry and an exit which comprise valves allowing the exit and entry to be opened and closed and a body of adsorption material positioned inside the vessel dividing the inside of the vessel in an upstream region and a downstream region. The device further comprises a condenser loop comprising a condenser located outside the vessel, a branch conduit which extends from the vessel to the condenser and which allows a branch flow of air or gas to flow from the downstream region to the condenser, and a condenser return conduit which extends from the condenser to the vessel and which allows the branch flow to return from the condenser to the upstream region of the vessel. The device further comprises at least one main return conduit for returning a main return flow of air or gas from the downstream region to the upstream region while bypassing the condenser.

id-US20180087786A1    abstract-A system and method for power generation and/or distribution and for providing air conditioning is disclosed, that is particularly suitable for localized consumption. Power generation includes a combined cooling, heating and power system (CCHP) containing a gas or liquid fueled internal combustion engine with a generator and heat recovery system for providing electrical power and heat for local consumption. The CCHP system includes an integrated cooling system for cooling a local environment, using either vapor compression and/or heat pump and/or evaporative cooling technology. The CCHP system also contains an energy management unit allowing CCHP system and local area electrical needs in whole or in part to be powered by either the CCHP generator and/or a communal electrical grid and/or renewable energy sources and/or a battery storage network.

id-US20200018495A1    abstract-A method is disclosed for supplying air conditioned air to a residence or building interior. The method entails positioning a heat and mass exchanger to discharge conditioned air into the residence or building interior. Further, a rotatable desiccant wheel dehumidifier in positioned in fluid communication with the h 5 eat and mass exchanger. Supply air is received and treated in the dehumidifier, thereby supplying dry air to the heat and mass exchanger and exhausting hot humid air. The heat and mass exchanger is positioned and configured to received dry air from the dehumidifier and supply cooler dry air to the residence or building interior, or other target environment. A system is also disclosed for operating the described air supplying or air conditioning method.

id-US9676492B2    abstract-A dehumidifier comprises: a first channel for transporting air at a first pressure; a second channel for transporting air at a second pressure lower than the first pressure; and a graphene oxide barrier separating the first channel and the second channel. The relatively lower pressure of air in the second channel causes water vapor to be drawn out of the air in the first channel.

id-US20160252269A1    abstract-A heat exchange element has a liner sheet high in water vapor transmission properties and gas shielding properties, specifically, and is prepared by combining a piece of single-faced corrugated cardboard 1 constituted of a liner sheet 1 with a carbon dioxide shielding rate of greater than or equal to 95% and a corrugated sheet 1 and a piece of single-faced corrugated cardboard 2 constituted of a liner sheet 2 with a water vapor permeability of greater than or equal to 80 g/m 2 ·hr and a corrugated sheet 2, and a heat exchanger.

