id-WO2022158094A1    abstract-This disclosure provides a humidity controlling device that can easily suppress the deterioration of components due to the humidity release of the humidity controlling device when the operation is stopped. The humidifying device in this disclosure is equipped with a housing, a supply channel for supplying air to the air conditioning object space, an exhaust channel for discharging air to the outside, a supply channel and an exhaust channel for discharging air to the outside, and a heat exchange device in which the air supplied to the air conditioning object space and the air discharged intersect. The heat exchange unit and the air supply side heat exchange unit which are arranged on the downstream side of the heat exchange unit in the air supply path; the heat exchange unit and the exhaust side heat exchange unit which are arranged on the downstream side of the heat exchange unit in the air supply path; and the air supply side which is arranged across the air supply path and the air supply path. In a humidity regulating device comprising a humidity regulating device forming a rotor shape that rotates in a predetermined direction on the downstream side of the heat exchange unit and the exhaust side heat exchange unit, the humidity regulating unit is equipped with a rotating axis along the vertical direction, and the air supply side heat exchange unit and the exhaust side heat exchange unit It is placed in a lower position in the enclosure.
id-US20230243525A1    abstract-A heat exchange system is disclosed which includes an air inlet, a membrane in fluid communication with the air inlet and adapted to have a partial vapor pressure difference across the membrane to thereby drive water vapor flux through the membrane, wherein the membrane is a selective membrane configured to allow passage of water vapor and block passage of air (O 2 /N 2 ) through the membrane, where the membrane includes a thermally conductive side, a vacuum pump configured to generate the partial vapor pressure difference across the membrane, and a heat exchanger coupled to the thermally conductive side of the membrane configured to provide simultaneous mass and heat transfer.

id-US20220381453A1    abstract-A fresh air conditioning system includes a first cooling device having a first cooling end and a first heating end; a dehumidifying rotary defining a first section and a second section. An airflow switching device directs a fresh airflow toward the first cooling end or the first heating end, and then flows to the first section. A return airflow passes through a first heat exchanger, and conducts heat exchange with the other end of the first cooling device, and then flows to the second section. Or switching opposite ends of the first cooling device to selectively cool or heat, the fresh airflow conducts heat exchange with one end of the first cooling device, and then flows to the first section. The return airflow conducts heat exchange with the other end of the cooling device and then flows to the second section.

id-US20220364761A1    abstract-Methods, systems, and devices provided in accordance with various embodiments are generally related to the field of thermal management systems for buildings (or volumes in general), such as cold storage, food processing, or other buildings that have areas that are kept below freezing. Embodiments generally pertain to the management of temperature and humidity within these spaces. Some embodiments include system for the management of moisture and temperature inside cold spaces. Some embodiments include a heat and mass transfer exchanger, such as a direct constant gas liquid heat and mass transfer exchanger. Examples of such heat and mass transfer exchangers generally include wet scrubbers. Embodiments also generally include a series of ducts, pipes, heat exchangers, dampers, and/or valves that may allow the system to provide useful temperature and relative humidity levels to one or more spaces or volumes.

id-US20220390127A1    abstract-A system and method utilize one or more fans each having fan blades. The fan blades have a desiccant material on an outer surface. The desiccant material is operable to adsorb airborne moisture in an ambient airflow and desorb moisture in a heated airflow. The fan blades are operable to drive one or both of the ambient airflow and heated airflow via rotation of the fan.

id-JP2023030647A    abstract-[issue] provide air conditioners that can improve the cooling capacity. The air conditioner has a sensible heat exchanger with the first path through which the first air flows and the second path through which the second air flows, a vaporizing filter, the first water supply unit fed the vaporizing filter, and a second water supply unit fed the second path through the sensible heat exchanger. The second supply unit is arranged relative to the sensible heat exchanger so that the direction of the water supply from the second supply unit to the second path and the direction of the flow of the second air flowing in the second path are in the direction of the flow, and the first air is in the direction of the flow. It passes through the first path of the heat exchanger and the vaporizing filter respectively. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2023058528A1    abstract-The outdoor unit is equipped with a heater that heats the outdoor air, a disk-shaped absorber through which the outdoor air passes, and a cylindrical part that supports the outer surface of the absorber and rotates. After being heated by the heater, the outdoor unit passes through the absorber and faces the indoor unit. The first fan (62a) that generates the air flow, the second fan that generates the air flow through the absorbent material to the outside of the outdoor unit, the motor (62b) that rotates the first fan, and the moke covering the motor (62b) Has bar component (134). The motor cover member (134) has a partition (134a) forming a labyrinth flow path (135) between the outer space (S1) of the motor cover member (134) and the motor (62b).
id-JP7208562B1    abstract-[challenges] to make dehumidification ventilation operation effective. The air harmonization device consists of a moisture regulating element (20) with an adsorption member that adsorbs moisture in the air, and a ventilation part (26) that transmits the processed air generated by adsorbing the moisture contained in the outdoor air to the indoor space (I). The temperature of the above treated air is higher than the temperature of the indoor air. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-US20230135260A1    abstract-The present disclosure provides that the air conditioning system includes a compressor, a condenser, an expansion valve, and an evaporator through which a refrigerant circulates; an indoor unit in which the evaporator is disposed; an outdoor unit; and a dehumidification unit connected to the indoor unit, in which the dehumidification unit includes a regeneration channel including a first outdoor air inlet and an outdoor outlet, a dehumidification channel including an indoor air inlet or a second outdoor air inlet and an indoor supply, a dehumidification rotor disposed between the regeneration channel and the dehumidification channel, and a heat exchange unit disposed between the dehumidification rotor and the first outdoor air inlet in the regeneration channel to heat passing air, and the indoor unit is configured such that the air supplied from the indoor supply unit passes through the evaporator and then is supplied to a room.

