id-US11190065B2    abstract-A flux machine includes a stator and a rotor. A set of electrical coil assemblies with side surfaces and sets of plural permanent magnets are arranged circularly on the stator and the rotor. Pole faces of the magnets are positioned adjacent to and spaced apart from side surfaces of permeable cores of the coil assemblies. In each coil assembly a pair of like pole faces of the magnets mutually face across the permeable core and a third magnet pole face faces transversely relative to the mutually facing pole faces of the pair of magnets.
id-US9458790B2    abstract-A system and method for recuperating energy from a motor vehicle is described in which during an engine overrun period kinetic energy from the slowing motor vehicle is used to drive a high pressure fuel pump at a high demand level so as to store fuel at high pressure in a fuel accumulator for later use by an engine of the motor vehicle.
id-WO2014124468A1    abstract-The present disclosure is directed to systems and methods for reducing and/or harvesting drag energy from transport vehicles. A system in accordance with a particular embodiment includes a mobile transport platform, a donor substance source carried by the platform, and a thermochemical reactor carried by the platform and coupled to the donor substance. The reactor is configured to carry out a non-combustion dissociation process that dissociates the donor substance into a first constituent and a second constituent. An energy extraction system carried by the transport platform and positioned to extract energy from an airstream passing the transport platform is coupled to the reactor to provide energy for the dissociation process.
id-US9714017B2    abstract-The brake controller includes a friction brake device, a regeneration brake device, a required braking force calculating portion, a vehicle motion control portion which distributes the required braking force to the non-regeneration braking side right/left wheels that is either one of the right/left front wheels and right/left rear wheels, a maximum braking force calculating portion which calculates the maximum braking force at each wheel and a braking force control portion-which calculates the regeneration braking force generated at the regeneration braking side right/left wheels within a range where the regeneration braking force to be generated at the regeneration braking side right/left wheels does not exceed a smaller value of the maximum braking forces of the regeneration braking side right/left wheels, based on the required braking force and the distribution of the braking force to the non-regeneration braking side right/left wheels.
id-US9505309B2    abstract-An electric vehicle control device includes a calculation unit that calculates a regenerative-brake-torque load factor when a braking command is detected. The calculation unit includes a brake-torque load-factor determination unit that determines the regenerative-brake-torque load factor according to vehicle speed information that is a detection value of vehicle speed; and a brake-torque load-factor correction unit that corrects the regenerative-brake-torque load factor determined by the brake-torque load-factor determination unit using element temperature information that is temperature information of a switching element included in an inverter.
id-US9272696B2    abstract-A failure diagnosis method for a brake system of a vehicle determines whether the failure occurs in a regenerative braking device, a front-wheel friction braking device or a rear-wheel friction braking device. The method may include comparing a driver's required acceleration/deceleration with a current acceleration/deceleration of the vehicle, determining that a failure has occurred in the brake system of the vehicle when the driver's required acceleration/deceleration is different from the current acceleration/deceleration of the vehicle and comparing a driver's required braking torque with a regenerative braking maximum torque, and determining that the failure does not occur in the brake system of the vehicle when the driver's required acceleration/deceleration is substantially equal to the current acceleration/deceleration of the vehicle.
id-US20140297147A1    abstract-Vehicle mass is estimated in a hybrid motor vehicle. Upon determination of a significant change in vehicle mass, adjustments are made to control of the regenerative braking systems and to energy storage levels to improve fuel efficiency. Upon determination of an increase in vehicle mass, the amount of braking force applied to the vehicle by the regenerative braking system in response to brake pedal movement is increased in order to capture more braking energy before friction braking is used.
id-WO2014177422A1    abstract-The invention relates to a device (1) managed by a Brennkraftmaschine Gaswechselventils(2)(3), and a verschiebbaren Ventilglied(4), on which brennraumfernen ends a named two pistons (5). Either (7) separated from each other,Steuerventil uses Hochdruckpumpe(8) and (9) to Beaufschlagung at least one, or (7) Hydraulikflussigkeit. Key designs in this regard include a water pressure buffer memory (10) with a high pressure pump, where the hydraulic solution required for the compressible arch pump (5) and valve (4) can be stored under pressure, and a motor control device (11). That is, the high pressure pump (8) is started when the three power transmission coils (3) are running, so that the car can be an energy-saving car (13) in the reactor reactor water.
id-US10408195B2    abstract-An apparatus for harnessing energy from a wheel travelling on a railroad track includes an elongate body with a plurality of pockets spaced apart along a top surface thereof. Energy collection devices are installed in the pockets, and each includes an actuator extending proud of the top surface. A mounting assembly releasably mounts the body adjacent to the railroad track so that the actuators of the energy collection devices are positioned in a path of the wheel to be actuated thereby. The energy collection devices may be coupled to a low pressure fluid supply reservoir and a high pressure fluid accumulator, and used to pump fluid from the reservoir to the accumulator upon actuation.
id-WO2014165360A1    abstract-A vehicle 100 (Figure 1) includes a braking system 100a (Figure 2) that includes a foundation braking system 111 and a hydraulic braking system 112. According to method 100b (Figures 3 and 4), system controller 117 (Figure 2) at successive steps 120-127 determines when hydraulic regenerative braking system 112 cannot provide full commanded braking torque and acts through proportional treadle valve 116a to provide a proportional transition between an isolated hydraulic braking mode and an isolated foundation braking mode. According to methods 200b (Figures 7-8) and 200b (Figures 9-10), proportional braking is approximated. According to method 300 (Figure 11), hydraulic braking is reduced at the initiation of a braking event based upon the estimated kinetic energy of the vehicle and available capacity for storing that energy.
id-US9145117B2    abstract-A braking device for a vehicle is provided which includes a hydraulic booster to make wheels of the vehicle produce frictional braking force, a solenoid valve installed in a flow path connecting between a brake fluid accumulator and a servo chamber of the hydraulic booster, and a collision avoidance controller. When determining that there is a risk of a collision with an obstacle, the collision avoidance controller opens the first solenoid valve to achieve emergency braking to minimize the risk of the collision. Basically, the emergency braking is achieved only using the solenoid valve, thus allowing an emergency avoidance mechanism of the braking device to be constructed with a minimum of equipment and facilitating the mountability of the braking device in vehicles.
id-US9415692B2    abstract-A vehicle brake hydraulic pressure control apparatus includes a wheel speed acquiring section, a vehicle body deceleration calculator, and a switch section. The wheel speed acquiring section is configured to acquire a wheel speed from a wheel speed sensor. The vehicle body deceleration calculator is configured to calculate a vehicle body deceleration. The switch section is configured to switch control from the regenerative cooperation control to the hydraulic pressure control, based on (i) a wheel deceleration which is determined based on the wheel speed and (ii) the vehicle body deceleration. The vehicle body deceleration calculator is configured to calculate the vehicle body deceleration based on a required deceleration which corresponds to a driver's operation of a braking pedal.
id-JP2015009700A    abstract-[challenges] we provide a braking device for vehicles that can generate hydraulic friction control during the loss stroke even in the case of electrical failure. The vehicle braking device of the present invention is slidily configured in the tubular part 12 and the tubular part 12, and slidily configured in front of the rear wall part 15 moving forward with the operation of the brake operating member and the rear wall part 15 in the tubular part 12. The front wall 33 forms the stroking room 10f with 15, and the front wall 33 advances the master piston 14 through contact with the back wall 15 or the liquid pressure of the stroking room 10f. The reservoir 1 connects to the stroking room 10f through the first first path 90. 9. The lost stroke forming part, including the solenoid valve 91, which is closed when the power is not energizing, and the stroke adjusting device 92, 93 and 9, which are used to adjust the liquid pressure of the stroke room 10f according to the change of the liquid pressure of the stroke room 10f 6 and, prepare. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-EP2818444A1    abstract-This includes a tangential operation operated by a single person. Determining outlet role (9).
id-WO2014207757A1    abstract-A hydraulic regenerative braking system for passenger stock and freight wagons is conceived and described. This invention provides a precisely controlled hydraulic regenerative braking system for a railway vehicle, which utilizes the current pneumatic control system in the locomotive to control the hydraulic energy regenerating system. The pressure from the triple valve of the rolling stocks is controlled by the loco pilot. The operation of pressure control and flow control valves in the control valve block is so that the hydraulic pump in the regenerative system generates the pressure in the hydraulic system thereby reducing the kinetic energy of the train. The torque required to pressurize the system acts as the braking torque. The pressurized fluid is stored in accumulators. This stored energy is used when the train starts and initial torque to be generated by the locomotive is minimized. All the axles are given the feed from the hydraulic pump operated by the pressurized fluid from the accumulators.
id-JP2015000606A    abstract-[challenge] in a hybrid vehicle 1 equipped with a hybrid system that USES both the internal combustion engine 10 and the electric generator 20 as the driving source for the vehicle 1, the vehicle is equipped with a hybrid system that makes maximum use of braking energy as charging energy. We provide a hybrid vehicle and a control method that can ensure sufficient braking torque during deceleration of both units. If only the regenerative torque T1 of the electric generator 20 is sufficient, only the regenerative torque T1 of the electric generator 20 is applied. If not enough, the rotation of the electric generator 20 is applied. In addition to the original torque T1, the braking torque T2 is generated by the compression open brake. In addition, when the target required braking torque Tt is not enough between the regenerative torque T1 of the electric generator 20 and the braking torque T2 generated by the compressed open brake, the braking torque T3 generated by the exhaust brake 12 is applied. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2015008060A2    abstract-A vehicle, such as an automobile, is provided with friction (1) and regenerative (3,4,5) braking systems. A sensor (15) detects an obstacle in the vehicle's path and a brake controller (5), when operated by a user, automatically deploys either or both braking systems to decelerate the vehicle so that its speed corresponds to that of the obstacle when the vehicle is a predetermined distance from the obstacle. The brake controller is arranged to deploy the braking systems in order to optimise recovery of kinetic energy by the regenerative braking system. The brake controller may be operated in a standard mode, in which it deploys the braking systems to provide a retarding force on the vehicle which depends on a driver's input. The brake controller may be controlled by a brake pedal (9). The pedal may have a position part way along its travel at which resistance to further travel temporarily increases and operation of the pedal beyond that position causes the brake controller to operate in the standard mode.
id-US9308897B2    abstract-A brake control device is provided that can reduce the driver's uncomfortable feeling even when operation amount detection means is broken down. When abnormality determination means  71  for determining abnormality of a pedal stroke sensor  3  determines that the operation amount detection means is abnormal, a predetermined regenerative torque is set to the generator (rotary electric machine)  9  upon sensing the pressing of a brake pedal by a stop lamp switch  4 , and a predetermined maximum regenerative torque is set to the generator (rotary electric machine)  9  upon sensing the pressing of the pedal by a cruise control switch  42.
id-JP2016165165A    abstract-[issues] the actual torque of the motor related to regenerative braking is not detected and the actual torque is not compensated according to the error factors of the motor. The inverter control unit controls the power supplied from the battery, the motor controls the torque used by the inverter control unit to drive or brake the drive wheel, and the braking unit generates the regenerative power from the motor to the battery during braking. In the braking control device of the electric vehicle, which includes a braking control part 9 that controls the sharing of torque and braking torque based on electronically controlled friction brakes, the inverter control part also estimates the actual torque of the motor based on the regenerative power of the motor. Turk estimation section 57, 58, 59, 60 and the braking torque command values and torque estimation section 57, 58, 59 A braking control device for electric vehicles is characterized by a feedback control unit that feedback the braking torque output by the motor based on the difference from the actual torque estimated by 60. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-US10363821B2    abstract-A method for controlling regenerative braking of a vehicle is provided, in which a driving area of a motor is decided when shifting gears during regenerative braking, and an amount of regenerative braking is determined based on the decided result. The method includes a first process of deciding whether motor torque is in a constant power mode, a second process of deciding whether the motor torque is in a constant torque mode, and a third process of deciding whether the mode of the motor torque is converted into the constant torque mode from the constant power mode.
id-US20160200295A1    abstract-Provided is a vehicle braking force controller that can realize both improvement of passengers' riding comfort and feeling, and quick responsiveness, and that is excellent in stability against noise. The vehicle braking force controller provides a braking force command value in response to a stroke amount of a brake pedal operated by a driver, to a braking device which provides braking force to wheels. A stroke amount detection unit which detects a stroke amount inputted to the brake pedal is provided. A path-corresponding braking force command value changing unit is provided which changes the relationship between the stroke amount and the braking force command value determined based on the stroke amount, in response to an increase-decrease path that the stroke amount inputted from the brake pedal is following.
id-WO2015045436A1    abstract-In the regenerative coordination brake control device 10, the total of the regenerative braking power generated by the motor 108 as the regenerative braking power generation device of the vehicle and the friction braking power generated by the brake mechanism 122 as the friction braking power generation device of the vehicle is the target braking power. Control to become a force. Target braking force determination section 1010 determines the target braking force according to the operation amount of brake pedal 102, and when the vehicle speed of 20 is less than the specified vehicle speed, it can set the target braking force relative to the operation amount of brake pedal 102 and the vehicle speed is specified. Implement the braking force suppression control that determines the value of the braking force less than the target braking force for the operation amount when the speed is above the vehicle speed.
id-WO2015046460A1    abstract-The braking system of the vehicle is equipped with a second motor that provides regenerative power control to the vehicle, and a hydraulic control device that provides hydraulic power control to the vehicle by adjusting the liquid pressure in the cylinder of the wheel corresponding to the wheel. In order to reduce the speed, the BPR is reduced and the pressure BPP is increased. And the vehicle braking system controller was myself, huh, some control before agreements and decompression amount used PmcTh based on recovery limit the BPR power.
id-US10155447B2    abstract-To provide a drive control device of a moving body capable of increasing a regeneration amount without hindering a driver's brake operation and causing too much deceleration. A drive control device of a moving body that updates a regenerative pattern of a driving motor of the moving body including a brake that generates a braking force by being linked to an operation amount of a brake pedal, the drive control device including an external world information acquisition unit that acquires external world information and a brake detector that detects ON/OFF of the brake, wherein when the brake detector detects ON, the regenerative pattern is changed based on the external world information acquired by the external world information acquisition unit such that a braking distance only decreases.
