id-US10106040B2    abstract-A hybrid electric vehicle (HEV) and methods for operation having a powertrain that includes an engine, an electric machine and storage battery, and a transmission coupled via a drive shaft to wheels having regenerative-friction brakes. The HEV and transmission incorporate regenerative and adaptive braking and a capability to detect nearby obstacles and other vehicles. Such controllers monitor and report the nearby-vehicle distance and a brake pedal tip-lift time and position. In response, the controller(s) cause the electric machine to generate electric power with negative torque, which decelerates the transmission and wheels at a constant or variable rate, adjusted so the nearby-vehicle distance during deceleration equals or exceeds a predetermined, lead-lag distance to nearby vehicles or obstacles. An adaptive cruise signal may also be generated that may indicate driver vehicle preferred settings and profiles, and constant, adjustable, learned, and driver selectable deceleration profiles, which are utilized to control deceleration during braking.
id-US20180209524A1    abstract-A series hydrostatic transmission for a vehicle having a wheel where the transmission comprises a hydraulic pump and a hydraulic motor each having a pumping mode and motoring mode. The pump and motor each have cylinders of cyclically varying working volume in which hydraulic fluid displacement through each cylinder is regulated and in phased relationship to cycles of cylinder working volume with reference to a phase signal. The transmission has a first mode in which the pump and motor are fluidly connected to each other, a second mode in which energy from hydraulic fluid pressurised by the motor in the pumping mode is transferred to an energy store, and a third mode in which energy from the energy store drives the motor, and wherein the motor comprises a valve assembly disposed between a high pressure line and a working chamber of the motor.
id-JP2018122741A    abstract-[challenges] to improve the response of vehicle brake systems that include a hydraulic brake system. The electric motor 62 that drives the pump as the high pressure source of the hydraulic brake device is arranged in two coils 146, It is a two-system motor with 148, and it is equipped with a battery 124 and a capacitor 154 as the power source for the operation of the electric motor. In the normal mode where the output of the electric motor is relatively small, it is also the first drive. The pump is driven by the power supplied from the battery via the circuit 150, and in the high-power mode in which the electric motor requires a relatively large output, the power from the battery and the capacitor are supplied via the second drive circuit 152. Power and drive the pump in both. Select diagram: figure 6
id-WO2018135614A1    abstract-The braking control device generates braking force on the wheel WH by pumping the braking fluid from the master cylinder MC to the wheel cylinder WC. The braking controller includes the first rack RKF and second rack RKS, which form the input rod RDI, the output rod RDO, the first and second electric motors MTF and MTS, and the differential mechanism DFR. By controlling the output of the first and second electric motors MTF and MTS, the operating force FBP of the input rod RDI and the displacement Sro of the output rod RDO are controlled independently. Here, in the second rack RKS, the movement of the reverse direction HRS corresponding to the reduction in the liquid pressure of the master cylinder is limited to the range of the predetermined displacement HRG by the two stoppers STS and STR.
id-US10391991B2    abstract-An electric automobile braking device includes a master cylinder that has no vacuum booster and a hydraulic booster device that can increase a brake fluid pressure generated by the master cylinder. Switching is possible between a normal braking mode in which hydraulic braking and regenerative braking are used in combination when a percentage charge of a battery is less than a threshold value and a regenerative braking restriction mode in which hydraulic braking is permitted and regenerative braking is restricted when the percentage charge is a threshold value or greater. In the regenerative braking restriction mode, when a depressing force of a brake pedal by a driver exceeds a first depressing force over a predetermined period of time, an operation of the hydraulic booster device is suppressed.
id-US11117457B2    abstract-An axle drive unit may be employed by an electrically-driven motor vehicle having at least one drive axle. The axle drive unit may include at least one electric motor for generating a drive torque and at least one gearing (or transmission) for transmitting the drive torque to the drive axle. The electric motor and the gearing may form a structural unit. The axle drive unit allows a drive train of a motor vehicle to have the simplest, weight-saving construction possible. To achieve this, power electronics and an electromechanical service brake system may be integrated into the structural unit. The electromechanical service brake system may be configured as an inboard service brake system for transmitting braking power to the drive axle.
id-US10864822B2    abstract-A vehicle drive system that ensures brake force in the event of failure of a brake device or a controller. In vehicle drive system, a first brake device applies a brake torque to a pair of front wheels and a second brake device applies a brake torque to a pair of rear wheels. A first brake system includes a first controller and the first brake device, and a second brake system includes a second controller and the second brake device. In the event of occurrence of failure in one of the first brake system and the second brake system, only the other brake system generates brake torque.
id-WO2018150438A1    abstract-A regenerative braking system (50) for a cycle rickshaw (100) is provided herein. The regenerative braking system (50) includes a central hollow shaft (20) provided on a rickshaw main shaft (30). The regenerative braking system (50) further includes a handle section (24) located near main handle of the rickshaw. The regenerative braking system (50) further includes a gear section (25) having a first bevel gear (19), a second bevel gear (10), a third bevel gear (13), and a fourth bevel gear (15). The regenerative braking system (50) further includes a spring section (26) configured to store energy of the second bevel gear (10) in a spring (1), based on engagement of the first bevel gear (19) and the second bevel gear (10) during rotation of the central hollow shaft (20). The spring section (26) is further configured to release energy based on disengagement of the first bevel gear (19) and the second bevel gear (10) to effect the movement of the cycle rickshaw (100) in a forward direction.
id-US10443711B2    abstract-A vehicle having a controller is provided. The controller may be configured to, responsive to identification of a braking event predicted to occur in the future, hydraulically charge an accumulator, and responsive to a pressure of the accumulator exceeding a first threshold, cease charging the accumulator, and satisfy transmission line pressure demand with pressure from the accumulator to begin depleting the accumulator to a before initiation of the braking event.
id-WO2018185720A1    abstract-A method (300) for controlling the regenerative braking torque of a vehicle (100), the vehicle (100) comprising at least one first axle on which at least one first moving member (R1) of the vehicle (100) is mounted and at least one second axle on which at least one second moving member (R2) of the vehicle (100) is mounted, the vehicle (100) further comprising a braking system (200) comprising a first plurality of components (201) operatively associated with said at least one first axle and a second plurality of components (201) operatively associated with said at least one second axle, the vehicle (100) comprising at least one traction and regenerative braking supply module (203) configured to provide the regenerative braking torque to one or more regenerative braking torque actuation modules with which the vehicle (100) is provided, the vehicle (100) further comprising a battery module (2) and at least one data processing unit (204) operatively connected to said at least one traction and regenerative braking supply module (203), to the first plurality of components (201) of the braking system (200), to the second plurality of components (202) of the braking system (200). The method (300) comprises steps of: detecting (301), by the at least one data processing unit (204), a first information representing a deceleration request of the vehicle (100); detecting (302), by the at least one data processing unit (204), a second information representing a speed of at least one of the vehicle (100), the first moving member (R1) of the vehicle (100) and the second moving member (R2) of the vehicle (100); determining (303), by the at least one data processing unit (204), a first temperature value of at least one component of the first plurality of components (201 ) of the braking system (200) operatively associated with said at least one first axle; determining (304), by the at least one data processing unit (204), a second temperature value of at least one component of the second plurality of components (202) of the braking system (200) operatively associated with said at least one second axle; determining (305), by the at least one data processing unit (204), a third information representing the state of at least one of the battery module (205) and said at least one traction and regenerative braking supply module (203); determining (306), by the at least one data processing unit (204), a regenerative braking power dynamic distribution ratio between the first axle and the second axle on the basis of the first information, of the first temperature value and of the second temperature value; determining (307), by the at least one data processing unit (204), a first regenerative braking torque value to be applied to the first axle and a second regenerative braking torque value to be applied to the second axle on the basis of the determined regenerative braking power dynamic distribution ratio, of the second information and of the third information; providing (308), by the at least one data processing unit (204), the first regenerative braking torque value and the second regenerative braking torque value to said at least one traction and regenerative braking supply module (203).
id-WO2018186284A1    abstract-Vehicle braking control is applied to vehicles equipped with electric parking braking system, hydraulic braking system, and regenerative braking system. The braking control device includes a first braking control unit and a second braking control unit. The first braking control unit implements the first braking treatment to increase the braking force on the vehicle through the action of the hydraulic braking device when the parking braking operation is performed while the vehicle is in motion. When the braking force of the vehicle is required to be increased under the condition of implementing the first braking treatment, the second braking control unit implements the second braking treatment to increase the braking force of the vehicle through the operation of the regenerative braking device.
id-US20180312066A1    abstract-The invention being presented uses the motors already included in an electric vehicle to charge its batteries while in tow. The charging process provided by the invention is compatible with the charging speed of current battery technology. It will provide an effective way of charging vehicles in theater, when other sources of electrical energy may not be available.      Moreover, the proposed system can actually extend the brake life of the towing vehicle and improve performance boundaries of the overall system.
id-US10696164B2    abstract-A vehicle includes a motor and a controller. The controller is programmed to, responsive to an autonomous braking request and a predicted average braking torque associated with the request having a magnitude less than a powertrain regenerative torque limit, brake the vehicle only with the motor according to a torque profile adapted from a most efficient torque profile of the motor so as to have an average value falling within a specified range of the average braking torque.
id-US10399440B2    abstract-Methods and systems are provided for operating a hybrid vehicle during operating conditions where vehicle braking is requested. In one example, regenerative braking is permitted during conditions of wheel slip so that a greater portion of a vehicle's kinetic energy may be recovered and stored as electrical energy. Additionally, in some examples, the amount of regenerative braking is adjusted responsive to a torque of a differential clutch during wheel slip conditions.
id-US20180372171A1    abstract-Methods and systems are provided for an automatic, electric hub lock with a manual override capability. In one example, the electric hub lock may be actuated responsive to one or more of a manipulation of a manual dial proximate a vehicle wheel and an electronic control inside a passenger compartment. In another example, a method includes overriding the automatic control of the hub lock responsive to manual request for operating the vehicle in four-wheel drive mode.
id-US11007894B2    abstract-An operating method for an electrified motor vehicle having an electric drive while being coupled to a towing vehicle by a connecting device in such a manner that the pulling forces and pushing forces between the vehicles are transmitted. The towing vehicle may communicate data to the motor vehicle used to control the motor vehicle to provide a controlled force exerted on the towing vehicle by the motor vehicle during towing. The controlled force exerted on the towing vehicle may vary based on the prevailing force direction between the vehicles, acceleration, and battery state of charge (SOC) of the motor vehicle. The controlled force may include a driving force or a braking force. The braking force may be provided by regenerative braking of the motor vehicle and/or by friction braking of the motor vehicle.
id-WO2019022417A1    abstract-본 invention is installed on the wheels of brake rotors spin arising during driving using energy as a car dashboard and headlights of redundant power brake system that is implemented to manage a preliminary study on the method using powerplants and evolution, connection installed on the car's steering wheel steering wheel rotation with forms of frisbee disc rotor; Caliper mounted on one side of the upper disk rotor to enable the brake pad to be pressed into the upper disk rotor for braking the vehicle; A number of permanent magnets mounted on the upper disk rotor; Includes a power generation coil mounted on the upper caliper to convert the kinetic energy of the permanent magnet, which rotates with the upper disk rotor, into electrical energy to harvest electricity.
id-US20190061715A1    abstract-Provided is a brake control system that can reduce use of a mechanical braking in a railway vehicle using an automatic train control (ATC). The present disclosure is a brake control system for a railway vehicle using an ATC. The brake control system includes: a main electric motor, a main conversion device, a brake controller, and an ATC device. The main electric motor generates a braking force by converting kinetic energy of a wheel of the railway vehicle to electrical energy. The main conversion device actuates the main electric motor. The brake controller outputs a braking signal to the main conversion device. The ATC device outputs a braking command to the brake controller based on the ATC. In addition, the ATC device outputs a preliminary braking signal for energizing the main electric motor prior to output of the braking command.
id-WO2019040488A1    abstract-Hybrid wayside energy recovery systems are described. The system includes a wayside energy transmission system coupled to a utility electrical grid and coupled to a traction power distribution network of a railway system on which rail vehicles operate. The wayside energy transmission system is configured to transmit energy recovered from the traction power distribution network to the utility electrical grid. The system includes a wayside storage system coupled to the railway system. The wayside energy storage system is configured to store energy recovered from the traction power distribution network. A controller is coupled to the traction power distribution network, the wayside energy transmission and to the wayside energy storage system. The controller is configured to receive positional information about a rail vehicle on the traction power distribution network and transfer at least a portion of energy recovered from the rail vehicle to either the wayside energy transmission system for transmission to the utility electrical grid or to the wayside storage system for storage based, in part, on the positional information about the rail vehicle.
id-US10857891B2    abstract-Provided are an electronic brake system and a method of controlling the same. The electronic brake system includes a pedal input unit configured to receive a pedal force according to a driver's braking intention, an estimating unit configured to estimate a temperature and a friction coefficient of a brake disk pad, and a control unit configured to correct a braking target pressure according to the driver's braking intention on the basis of the estimated temperature and friction coefficient of the brake disk pad.
id-US20190291562A1    abstract-The present invention introduces a retrofit method of regenerative braking where no components of an automobile are to be replaced or removed and none of their functionality is modified. The recovering energy system is implemented as an additional, one piece, complete device, placed onto the existing automobile wheel's hub, and covered by the automobile's wheel. The system includes a housing, turbines, accumulators, and valves which act to both store and dispel energy as needed. This method of regenerative braking is therefore applicable to all the automobiles, independent or their power source, to newly built automobiles and those already on the road.
id-WO2019053297A3    abstract-Assembly for generating electrical energy, comprising a brake system comprising parts (11, 121) operable to frictionally engage one another, and a thermoelectric device (13) thermally coupled to at least one of said parts (11, 121) and a vehicle with an electric battery and a battery heat management device thermally coupled to one of the frictionally engaging parts (11, 121) of the brake system.
id-US10730393B2    abstract-Methods and systems are provided for operating a hybrid vehicle during operating conditions where vehicle braking is requested. In one example, regenerative braking is allocated to vehicle axles responsive to wheel torques of respective vehicle axles in response to an anti-lock braking system being activated. Additionally, friction braking torque is allocated to vehicle axles responsive to the anti-lock braking system being activated.
id-US20190118901A1    abstract-A brake device is configured to apply a braking force to a rotary body of a human-powered vehicle. The brake device includes a power transfer medium operated braking portion, a first actuator and a second actuator. The first actuator is operatively coupled to the power transfer medium operated braking portion by a power transfer medium. The second actuator is operatively coupled to the first actuator and operated by electric power in accordance with an input to an operating device.
id-US20200262407A1    abstract-A braking control device includes a first adjustment unit, a master unit, a regenerative coordination unit, a first opening/closing valve, a second opening/closing valve, a reaction force hydraulic pressure sensor, an input hydraulic pressure sensor, a controller. The master unit includes a master cylinder and a master piston, a master chamber, a servo chamber, and a reaction force chamber. The regenerative coordination unit includes an input piston. The first opening/closing valve provided in a first fluid passage. The second opening/closing valve provided in a second fluid passage. The reaction force hydraulic pressure sensor detects a pressure in the reaction force chamber. The input hydraulic pressure sensor detects a pressure in the input cylinder. The controller determines, based on the reaction force hydraulic pressure and the input hydraulic pressure, suitability of at least one of the master unit, the regenerative coordination unit, the first opening/closing valve, and the second opening/closing valve.
id-US10513186B1    abstract-The in-wheel electric motor system with an increased electromagnetic flux and energy recovery brake provides electromagnetic flux with optimal characteristics of starting torque and peak power in all modes of motor operating. It becomes possible because the stator of the electric motor consists of windings with a “star” connection and windings with a “wye” connection in such a way that electromagnetic fields of these windings are summed and the number of phases of the motor is more than a standard motor that has one type of winding.
id-US10821948B2    abstract-A vehicle includes a user-actuatable switch and a controller. When the switch is actuated, the controller is adapted to effect a regenerative braking command to actuate a regenerative brake system when a vehicle speed is above a threshold speed, and to effect a parking brake command to actuate an electric park brake when the vehicle speed is less than or equal to the threshold speed.
id-JP2021502300A    abstract-To provide a braking system for vehicles and a method for braking vehicles. In one embodiment, the braking system includes a friction braking system, a regenerative braking system, and an electronic processor. The electronic processor is communicatively connected to friction and regenerative braking systems. The electronic processor is configured to receive driver braking requests and identify brake failure conditions. Brake failure status indicates brake failure. The electronic processor applies a braking force based on the driver's braking request in response to the identification of the state of brake failure. The braking force includes the frictional braking force generated by the friction braking system and the regenerative braking force generated by the regenerative braking system.
id-WO2019007122A1    abstract-A vehicle energy recovery system comprises a brake assembly housing (A), an accumulator pressure disc assembly (B), an accumulator (C), a brake disc (E), an oil valve control assembly (F) and a generator (G); The accumulator has an inner ring (C1), an outer ring (C2) and a steel belt (C3). The steel belt is arranged in a spiral disk between the inner ring and the outer ring, and the outer ring drives the generator; The body (B1) of the accumulator pressure plate assembly is arranged in the accumulator and connected through teeth; The brake assembly housing is formed with a first caliper (A3) clamping both sides of the outer ring, and a first counter (A1) and a second counter (A2) recording the revolutions of the inner ring and the outer ring; The oil valve control assembly drives the body to move and drives the first caliper to clamp or loosen. Through the kinetic energy of the brake disc, the ability to generate electricity is provided, and the energy is effectively converted. According to the data obtained by the first and second counters, the control drives the body movement and drives the first caliper to clamp or loosen the outer ring to achieve efficient control of energy storage and discharge. It also relates to the control method of the vehicle energy recovery system.
id-WO2019007121A1    abstract-A braking system comprises a brake pedal (1), a brake cylinder (2), a standard brake, an energy storage brake and a controller (3); Wherein, the brake pedal (1) is connected with the brake cylinder (2), and the brake cylinder (2) is provided with hydraulic oil; The energy storage brake has A brake assembly housing (A), an accumulator pressure plate assembly (B), an accumulator (C), an oil valve control assembly (F) and a generator (G); The oil valve control assembly (F), standard brake and brake pedal (1) are electrically connected to the controller (3), respectively. It also relates to a braking method of a braking system. The braking system can provide power generation capacity through the kinetic energy of the brake disc, effectively convert energy and improve the utilization rate of electric energy. The controller obtains the information of vehicle driving state and the displacement information of brake pedal, and provides different braking schemes according to different states. The energy storage brake can complete braking and energy storage operation at the same time. Combined with the standard brake, it can effectively provide braking control, improve the braking performance and braking efficiency.
id-WO2019007123A1    abstract-An accumulator (C), an accumulator pressure plate assembly (B), an oil valve control assembly (F) and A vehicle energy recovery system, the system comprises a brake assembly housing (A), an accumulator pressure plate assembly (B), an accumulator (C), a generator (G) and an oil pressure housing (H); The body (B1) of the accumulator pressure disc assembly (B) is arranged in the accumulator (C). One end of the body (B1) has a pressure disc disc surface (B2), and the other end has a ring sliding disc (B3), and the pressure disc disc surface (B2) faces the brake disc (E); The accumulator pressure plate assembly (B) is also provided with a ring piston (B4), the inner surface of the ring piston (B4) is formed a ring chute (B41), and the ring slide plate (B3) is rotationally arranged in the ring chute (B41); The oil valve control assembly (F) communicates with the oil pressure housing (H) to control the sliding of the ring piston (B4); The accumulator (C) has an inner ring (C1), an outer ring (C2) and a steel band (C3), and the inner ring (C1) is connected with the body (B1). The pressure disc disc (B2) of the accumulator pressure disc assembly (B) is controlled by the oil valve control assembly (F) to move close to the brake disc (E) until it is opposed to the brake and rotated by the drive of the brake to deform the steel belt (C3) and drive the outer ring (C2) to rotate when the elastic recovery of the steel belt (C3) is carried out. The outer ring (C2) drives the generator (G) through the accumulator outer tooth (C21).
