id-US8332115B2    abstract-A pressure braking unit including an operating pressure applying unit that applies an operating pressure to a working fluid according to operation of an operating member; a pressurizing unit that applies a pressurized pressure to the working fluid; a braking force generating unit that generates pressure braking force on wheels by a total pressure of the operating pressure and the pressurized pressure; a regenerative braking unit that generates regenerative braking force on the wheels; and a controlling unit that executes switching control to switch the regenerative braking force to the pressure braking force according to the pressurized pressure, and by prohibiting increase in the pressurized pressure by the pressurizing unit, it is possible to inhibit braking operation feeling from deteriorating while ensuring the braking force.
id-JP2011512491A    abstract-The invention provides a delay device (100, 100 ') for a hybrid system (2). The delay device includes a housing (102, 102 ') with a first end (104, 104 ') and a second end (106, 106 '), the first end includes a system entry (108, 108 '), and the second end includes a hole (110, 1) "Prepare 10"). The piston assembly (112, 112 ') is arranged sliding in the hole of the housing. The delay device also includes springs (126, 126 '), which are arranged in a housing between the second end and the piston head (114, 114 '). The piston head is applied towards the first end by a spring, and towards the second end by a force applied to the system inlet.
id-JP2009202839A    abstract-[challenges] by making it possible to set the braking force appropriately, the operator's feeling is optimized. In the control device 10, which has accelerator opening detection sensor 2, vehicle speed sensor 3 and a braking device that can adjust the deceleration degree of the vehicle (solenoid control brake) 7, the deceleration degree of the above reduction speed is set according to the specified parameters. It has a storage section 10b with multiple storage tables 12. When selecting the desired deceleration through deceleration selection units 4 and 5, the pre-set deceleration speed v1 is selected. Below, when the accelerator opening is below the preset accelerator opening, make the selection of the above reduction speed effective, and read the deceleration table 12 corresponding to the reduction speed selected by the above reduction speed selection unit from the above storage department 10b. Make the above brake components work based on the brake parameters specified in the table and perform deceleration control in a way that becomes the selected deceleration. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20090195056A1    abstract-A brake controller for controlling a plurality of actuators for driving braking members of a plurality of brakes is disclosed, where the controller includes a performance setting unit for setting desired performance required of the brakes; a braking force calculating unit for calculating a desired braking force to be produced by each brake; a drive ratio calculating unit for calculating drive ratios at which the actuators operate to achieve the desired performance and to make the plurality of brakes produce a braking force equal to or nearly equal to the desired braking force; and a drive signal output unit for providing the actuators drive signals corresponding to the drive ratios for the actuators.
id-EP2250054B1    abstract-The invention is a design method designed to detect a foot brake (12) and a booster (2) and a vacuum chamber (1) equipped with a downward drive (8). Between the vacuum chamber (2) and the pressure measuring chamber (1), brake (12) activity can be detected in the gap. When pressure is detected (t
id-US20090229402A1    abstract-A brake system for a hybrid vehicle includes a master cylinder, such as an active booster master cylinder, and a brake pedal mounted upon a pivoted brake pedal arm. A compliance device extends between the brake pedal arm and the master cylinder and includes a push rod and clevis assembly mating with the brake pedal arm. A composite drive pin including a resin sheath and a metallic core functions as part of the compliance device, by allowing limited motion between the brake pedal arm and brake pedal and the master cylinder push rod, so as to permit selective use of regenerative braking.
id-WO2009115358A2    abstract-For the invention of renewable energy sources such as solar car brakes for electric aircraft,(2) Bremspedals in the programme activity (9) a Bremsmoment (M el), but also the supply of electronic machinery Leerweg (L) (2) Bremspedals(9), he will try to Bremspedals a pose (s) (9) abhangiges Bremsmoment (M el) generation. During the Bremsbetatigung, a growing Fahrzeugverzogerung can be achieved if the endurance of the power network (11) or I am sure to contact Energiespeichers(4) and electronic machines (2) dependent on the current Pedalstellung absorption (s) And (SOC) management, so that Bremsmoment steadily increased.
id-WO2009109249A1    abstract-The invention comprises a brake pedal (1) and a gear pedal (2) and an electric machine (3) that uses the brake while the generator is operating. To help the driver save fuel, it is planned to use a (4) method that shows the driver that the brake device is sufficient at (1) position to reach the full power of the generator (3). One robotic arm (4) comprises a spring (5) and a robotic arm (6).
id-US8423232B2    abstract-A vehicle control device includes: an abnormality detecting portion that detects an abnormality in at least part of a shift position detection portion detecting a shift position; a shift-operatoin determining portion that determines, based on a detection signal from the shift position detection portion, whether a shift operating device is shift-operated or not by a driver, and a vehicle movement prevention control portion that, in a case where a movement of a vehicle is prevented by an actuator and in a case where the abnormality in part of the shift position detection portion is detected by the abnormality detecting portion, permits the actuator to release the prevention of the movement of the vehicle if it is determined by the shift-operation determining portion that the shift operating device is shift-operated by the driver.
id-US9352734B2    abstract-A brake interface circuit for use with a hybrid drive system includes a brake interface circuit for selectively enabling and disabling the operation of a brake that is actuated by an actuator. The brake interface circuit includes a brake cylinder and an actuator control valve that is adapted to selectively enable and disable the operation of the brake by the actuator. First and second control valves are connected between the brake cylinder and the actuator control valve. The brake interface circuit is operable in a first operating mode to cause the actuator control valve to enable the operation of the brake by the actuator, a second operating mode to cause the actuator control valve to disable operation of the brake by the actuator, and a third operating mode to cause the actuator control valve to enable the operation of the brake by the actuator even though a portion of the brake interface circuit is operated in the second operating mode.
id-US7869932B2    abstract-Systems and methods are described for controlling engine operation of an engine that may be shut-down during engine idle stop conditions. The engine may include a high pressure direct injection fuel system. In one embodiment, a method stops the engine when a temperature of a fuel rail is below a threshold during a selected engine idle stop condition. On the other hand, when the temperature of the fuel rail is above the threshold, engine operation is maintained during the selected engine idle stop condition.
id-US8651586B2    abstract-In a braking device for a motor vehicle having a first group and a second group of brake circuits, each brake circuit being associated with one group of wheels, and at least the first group of brake circuit being implemented as hydraulic brake circuits, at least one group of wheels being connected to at least one operating unit, which may cause a deceleration of the wheels, the task of a comfortable connection of recuperation brake applications to conventional brake applications is achieved in that a control unit controls the brake application of the brake circuit or circuits of the second group and optionally the deceleration effect of the operating unit or assemblies, the first group of brake circuits being activatable directly by the driver using a brake operating unit.
id-US8770673B2    abstract-In a brake device for a motor vehicle having a first and a second hydraulic brake circuit, the second brake circuit is decoupled from the main brake cylinder in partial braking operations, and is operated with the aid of a pressure accumulator controlled by a control device, which takes an additional deceleration effect due to an active power component, e.g., a generator, into account.
id-WO2009156177A1    abstract-An air brake system is provided for using the air resistance of a car (1) to produce energy and for simultaneously braking the car (1). The air brake system comprises an air intake port (2) having an open and a closed position. The air intake port (2) can be arranged, for instance, on the car (1) grille or on the sides of the car (1). The air intake port (2) is connected to an air guiding channel (4) disposed inside of the car (1), preferably in the hood compartment or engine bay thereof. The air entering the air intake port (2) in its open position and being guided through the air guiding channel (4) acts on energy conversion means being configured to convert the kinetic energy of the moving air into a different usable form of energy. Preferably, the energy conversion means comprise a rotatable fan (5) and a generator (6). The fan (5) is arranged inside of the air guiding channel (4) so that air entering the air intake port (2) in its open position and being guided through the air guiding channel (4) passes by the fan (5) and causes a rotating motion thereof. The fan (5) is operatively connected to the generator (6) for converting the rotational energy of the fan (5) and, thus, ultimately the energy of the air entering via the air intake port (2) in its open position and moving through the car (1) via the air guiding channel (4) into electric energy, which can be stored, for instance, by a battery of the car (1). The inventive air brake system, thus, provides for the advantage that in addition to using an increased air resistance for braking the car (1) this braking action is also producing energy that can be re-used by the car (1).
id-WO2010008716A1    abstract-A hydraulic braking system for use in a vehicle employing both hydraulic and regenerative braking including a master cylinder with a reservoir inlet port and an outlet port. The outlet port is responsive to vehicle operator applied brake pedal pressure to close the inlet port and provide pilot pressure at the outlet port which is selectively coupled by a valve (57) to a hydraulic pedal simulator and to a control valve. The control valve provides boost hydraulic pressure from a pressure source to a vehicle wheel brake actuator in proportion to the pressure differential between the pilot pressure and a hydraulic pressure which is proportional to regenerative braking torque, This allows the power train controller to independently request different levels of regeneration on the two axles.
id-WO2009151252A2    abstract-본 invention or deceleration braking of vehicle wheel torque of accumulated elastic energy of wind-up departure or wind-up upon acceleration of vehicle axle driving of the elastic energy accumulated as secondary torque for recycling of the vehicle, by increased energy efficiency, and at the same time to improve fuel consumption increase energy efficiency for vehicles using a wind-up device about this. This invention wind-up according to increase energy efficiency for vehicles using the device, installed on the car's brake pedal pressurized 1 sensor that detects and axel of vehicles, installed on the gas pedal pressurized second sensor that detects and unit installed on the vehicle's wheels can rotate an hour third sensor that senses and the axle rotate the work of recall, and facilitate and rotational axis are installed, Installed in above rotation axis and deceleration or braking of vehicle and vehicle wash by virtue of rotation axis rotation acceleration to restore elasticity or departure from above as remind wind-up and spin the rotational axis, wind-up and installed within the operation of the wind pressure according to the above detection remind to restore the integrity of the wind-up 4th sensor that detects and 1, above list and installed within the vehicle sensors, type ii, A controller that receives signals from the third and fourth sensors to generate control signals, In above between remind axis and rotation axis wheels installed and recall from controller based on incoming 제어신호 during deceleration or braking of vehicle recall the above axle torque of rotating shaft to be delivered to accumulated elastic energy in above wind-up and departure of vehicles at acceleration in above elastic resilience of wind-up remind of reverse rotation axis remind to convert (hsdpa power wheels, remind the secondary torque delivery as The wheel shaft and the upper rotation shaft are interlocked and immediately after the restoration of the upper rotation shaft, including an electric unit that separates the upper wheel shaft and the upper rotation shaft from being interlocked.
id-US20130057053A1    abstract-The disclosure describes, in one aspect, a method of braking a machine having an electric drive configuration. The electric drive configuration includes at least one electric retarding system connected to a first set of wheels. Additionally, a first friction brake system connects to the first set of wheels to provide a braking output torque. A second friction brake system connects to a second set of wheels and provides a second braking output torque. The system calculates and applies a braking ratio between the electric and friction braking systems based upon both user controls and conditions encountered.
id-WO2010007411A1    abstract-According to the invention there is provided a trailer with a compressor regenerative braking system including: a) a trailer (1) having wheels (2) and air brakes (5) for the wheels (2), the air brakes (5) for the wheels (2) being coupleable to an airbrake system in a lorry cab pulling the trailer, b)a compressor (6) connectable to the wheels (2) to apply a braking force to the wheels and generate compressed air, c) storage tank (10) for the compressed air, and d) a compressed air motor (11) connectable to the wheels (2) to drive the wheels (2) using air from the storage tank (10).
id-US8469463B2    abstract-[OBJECT] To provide a brake control apparatus and method for controlling the brake which is capable of preventing a fluctuation of a brake pedal stroke amount when switching a regenerative braking force to a hydraulic braking force.      [MEANS TO SOLVE] A brake control apparatus has a stroke simulator  39  into which a brake fluid that flows out of a master cylinder M/C by driver's braking operation is able to flow; a pipe  11  which connects the stroke simulator  39  and the master cylinder M/C; a gate-in valve  2  which is set on the pipe  11  and opens/closes the pipe  11 ; a pump P which pumps up the brake fluid flowing into the stroke simulator  39  from the master cylinder M/C and can increase a pressure of a wheel cylinder W/C that is provided for each wheel; an HU  31  which increases the wheel cylinder pressure by the brake fluid flowing into the stroke simulator  39  and pumped up by the pump P, together with at least the gate-in valve  2 ; and a regenerative brake unit which is provided separately from the HU  31  and produces a regenerative braking force for the wheel.
id-JP2010075036A    abstract-Challenges to improve the safety of electric vehicles that can run with creep torque. [solution] electric vehicles have a motor generator for wheel drive. In low-speed areas such as when starting, even when the accelerator pedal is not operated, a creep torque is output from the motor generator, allowing the electric vehicle to run slowly. Electric vehicles also have a friction brake system that USES friction to stop the vehicle. Set the target creep torque of the motor generator when it is determined that there is an abnormality in the friction brake system (step S20), the EV control unit sets the target creep torque lower than usual (step S20). Pp. 30). As a result, it is possible to reduce the propulsive force of the electric vehicle even in situations where there is a risk of a reduction in braking force due to an abnormality in the friction brake system, thereby improving the safety of the electric vehicle. Select diagram: figure 4
id-WO2010037494A1    abstract-The invention comprises control of renewable energy systems and corresponding procedures. Regenerative power includes a main drive source (2), a renewable drive source (7), and an operating brake (11). Steuergerat (10) manages renewable energy sources such as solar Antriebsquelle(7) and first Steuervorrichtung(4) manages primary Antriebsquelle(2) and another Steuervorrichtung(13) manages activities with Fah Rwunschvorgabevorrichtung Betriebsbremse (11) and (14)..
id-US8612076B2    abstract-The invention provides a method and a system for enabling antilock braking in a vehicle which is propelled at least by an electric motor. The method includes detecting tendency of locking of the at least one wheel by comparing actual rate of change of speed of the at least one of the motor, wheels, transmission, shaft and ground speed with expected rate of change of speed of at least one wheel, wherein the vehicle is being decelerated. Based on the tendency of locking at least regenerative braking is modulated to prevent locking of at least one wheel of the vehicle.
id-US8190344B2    abstract-A method of optimizing steering and stability performance of a vehicle includes measuring a set of inertial data during a regenerative braking event (RBE), calculating a set of vehicle performance data using the inertial data, and comparing the performance data to calibrated threshold data to determine a maximum regenerative braking torque (RBT). The maximum RBT is automatically applied during the active RBE. The vehicle includes a chassis, an electric motor/generator for applying an RBT, a frictional braking system, chassis inertial sensors for measuring a set of chassis inertial data, and a controller having an algorithm for calculating a set of vehicle performance data using the chassis inertial data. The controller determines the maximum RBT by comparing the vehicle performance data to corresponding threshold data. The chassis inertial sensors can include accelerometers, a yaw rate sensor, a steering rate sensor, speed sensors, and/or a braking input sensor.
id-US8632087B2    abstract-Exemplary embodiments of a bicycle are provided comprising a bicycle frame having a front wheel support section, a rear wheel support section and a center section. The bicycle includes a rear wheel rotatably coupled to the rear wheel support section. The bicycle further includes a front wheel having a hub rotatably coupled to the front wheel support section, the hub being configured and integrated with an energy coil system that stores energy during a forward revolving movement of the front wheel, and when the energy is fully stored, the energy coil system is locked until selectively released.
id-US8317272B2    abstract-An embodiment of a braking system for a vehicle to control a regenerative braking; the braking system is provided with: a plurality of hydraulically operated mechanical brakes; a hydraulic braking circuit connected to the mechanical brakes; a brake pump to raise pressure in the hydraulic braking circuit; a brake pedal mobile between a resting position and a maximal braking position; a connecting cap, which mechanically connects the brake pedal to the brake pump, and is divided into two reciprocally independent parts; an elastic system which tends to push the brake pedal towards the resting position; a position sensor to read the position of a part of the connecting cap integral to the brake pedal; and a pilot system to pilot an energy recovery system for effecting a regenerative braking and uses the position of the part of the connecting cap integral to the brake pedal provided by the position sensor.
id-US20100133032A1    abstract-A control unit of vehicle is provided including a device for controlling regenerative braking of a vehicle. The device is provided with a drive wheel and a drive motor driving the drive wheel may include a vehicle control unit for calculating a regenerative amount and distributing a target braking force corresponding to the calculated regenerative amount; and a control unit controlling a transmission so that torque of the motor is increased in case of decelerating regeneration of the drive motor.
id-EP2186697A1    abstract-In a vehicle comprising at least one vehicle driving wheel (1), the hydraulic braking system comprises: - a hydraulic circuit comprising: - a first hydraulic member (2) arranged to be coupled to the wheel so as to convert a rotating energy of the wheel into hydraulic energy in the hydraulic circuit; - a second hydraulic organ (3) arranged to absorb hydraulic energy; And - a control member (4) arranged to couple the first hydraulic member (2) to the wheel so as to convert the rotating energy of the wheel into hydraulic energy and to absorb the hydraulic energy of the second hydraulic member (3) when a negative acceleration reference is applied to the control member.
