id-JP2022109066A    abstract-[challenges] to provide a vehicle control device that can prevent drivers from feeling uncomfortable when the braking light is on. [solution] the braking force generated in the vehicle 1 is determined according to the driving motor 3 that can output the regenerative torque, the meter 2 that displays the braking force generated in the vehicle 1, and the braking force generated in the vehicle 1. Eu5 controls the lighting or extinguishing of the stopping light 4 according to the above, and displays the stopping force generated by the vehicle 1 on the meter 2 in a way that can judge the lighting status of the stopping light 4. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20220250482A1    abstract-The present disclosure relates to a method for braking a vehicle, a vehicle including a control unit configured to perform such a method and a computer program element for braking a vehicle. The method for braking a vehicle includes estimating a potential brake energy to be regenerated during a braking event, determining a threshold based on a regenerating capacity of a first axle drive unit, comparing the potential brake energy to be regenerated with the threshold, and switching a second axle drive unit to a regeneration mode for regenerating the brake energy in case the potential brake energy to be regenerated is higher than the threshold.
id-WO2022208527A1    abstract-A Braking system for a vehicle A braking system and a method for braking in a vehicle is disclosed. The braking system includes a brake module, and an electronic control unit communicatively connected to the brake module. The electronic control unit is configured to activate the brake module only in a true braking event determined based on said one or more vehicle parameters. The braking system and the method provide high accuracy in braking events, high performance, comfort and improved braking ability to the rider while riding the vehicle.
id-US20220289043A1    abstract-A method is provided for controlling regenerative braking for a vehicle having a propulsion system, a motor, a transmission, and a clutch selectively coupling the motor to the transmission. The method includes estimating a future time at which the clutch disengages from the transmission. A rotational speed at which the clutch disengages from the transmission is calculated based on an idle speed of the propulsion system. A difference between a speed of the motor and the clutch disengage speed is monitored. A ramp down of regenerative torque on the motor is initiated when the difference is below a predetermined value and before the future clutch disengage time elapses.
id-WO2022211152A1    abstract-본 invention electric cars braking operation system, more detail about brake rigging by the ministry of mechanical braking and revitalize 전식 braking energy with wealth so that they can operate easy and rapid to recharge by 전식 braking operation of possible configurations of devices, simple and inexpensive, and shortens the braking distance sliding with soft without braking, and facilitate the It is about an electric vehicle braking operation system that allows the operation of the rechargeable braking unit to be controlled by rotating the brake operation unit so that the operation control of the rechargeable braking unit can be easily controlled.
id-WO2022194357A1    abstract-A vehicle unit (110, 120) comprising a vehicle control unit, VCU, (130, 140) an electrical energy storage system (EESS), (135, 150), and at least one electric machine (136, 160, 170, 180) arranged for regenerative braking, wherein the electric machine generates an electrical output current during regenerative braking, wherein the control unit (130, 140) is arranged to obtain a desired energy absorption capability value of the vehicle unit (110, 120) and to control an energy dissipation from the EESS (135, 150) to maintain an energy absorption capability of the EESS (135, 150) above the desired energy absorption capability value.
id-US20220281326A1    abstract-A speed-command generating unit incorporated with an electric vehicle having a throttle module, a mechanical brake and a motor is disclosed and includes: a computation module for generating a computation value of a speed-command according to a throttle operating signal from the throttle module, a sensing module for detecting an activated status of the mechanical brake, a selecting module for providing a braking approach selecting signal, a trimming module for setting a trimming flag according to the activated status of the mechanical brake of last cycle, and a switching module connected therewith. The switching module generates different output values of the speed-command for the motor according to different foundations depending on the content of the trimming flag when the mechanical brake is inactivated in this cycle, and generates the output value according to the content of the braking approach selecting signal when the mechanical brake is activated in this cycle.
id-WO2022228615A1    abstract-The invention in terms of tax electric Avenue crime unit (EDU)(1), or simultaneously EDU(1) an electric motor (3) possessing torque through a gearbox (4) with a Kupplungseinrichtung(13) for two lastschaltfahige corridors Ausgangswelle (5) Verbringbar, at the same time Kupplungseinrichtung (13) or in the form of brake clutch, two Teilkupplungseinrichtungen The Kupplungseinrichtung(13)(14 and 15) is independently adjustable in a uniaxial transport state, so that a part of the connection device (14) may enter the bonding state while another part of the connection device (15) enters the lifting state. The invention also includes a computer-readable storage medium with mandatory application of tax/technical processes.
id-US20220314814A1    abstract-A vehicle brake system including a regenerative cooperative control device configured to control a regenerative brake device that applies a regenerative braking force to one of front and rear wheels and/or a friction brake device that applies a friction braking force to the front and rear wheels. After the regenerative braking force reaches an allowable regenerative braking force, the friction braking force applied to the other of the front and rear wheels is increased by the friction brake device up to a first friction braking force less than a braking force on an actual braking-force distribution line determined by the regenerative braking force at a time when it reaches the allowable regenerative braking force, and the friction braking forces applied to the one and the other of the front and rear wheels are subsequently increased so as to bring the friction braking forces close to the actual braking-force distribution line.
id-US20220348087A1    abstract-Braking of a vehicle and a trailer can be balanced when regenerative braking of the vehicle is activated. The activation of regenerative braking of the vehicle can be detected. Responsive to detecting that regenerative braking of the vehicle is activated, one or more brakes of the trailer can be caused to be activated. Thus, the braking effectiveness of the vehicle and the braking effectiveness of the trailer can be substantially balanced. As a result, a possible push force from a trailer to the vehicle towing the trailer can be reduced, which, in turn, can help to avoid unwanted movements of the trailer (e.g., swaying or jackknifing).
id-WO2022243079A1    abstract-About the invention, or use of Betriebsbremssystem(4) with electric secondary propulsion system(2). Responsible for new ways to utilize Synergieeffekten Betriebsbremssystem(4) and foot on the secondary propulsion system(2) the interaction of the car finds two systems Bauraum, weight and cost reduction, the erfindungsgemaß judgment, the Betriebsbremssystem (4) Generating an uncontrollable electric pump (41) means using the slowing pressure (43) generated by the crushing device to decompress the brake and using the brake (43) to have a controllable force, by combining the electronic switching pump (4) of the working propulsion system with the power propulsion system (4) to design a parallel pump (41) to operate, For fluid circulation in a condenser (23).
id-WO2022248090A1    abstract-The invention relates to a memory device (10) containing the first requirement 1. They actually use the storage box (10) to adjust the pressure brake by using the storage handle of the electronic governor of water regulation. Especially in electric antreibbaren cars this Druckmittelspeicher Bremsvorgang is used every time. This means minimising the awareness of dural storage, as this promotes the reattachment reaction of braking energy, friction between soil filter tubes (10), friction of the built-in plate, If the proposal for this purpose and a Speicherkolben Speicherkolbenvorrichtung (10) (12) in a first Schaftabschnitts (18) a first scale the first Fuhrungsring (14 a). Which Kolbenschaft(18) is imprisoned, which is a larger second Schaftabschnitt radial in Außenabmessungen cannot be robbed (Kolbenschafts 18b) (18).
id-US20220379733A1    abstract-The disclosure relates to a method for operating a hydraulic braking system for a motor vehicle with an electrified drive train. The braking system comprises a brake booster. First, a braking request is registered and it is determined that the braking request is to be met by pure recuperative braking. In addition, an input member of the brake booster is shifted in the direction of a pressure generation unit so that it assumes an actuation position corresponding to the braking request. From here, the input member is then shifted back from the actuation position in a direction away from the pressure generation unit for hydraulic pressure relief. A control unit designed to carry out such a method is also disclosed. A braking system comprising such a control unit is also presented.
id-JP2022182429A    abstract-[challenges] to provide a braking control device for vehicles that can perform appropriate braking even in the event of a complex abnormality during braking control. [solution] in the braking control using the engine brake, the regenerative brake and the friction brake in coordination, when the regenerative brake abnormality is detected, the deceleration degree when the regenerative brake abnormality is detected is regarded as the target reduction speed It is then set to compensate for the braking force by the friction brake by feedback control of the target deceleration. Select diagram: figure 6
id-US20210354566A1    abstract-A railway-vehicles scalable tractive power system, integrated into all-wheel steering and braking systems to leverage synergies between plurality of differently designed electric traction-motors, electric steering motors and electric brake calipers; configured with plurality of sensors to eliminate wheel-dragging at virtually 100% dynamic efficiency. A fully automated electronic clutch-system attached to selected electric traction motors configured to perform above 90% traction efficiency by coupling to wheels selected electric traction-motors in their high efficiency range of operation, or de-coupling and replacing electric traction-motors with another electric traction-motors while the vehicle is changing speed or when it requires higher or lower tractive-power, from forward-motion start to top-rated speed. A holistic controller is configured with multi-objective optimization design (MOOD) procedures; measures complex variable parameters and values, finds the required trade-off among design objectives, and improves pertinence of solutions. Plurality of electronic-couplers is monitoring changing distance between wagons, whereas the controller is maintaining optimal ‘free-slack’ between wagons to prevent ‘run-in’ and ‘run-out’ scenarios with precise maneuverability between electric traction-motors actuation and electric brake-calipers actuation.
id-WO2022253445A1    abstract-The present invention relates to an energy management system, comprising an electric machine electrically connected to an electric source, an air compressor arranged in an air flow channel of the thermal management system, the air compressor being configured to receive and pressurize air, wherein the air compressor is mechanically connected to, and operable by, the electric machine, an air heating arrangement positioned in the air flow channel in fluid communication with the air compressor, wherein the air heating arrangement is arranged to heat air present in the air flow channel, and a flow injecting arrangement positioned downstream the air compressor in the air flow channel, wherein the flow injecting arrangement comprises a portion configured to admit a flow of fluid into the flow of air exhausted from the air compressor.
id-US20220402465A1    abstract-A speed reduction power unit system includes a main power unit operably connected to a vehicle battery and operably connected to a vehicle transmission via a driveshaft. The main power unit includes a primary motor adapted to convert kinetic energy from the transmission to stored electrical potential energy for recharging the vehicle battery. Secondary power units are operably connected to each wheel. Each secondary power unit includes a secondary motor adapted to convert energy to electrical potential energy. The secondary power unit engages to slow the vehicle and generate electrical energy when the vehicle brake is activated. Each secondary power unit is operably connected to the vehicle battery, such that each secondary unit can recharge the vehicle battery. The secondary power units can include internal batteries and may be removable and independently recharged, then reconnected to the system as needed to provide electrical energy to the primary vehicle battery.
id-US20220402367A1    abstract-An embodiment method of controlling a brake lamp of a vehicle equipped with an electric motor as a power source includes determining a position of a following vehicle when decelerating through regenerative braking in a coasting situation and performing at least one of correction of an ON threshold according to deceleration or control of regenerative braking torque for deceleration variation in response to the determined position of the following vehicle being in one of a plurality of regions set according to a distance from a rear of the vehicle.
id-US20230001897A1    abstract-A towing device operably provided on a trailer for powering and controlling the trailer. The towing device has an actuator operably connected with the trailer during a towing operation. The towing device also has at least one switch provided in the actuator and operable to variably control at least one motor/generator provided on the trailer. The at least one switch is also operable to send a first signal to the at least one motor/generator via a first force exerted on the actuator by a vehicle, and wherein a first torque is applied to at least one wheel on the trailer via the at least one motor/generator being operably engaged with the at least one wheel. In addition, the towing device may include a controller operably connected to the at least one switch and to the at least one motor/generator, to control the torque applied by the at least one motor/generator.
id-US20230001928A1    abstract-A regenerative braking control system and a regenerative braking control method using a paddle shift of a hybrid vehicle, include a paddle switch including a first paddle shift for a down shift and a second paddle shift for an up shift, a first controller electrically connected to the paddle switch and configured to determine a deceleration control amount of regenerative braking for stopping the vehicle as a hold operation of the first paddle shift is input, and a second controller electrically connected to the first controller and configured to control a motor torque for the regenerative braking according to the deceleration control amount determined from the first controller and to control hydraulic braking of the vehicle to be executed when reaching a stop state of the vehicle.
id-WO2022266233A1    abstract-Systems, apparatuses, and methods for controlling a transmission and other vehicle systems and components based on operation of an auxiliary braking system for a vehicle are disclosed. A controller for a vehicle includes a processing circuit having at least one memory device coupled to at least one processor, the at least one memory device is configured to store instructions thereon that, when executed by the at least one processors, cause the at least one processor to: receive data regarding operation of an auxiliary brake system of the vehicle; determine an auxiliary brake fault condition based on the received data regarding operation of the auxiliary brake system; determine that the vehicle is on or is about to experience a negative road grade; determine a vehicle speed is greater than a requested vehicle speed for the negative road grade; and control a transmission to downshift at least two settings relative to a current transmission setting.
id-WO2023277757A1    abstract-A control device (100) and a method for controlling traveling speed of a vehicle (1) for the purpose of maintaining a vehicle speed equal to or lower than a pre‐set downhill speed (vdh-set). The method comprises simulating a vehicle speed profile for an upcoming road section if braking at a pre- identified power level (P1, P2, P3) would currently be requested, thereby obtaining a predicted maximum vehicle speed (vP1,max, vP2,max, vP3,max) and a predicted time until a vehicle speed equal to or within a pre-selected interval (Idh) of the pre‐set downhill speed is reached. The method further comprises, if the predicted maximum vehicle speed is equal to or below the pre-set downhill speed (vdh-set) and the predicted time is below a preselected threshold time limit, requesting braking at the pre-identified power level or at an adjusted power level.
id-WO2023006477A1    abstract-A elektromechanisches braking system for the first car at least aufweisend Aktuator at least a first and a second Energieversorgungseinrichtung first Aktuator Energieversorgung seinrichtungen as an index provides the source of electrical energy is the first Aktuator about this source. The first transmitter is also connected to an energy facility, that is, to provide electrical current for the first main power supply as a second energy source. This is a transmitter and a primary and secondary energy harvesting device connected one at a time to a replenishment device resulting in a deflector system and/or arm.
id-US20220355671A1    abstract-A braking system that uses a combination of a friction brake force and a traction motor brake force to slow or stop the rotation of the wheel. A friction brake may provide the friction brake force. A traction motor may provide the traction motor brake force. The braking system may include sensors that provide data for determining a wheel lock threshold for each wheel. The friction brake force and the traction motor brake force may be adjusted for each wheel to provide an applied brake force to the wheel that is less than or equal to the wheel lock threshold.
id-JP2023034058A    abstract-[challenges] improve the detection accuracy of solenoid valve failure. Eco1 controls the solenoid valve 2 mounted on the vehicle, including shunt resistor 15, current detection circuit 16 and microcomputer 19. The shunt resistor 15 and the current detection circuit 16 detect the regenerative current that will flow back to the solenoid valve 2 immediately after the power supply to the solenoid valve 2 is stopped. Microcomputer 19 detects the regeneration current singularity in the time variation of the regeneration current. Microcomputer 19 then detects the fixing fault of solenoid valve 2 based on the detection results of regenerative current singularity. Selection diagram: figure 9
id-WO2023039631A1    abstract-A device for recovering energy from a rotating vehicle wheel, comprising: a hub assembly coupled to the wheel and having spaced apart and interlocked outer and inner discs between which a static magnetic field is created; and a stator coil disposed coaxial to the hub assembly and extending within the air gap between the outer and inner discs, the stator coil being fixed relative to the hub, wherein rotation of the hub generates an electrical current in the coil.
id-US20230102528A1    abstract-A vehicle energy management system connectable to a vehicle and configured to control a valve arrangement to deliver a flow of pressurized air to a heat receiving structure when the vehicle is operated in a vehicle braking mode and a temperature level of the heat receiving structure is below a maximum limit of a predetermined temperature range.
id-WO2023062187A1    abstract-A method for controlling a multitude of braking means (12, 14, 16) of a vehicle to effect a desired brake function quantified as a desired brake parameter, wherein each of the braking means (12, 14, 16) is controllable by an actuation parameter to effect at least a portion of said desired brake function, comprising the steps: Determine, for each braking means (12, 14, 16), a brake capability representing a maximum brake function achievable by the braking means (12, 14, 16); Determine, for each braking means (12, 14, 16), an actuation priority, wherein the actuation priority is determined from at least one predetermined operating parameter of the braking means (12, 14, 16) and/or the vehicle; in order from highest priority to lowest priority of the braking means (12, 14, 16), Allocating, to each braking means (12, 14, 16), the actuation parameter, wherein the actuation parameter is chosen between the brake capability and the quantity of the desired brake parameter not yet allocated to other braking means (12, 14, 16), whichever is lower. Furthermore, a braking system for a vehicle, configured to carry out said method.
id-EP4173912A1    abstract-The disclosure relates to a method for determining a starting condition for cleaning a brake disk. A first step (S1) of this method determines that an amount of rust on the brake disk exceeds a predefined threshold. Additionally, an energy quantity being necessary for removing the amount of rust from the brake disk is determined (S2). In a further step (S3), a distribution of brake energy over a current drive is estimated by using at least one parameter describing historic driving behavior and at least one parameter characterizing the current drive cycle. Subsequently, a starting speed and a starting brake force request is derived (S4). Additionally, a method for cleaning a brake disk is presented which comprises the determination of a starting condition for cleaning the brake disk by the method mentioned before. Moreover, a data processing device comprising means for carrying out said methods is explained.
id-WO2023073348A1    abstract-A brake system for a vehicle having a first electric motor arranged to provide regenerative braking torque to a first wheel and a friction braking device arranged to provide a friction brake torque to the first wheel, the brake system comprising a controller arranged in response to receiving a torque demand to generate a first control signal for applying a regenerative braking torque by the first electric motor to the first wheel, wherein the first control signal provides an indication of a regenerative braking torque value, and a second control signal for applying a friction braking torque by the friction braking device to the first wheel, wherein the second control signal provides an indication of a friction braking torque value, wherein upon determining an estimate for the friction braking torque applied to the first wheel the controller is arranged to modulate the regenerative braking torque applied by the first electric motor to the first wheel based on the difference between the friction braking torque value indicated by the second control signal and the estimated friction braking torque.
id-US20230166601A1    abstract-A brake controller of a machine can be configured to determine brake power associated with braking operations, such as operations to slow the machine or maintain a speed of the machine. The brake controller can allocate the brake power among systems such as a battery system, a resistive grid, auxiliary systems, a mechanical brake system, and/or other systems, based on a defined priority order of the systems. For example, the brake controller can prioritize using a regenerative brake system to charge a battery system during a braking operation up to a currently-available capacity of the battery system, and allocating any remaining brake power to a lower-priority system. The mechanical brake system can be the lowest-priority system, such that use of the mechanical brake system can be avoided unless an amount of brake power exceeds capacities of higher-priority systems to consume the brake power.
id-US20230145214A1    abstract-Systems and methods for providing opportunistic vehicle air brake system pressurization are disclosed. Vehicle air tanks used within an air brake system are pressurized during a time a battery charging status is satisfied. For example, such air tanks may be pressurized via an air compressor at a time during which the vehicle is electrically connected to a power source other than a battery of the vehicle. An example of such a power source may include an electrical charger, such as an electric vehicle charging station, or an electric generator during a regenerative braking event. The air tanks may also be pressurized by using a battery to energize the air compressor, based on the battery being charged above a predetermined threshold.
id-WO2023102306A1    abstract-A kinetic energy recovery apparatus for use in powered vehicles can connect to the axle of the car or similar vehicle. As the vehicle moves forward, the kinetic energy from the forward spin of the axle is transformed into electricity by the apparatus. A belt connected to the device transfers the energy from the spinning axle to a generator, which generates electricity which is then stored in a battery.
id-WO2023086357A2    abstract-A controller for a trailer is disclosed. An example trailer controller assembly includes a force transducer that measures a force between a trailer and a towing vehicle connected to the trailer indicative of a difference in speeds between the trailer and the towing vehicle, and a controller communicatively coupled to the force transducer. The controller includes a brake controller that controls brakes of the trailer based on an input signal from the force sensor.
