id-US9199618B2    abstract-Disclosed is an electrohydraulic brake system for use in vehicles which can be braked by means of generator operation of an electric drive motor. The brake system comprises, inter alia, a brake booster and an electronic control unit which is provided for distributing the braking effect between a generative component or recuperation braking component and a friction braking component. In order to optimize the take-up of pressure medium, in particular during recuperation braking, the brake booster ( 6, 11, 15 ) is configured to be electrically actuated by the electronic control unit ( 10 ). The boosting force generated by the brake booster ( 6, 11, 15 ) is exerted as a function of variables relevant to the brake system.
id-US8157333B2    abstract-A braking device includes: an input member configured to interlock with a displacement of a brake pedal; an output member which is movable relatively to and independently of the input member and is configured to generate a fluid pressure in a master cylinder; a braking mechanism configured to exert a braking force on a wheel by the fluid pressure generated in the master cylinder; drive means configured to drive the output member independently of the input member; and a clutch mechanism which is provided between the input member and the output member and configured to engage the input member with the output member so as to allow the input and output members to uniformly move when the output member is not driven by the drive means, and to cancel the engagement between the input member and the output member when the output member is driven by the drive means.
id-US20100188029A1    abstract-A braking system for an aircraft provided with undercarriage, wherein an axial-flux reversible electric machine is set between the wheel and the frame of the undercarriage; current-dissipating resistors are provided, which can be connected to the windings of the axial-flux reversible electric machine during rotation of said wheel for dissipating by the Joule effect the induced currents generated by the axial-flux electric machine, which behaves as current generator, and producing a braking effect that slows down the movement of the wheel, thus exerting a braking action.
id-EP2213538A1    abstract-A braking system for an aircraft (2) provided with undercarriage (7), wherein an axial-flux three-phase reversible electric machine (20) is set between the wheel (10) and frame (8) of the undercarriage; a three-phase rectifier diode bridge (28) is provided, connected at input to the windings (26a, 26b, 26c) of the axial-flux reversible electric machine (20) during rotation of said wheel (10) when the aircraft is landing, to provide a substantially levelled voltage (Vc) used for solenoids (54) for actuating a mechanical disk brake coupled to the wheel (10) and used for producing a braking effect in said landing phase.
id-US7976110B2    abstract-A hybrid braking system that operates in conjunction with a foundation braking system, whether an air, hydraulic, electric, mechanical or electric braking system. Recovered energy is returned to the axle wheels in a controlled manner while the vehicle is in motion and certain criteria are met so as to compensate for aerodynamic drag and rolling resistance for instance but not at a rate to accelerate or launch a vehicle.
id-US9340193B2    abstract-A brake pedal unit for coupling to a brake pedal includes a housing and a pedal simulator housed within a simulation chamber formed in the housing. The pedal simulator includes a spring for providing force feedback. A first piston is mounted in the housing. The first piston is operable to generate brake actuating pressure at a first pressure output. A second piston is mounted in the housing. The first piston is operable to generate brake actuating pressure at a second pressure output. An input piston is connected to operate the pedal simulator during a normal braking mode, and wherein the input piston is coupled to actuate the first and second pistons during a manual push-though mode.
id-US20120056471A1    abstract-A brake unit for a hydraulic, single- or multi-circuit brake system of a land vehicle with electric drive for carrying out regenerative braking by means of at least one electrical machine in or at the drive train of the vehicle and braking by means of at least one friction brake, wherein a brake pedal and at least one sensor for detecting a braking request of the driver is provided, a master cylinder for feeding pressurized hydraulic fluid into at least one brake circuit in accordance with the braking request, wherein a dividing cylinder is provided, which has a first hydraulic chamber and a second hydraulic chamber divided from the first by a dividing piston, wherein the first hydraulic chamber has a first port, which is connected to the master cylinder, and a second port, which is connected by a simulation valve to a line leading to the wheel brakes, and the second hydraulic chamber is connected by a shut-off valve to the low-pressure storage chamber, and an orifice is disposed in a connection line between the simulation valve and the low-pressure storage chamber.
id-US8770352B2    abstract-Provided is a braking system which can enhance the power generation efficiency of a thermoelectric conversion element by efficiently recovering the heat generated during braking, or by increasing the temperature difference between a heat source and the thermoelectric conversion element. A brake pad body in a brake pad is provided with a thermoelectric conversion element. The thermoelectric conversion element includes an n-type semiconductor layer and a p-type semiconductor layer. The n-type semiconductor layer and the p-type semiconductor layer are provided in a recess formed in the back surface of the brake pad body.
id-US8886375B2    abstract-When a diagnosis result of an ABS control system is normal, a determination is made as to whether or not to execute ABS control based on a slip ratio of a vehicle wheel, whereupon motor torque control is executed based on an operational state of an ABS. In other words, when ABS control is not executed, the motor-generator is controlled to a regenerative state, and when ABS control is executed, the motor-generator is controlled to a power running state. When the diagnosis result of the ABS control system is abnormal, on the other hand, regenerative braking by the motor-generator is prohibited immediately and the motor-generator is controlled to the power running state.
id-US20100256885A1    abstract-A method that compensates for fluid pressure variations in a vehicle brake system so that the fluid pressure, brake torque and/or brake force at the wheel more accurately reflects that requested by the driver. In an exemplary embodiment, the method determines the braking intent of the driver, determines a current stage of the braking event (e.g., an apply stage, release stage, etc.), uses the braking event stage and the driver braking intent to select a pressure compensation, and uses the pressure compensation to generate compensated brake command signals for operating the vehicle brake system. This method is well suited for use with brake-by-wire systems, such as an electrohydraulic braking (EHB) system.
id-US8794719B2    abstract-At a time (t 3 ) when a vehicle speed is decreased below a switching-start vehicle speed and the switching from regenerative braking to fluid pressure braking is performed, even if a slave cylinder is caused to be operated by driving an electric motor at the same time of starting the reduction of regenerative braking force, the increase of fluid pressure braking force is delayed by an ineffective stroke in the slave cylinder. Accordingly, a temporary drop of total braking force of the regenerative braking force and fluid pressure braking force is generated. However, at a time (t 2 ) when a vehicle speed is decreased below a switching-preparation-start vehicle speed, the electric motor is, beforehand, caused to drive slightly to cancel out the ineffective stroke in the slave cylinder. This can prevent a temporary drop of the total braking force of the regenerative braking force and fluid pressure braking force at the time of the switching, and can thereby prevent deterioration of brake feeling.
id-US20100258372A1    abstract-A regenerative braking system for a vehicle, motorized or otherwise, that captures and stores the braking energy of the vehicle through the mechanical compression of a volume of pressurized gas contained in one or more onboard gas springs. This stored energy can be selectively released by the driver to assist with the acceleration of the vehicle from a stopped or moving condition. The compression of the volume of gas is accomplished by the insertion of a plunger into the cylinder of a gas spring by a mechanical spooling cable arrangement powered by the rotative braking of the vehicle. The release of the stored energy is accomplished by the withdrawal of the piston which acts through the spooling cable arrangement to transmit torque to the vehicle's drive train. The system can be implemented in various motorized or non-motorized vehicles.
id-US8746813B2    abstract-In a vehicle capable of performing regenerative braking and fluid pressure braking, in changing from the regenerative braking to the fluid pressure braking in response to a decrease of a vehicle speed due to braking, a fluid pressure braking force is increased from 0 at a first increasing rate when the vehicle speed falls to or below a first threshold value (V 1 ), and the fluid pressure braking force is increased at a second increasing rate, which is higher than the first increasing rate, when the vehicle speed falls to or below a second threshold value (V 2 ), which is smaller than the first threshold value (V 1 ). With this configuration, while occurrence of a squeal noise of a wheel cylinder can be prevented by setting the first increasing rate of the fluid pressure braking force at a small value, a required braking force can be generated without any problem by setting the second increasing rate, to be used subsequently thereto, of the fluid pressure braking force at a large value.
id-US9087950B2    abstract-A multi-junction photoelectric conversion device that can be manufactured by a simple method is provided. In addition, a photoelectric conversion device whose mechanical strength is increased without complicating a manufacturing process is provided. A photoelectric conversion device includes a first cell having a photoelectric conversion function, a second cell having a photoelectric conversion function, and a structure body including a fibrous body, which firmly attaches and electrically connects the first cell and the second cell to each other. Accordingly, a multi-junction photoelectric conversion device in which semiconductor junctions are connected in series and sufficient electrical connection between p-i-n junctions is ensured can be provided.
id-US20100320011A1    abstract-An automotive braking system includes a windshield wiper system, a traction wheel, and a non-friction brake system configured to apply a braking force to the traction wheel. The system also includes one or more controllers operatively connected with the windshield wiper system, and configured to, in response to a braking request, command the non-friction brake system to apply the braking force to the traction wheel. The braking force has a magnitude that depends on whether the windshield wiper system is active.
id-WO2010139339A1    abstract-- Used in machines/trains/ships/busses/cars etc., through different Anergy circuits as liquid gas/fluid pumping or gas/steam/vapor compression circuits, which all: are placed in the cold-water tank (9), to produce cooling power to be able to absorb all surrounding possible thermal renewable energies, as surrounding temperatures, as air resistance/compression heat from the funnel (50) in vehicles, as solar heat and to be able to recover nearly all heat losses from its own Anergy circuits and to recovered the movement force while braking in amplified thermal energy, to be able to produce kinetic energy -electricity- with their flow engines (6) followed by a pressure reducing tube (3). - The movement force of vehicles is recovered while braking, as amplified heat in the cold-water tank (9).
id-US8615350B2    abstract-Guidance devices, methods, and programs acquire a current speed of a vehicle and calculate a regeneration upper limit operation amount of the regenerative brake based on the current speed of the vehicle. The devices, methods, and programs acquire a deceleration target speed, acquire a deceleration target position, calculate a distance to the deceleration target position, and calculate a deceleration required operation amount of the brake pedal required for reducing the current speed of the vehicle to the deceleration target speed at the deceleration target position based on the acquired current speed of the vehicle, the acquired deceleration target speed, and the calculated distance to the deceleration target position. The devices, methods, and programs communicate guidance regarding the operation amount of the brake pedal based on the calculated regeneration upper limit operation amount and the calculated deceleration required operation amount.
id-JP2013500189A    abstract-The present invention, as a part of a brake device consisting of a total brake device, that is, a part different from the conventional part, such as a regenerative part, is capable of generating volume movement in the piston-cylinder unit of the brake circuit or brake pedal Discloses methods and devices that can be used. This can be used to compensate for any change in the pressure ratio caused by a controllable brake booster in the hydraulic portion of the brake device by an additional braking action in another part of the brake device so that the driver can adjust the pressure ratio based on changes in pedal position. The total braking effect can be obtained from the braking action of different brake systems, even without the brake pedal. In this method, for example, a vehicle that causes a brake delay by operating an electric motor as a generator to generate current, and a conventional hydraulic brake system as a separate brake system or back-up brake system. It can be used to prepare vehicles. Figure 1a is the selection diagram.
id-WO2011011759A3    abstract-A combined motor-battery system comprising an electric power source adapted to convert self-originating electrical current to mechanical power utilizing a set of common functional structures. Preferred embodiments include an electrochemical cell comprising field reactive electrodes that directly produce extractable mechanical forces in the presence of a magnetic field.
id-WO2011012346A1    abstract-It consists of a main chamber (25) and a secondary chamber (29), the main chamber (30) moves with the main chamber (30), and the main chamber (29) is linked with the storage chamber (20). A hydraulic pump (17) produces a pressed fluid (20).
id-US8397848B2    abstract-A hydraulic energy storage system (comprising a hydraulic pump/motor, a high pressure hydraulic accumulator, a low pressure hydraulic accumulator/reservoir, and interconnecting hydraulic lines) is incorporated into a EV, HEV, or PHEV to provide hydraulic regenerative braking and propulsive assistance for the vehicle. Implementation of the low cost and long-lasting hydraulic energy storage system in the vehicle, together with the electric energy storage system (comprising a motor/generator and battery pack) of the vehicle, allows significantly reduced demands and higher operating efficiencies for the battery pack, thereby facilitating a more cost-effective, efficient and/or durable overall energy storage system for the vehicle.
id-US8738260B2    abstract-A brake control system includes: a friction brake unit for generating a friction braking force; a regenerative brake unit for generating a regenerative braking force; and a control unit for controlling the regenerative and friction brake units based on a regenerative target value and a friction target value defined based on a target deceleration, and for controlling a braking force by selecting one of a plurality of control modes including both a regeneration permission mode in which a total braking force is generated by the regenerative and friction braking forces, and a regeneration prohibition mode in which the target deceleration is generated by the friction braking force. In the permission mode, the control unit generates the total force by providing a delay, while in the prohibition mode, the control unit provides a delay smaller than the above delay to the friction braking force or does not provide a delay.
id-US8608256B2    abstract-A hydraulic control method of a regenerative braking system for vehicles in which a point of time when regenerative braking torque starts to be reduced is predicted and hydraulic control is performed in advance prior to this point of time so as to improve braking performance. A hydraulic braking control unit predicts the point of time when regenerative braking torque starts to be reduced based on vehicle velocity and starts hydraulic control in advance prior to this point of time, thereby improving responsiveness of hydraulic braking force compared to the regenerative braking torque to satisfy braking force required by a driver, and minimizing a deceleration change at the end of regenerative braking to improve braking performance.
id-US9550489B2    abstract-A method for regulating an energy recovery in a pedal-driven vehicle having a crank drive, an electric auxiliary drive and a rechargeable energy source includes: detecting a direction of rotation of the crank drive, and recovery of energy and storage of energy in the energy source when the direction of rotation of the crank drive is directed backward.
id-WO2011042587A1    abstract-Energy storage system useful in start-up and adjustment of mechanical systems comprising means of transmission to transmit mechanical energy between, through means of transmission (8, 9, 11-16), a rotating element (24) driven of the vehicle and a device of storage of energy (1-4) comprising a spiral spring (1) arranged in a rotating axis (3); A locking system (5, 6) connected to the shaft (3) to alternatively lock the spring (1) or keep it in a released situation in which the transmission media rotate the rotating shaft (3) in a first direction by tensing the spring (3) to store mechanical energy, while rotating the shaft (3) in the opposite direction, It releases the mechanical energy stored in the spring (1) so that the transmission media rotate the rotating element (24) to start the vehicle.
id-EP2492125A1    abstract-The claimed innovation relates to an energy accumulator using compressed air for hybrid electric vehicles, which makes it possible to recover the electric energy generated from the vehicle kinetic energy, and store it using compressed air. This configuration increases the global efficiency, performance and operational reliability of the vehicle, reduces energy waste and ensures the availability and use of regenerating brakes in these conditions.
id-US10023159B2    abstract-A method of managing the braking of an aircraft having landing gear with wheels fitted with friction brakes and with auxiliary brakes that enable energy to be dissipated by other than friction. The method comprises the steps of, (1) when braking is requested, testing the braking parameters to determine whether the aircraft is in a braking situation for which the friction brakes are not essential for providing the requested braking, and (2) performing the requested braking by giving priority to actuating the auxiliary brakes so long as the aircraft remains within the braking situation, and actuating the friction brakes only if the aircraft departs from the braking situation.
id-US8788144B2    abstract-A method for adjusting braking in a vehicle having wheels and a regenerative braking system is provided. The method comprises the steps of providing regenerative braking torque for the vehicle via the regenerative braking system at a first level if a wheel slip of the vehicle is not present, and providing regenerative braking torque for the vehicle via the regenerative braking system at one of a plurality of modulated levels if the wheel slip is present. Each of the plurality of modulated levels is dependent on a magnitude, a location, or both, of the wheel slip. Each of the modulated levels is less than the first level.
id-US9010881B2    abstract-An electronic control unit inputs from temperature sensors a temperature of the heating side of a thermoelectric conversion section assembled to each of brake units provided for left and right rear wheels. When the temperature of the heating side is equal to or lower than a predetermined temperature, the electronic control unit drives and controls a brake hydraulic pressure control section so as to operate the brake units preferentially over brake units provided for left and right front wheels. With this operation, each of the brake units generates friction heat, and heats the heating side of the corresponding thermoelectric conversion section, whereby the thermoelectric conversion section efficiently collects thermal energy and generates electrical power. Meanwhile, when the heating side temperature is higher than the predetermined temperature, the electronic control unit drives and controls the brake hydraulic pressure control section so as to decrease the proportion of the braking forces applied by the brake units and increase the proportion of the braking forces applied by the brake units.
id-US20110115281A1    abstract-A braking control method of a braking control apparatus for a hybrid vehicle, may include accumulating a brake fluid amount bypassed to a reservoir tank during regenerative braking cooperation control performed by a brake demand, finishing the regenerative braking cooperation control when the accumulated brake fluid amount surpasses a predetermined value, and resetting the accumulated brake fluid amount when a brake pedal is released and a predetermined time elapses.
id-JP2013508220A    abstract-The challenge is to provide improved equipment for converting and storing kinetic energy during deceleration of a vehicle, and then recovering this energy in the form of electrical and/or mechanical energy. The hydraulic device (1, 100) used to start the brake device in the automobile has a hydraulic pump (101, 140) and a motor (11) with an shaft for driving the hydraulic pump (101, 140), and the shaft is driven by compressed air. Includes the shaft of the motor (11) and the rotor (12) in the working coupling. Selection diagram: figure 2
