id-JP2022517755A    abstract-Assembly (1), at least one wheel (2) and at least one wheel (2) that is set to rotate around the wheel shaft (X2) and rotate on the moving surface of the vehicle, and at least one wheel (2) that is operationally connected to the wheel (2) The system of transmitting motion power to the vehicle wheel (2) through at least one transmission (6) and at least one transmission (6) between the transmission promotion member (4) and the vehicle wheel (2) and at least one rotation promotion member (4) At least one braking device (18) for operation on at least one accelerating member (4) for braking the vehicle wheel (2) by applying it to at least one accelerating member (4). The transmission (6) achieves a speed transfer ratio other than + 1. Select diagram in figure 7a.
id-US20200262398A1    abstract-A braking force controller causes a first actuator unit to generate a target jerk when the target jerk is equal to or larger than a first jerk, causes the first actuator unit to generate the first jerk and a second actuator unit to generate a jerk obtained by subtracting the first jerk from the target jerk as an additional jerk when the target jerk is smaller than the first jerk and equal to or larger than the sum of the first jerk and a second jerk, and causes the first actuator unit to generate the first jerk and the second actuator unit to generate the second jerk as the additional jerk when the target jerk is smaller than the sum of the first jerk and the second jerk.
id-WO2020164831A1    abstract-This story describes the control unit of a car, or at least an electric machine equipped with one or more cars and at least one driving brake. The control device is configured to provide a "single power" function on the vehicle's running track and/or the vehicle's brakes. In addition, controls are set up to operate the power machine and gears simultaneously at least periodically to provide master driving characteristics and/or lift functions.
id-US20200254983A1    abstract-A brake force control system configured to allow a driver to control brake force finely only by operating an accelerator pedal, and to decelerate a vehicle to a target speed only by operating the accelerator pedal. The control system calculates a target deceleration to travel through a target site at a target speed in accordance with a decelerating factor. If a reference deceleration generated by returning the accelerator pedal to an initial position is equal to or less than the target deceleration, the control system increases the reference deceleration.
id-EP3696032A1    abstract-A Fahrzeuganhanger :(1) with Auflaufbremsanlage and hydraulic fracturing Bremskraftubertragungseinrichtung instructs Umschaltventil(17), thereby activating and deactivating Auflaufbremsa nlage Vorwartsfahrt Fahrzeuganhangers (1) and a certain Deichselschubkraftgrenzwertes Deichselschubkraft Sperrstellung board the physical examination, as a brake between Bremszylinder (13) and (14) Radbremsen(7) confessed that when pushing forward, if below this elasticity and thrust value, the car will be diverted into the water flow, and in this direction, the brake line (14) is opened to transmit the brake and the wheel/wheel brake (7).
id-US10723229B1    abstract-A vehicle includes an electric machine, friction brakes, and a controller. The electric machine is configured to recharge a battery during regenerative braking. The friction brakes are configured to apply torque to wheels of the vehicle to decelerate the vehicle. The controller is programmed to, responsive to an anti-lock braking event, adjust a regenerative braking torque of the electric machine based on a difference between a desired wheel slip ratio and an actual wheel slip ratio.
id-WO2020188520A1    abstract-Hybrid or fully electric vehicle comprising: a conventional braking system based on friction bodies to brake the motor vehicle by interaction of the friction bodies in response to the operation of a brake pedal or any other equivalent control member, a reversible electric machine operatively coupled to the wheels of the vehicle and electronically controllable to operate selectively as an electric engine to generate a mechanical power to propel to the vehicle and as an electric generator to convert the kinetic energy of the motor vehicle into electrical energy, and an automotive electronic control system comprising a sensory system to measure automotive quantities, and an electronic control unit to control operation of the conventional braking system and of the electric machine in response to the operation of the brake pedal or any other operationally equivalent control member. The electronic control unit is further configured to control operation of: the electric machine to selectively perform one or more functions including regenerative braking, in which the electric machine is operated as an electric generator to recover the kinetic energy of the motor vehicle during braking and convert it into electrical energy, and the conventional braking system to clean the friction bodies of the conventional braking system based on the number of brakings performed by the conventional braking system and counted starting from the start-up of the motor vehicle.
id-US11713031B2    abstract-Hybrid or fully electric vehicle comprising: a conventional braking system based on friction bodies to brake the motor vehicle by interaction of the friction bodies in response to the operation of a brake pedal or any other equivalent control member, a reversible electric machine operatively coupled to the wheels of the vehicle and electronically controllable to operate selectively as an electric engine to generate a mechanical power to propel to the vehicle and as an electric generator to convert the kinetic energy of the motor vehicle into electrical energy, and an automotive electronic control system comprising a sensory system to measure automotive quantities, and an electronic control unit to control operation of the conventional braking system and of the electric machine in response to the operation of the brake pedal or any other operationally equivalent control member. The electronic control unit is further configured to control operation of: the electric machine to selectively perform one or more functions including regenerative braking, in which the electric machine is operated as an electric generator to recover the kinetic energy of the motor vehicle during braking and convert it into electrical energy, and the conventional braking system to clean the friction bodies of the conventional braking system based on the number of brakings performed by the conventional braking system and counted starting from the start-up of the motor vehicle.
id-JP2020163909A    abstract-[challenges] to control the change in vehicle posture while suppressing the decrease in energy efficiency when switching control is performed. [solution] in the switching control of this brake system, the regenerative braking force is the maximum value that can be output, determined based on the condition of the vehicle, within a range that does not exceed the total required braking force. Therefore, the reduction in energy efficiency during switching control can be suppressed. In addition, in the case of switching control, when the maximum regenerative braking power is output, the shortage of total braking power required is compensated by increasing the front wheel friction control and the rear wheel friction control. Therefore, the change of posture during switching control can be suppressed compared with the shortage of the required total braking force supplemented by the increase of friction braking force applied to the non-driving wheels of the front and rear wheels. Select diagram: figure 6
id-WO2020193033A3    abstract-The invention relates to the technology of a shock-absorbing control system for a fast-moving vehicle (17). In order to improve operation, the damping control system (27) is operated according to the train control signal (19) generated by a train control system.
id-US20220153241A1    abstract-Brake system ( 1 ) for a vehicle is provided, comprising a first hydraulic circuit ( 10 ) including a first wheel brake ( 11 ), a second hydraulic circuit ( 20 ) including a second wheel brake ( 21 ), a first hydraulic pressure supplier ( 12 ) including an actuator for pressurizing the first hydraulic circuit ( 10 ) in a normal operating mode, a second hydraulic pressure supplier ( 22 ) including an actuator for pressurizing the second hydraulic circuit ( 20 ) in the normal operating mode, a cut-off valve ( 30 ) hydraulically connecting the first and second hydraulic circuits ( 10, 20 ), a first control unit ( 14 ) for controlling the cut-off valve ( 30 ) and activating the first hydraulic pressure supplier ( 12 ) and the second hydraulic pressure supplier ( 22 ) depending on a brake request, and a second control unit ( 24 ) for controlling the cut-off valve ( 30 ) and activating the first hydraulic pressure supplier ( 12 ) and the second hydraulic pressure supplier ( 22 ) depending on a brake request.
id-WO2020201212A1    abstract-One procedure delayed in terms of invention is the Kraftfahrzeugs Notbremsung observation (1), while the entire Notbremsung automatically passes through a Langsdynamiksystem Kraftfahrzeugs(1)(5) carries the risk of fusing while the Langsdynamiksystem Gesamtbremsmoment automatically generates a piece of Kraftfahrzeugs(5)(1) by an electric motor (4) of the Elektroantriebs A Zeitintervall (t0 to t32) of Kraftfahrzeugs(1)(3) starts from the automatic generation of emergency brakes, and then from the insufficiency of the complete emergency time, in which case the complete braking force cannot be generated by the second drop system (6) of the vertical power system alone. The first brake pads are generated at least in the entire braking force segment. The invention also includes a car (1).
id-JP2020185984A    abstract-[issues] a method for correcting curve characteristics of brake pedal operation of vehicles with regenerative brakes is provided. [solution] the brake system consists of a friction brake connected by an electromechanical actuator and a hydraulic component, and a regenerative brake. The brake pedal characteristic curve is a function of the pressure in the hydraulic component, which depends on the stroke of an electromechanical actuator. The brake pedal characteristic curve has an idle stroke and stiffness coefficient. The method includes the following steps. According to dynamically determined criteria, after a particularly predefined number of brake system operations, the electromechanical actuator performs measurements of the brake pedal characteristic curve, in which at least part of the braking action is frictional. The brake pedal characteristic curve generated and measured by the brake is saved, and the measured brake pedal characteristic curve replaces the brake pedal characteristic curve. Select diagram: figure 4
id-US11453377B2    abstract-A braking force control apparatus includes: a prediction unit that predicts a time from a present time until a next start of the gear shift operation in the stepped automatic transmission based on a speed of the vehicle; an acquisition unit that acquires a state of a battery charged by a regenerative power generation of the regenerative generator; and a control unit that stops the regenerative power generation by the regenerative generator before the gear shift of the stepped automatic transmission is started, when it is determined, during the regenerative power generation by the regenerative generator, that the regenerative power generation by the regenerative power generator may be stopped due to the state of the battery during the gear shift operation of the stepped automatic transmission, based on a prediction result by the prediction unit and the state of the battery acquired by the acquisition unit.
id-WO2020208518A3    abstract-The invention includes automotive accessories, mechanics, and electronics. In automatic or manual transmission cars, when the driver brakes, the force wasted between the pad and the car's wheel disc is stored in a spring, and when the car is stopped, it shuts off automatically. Whenever the driver wants to move the car, this force is applied to the engine automatically and without any additional noise, and the car turns on. In urban traffic, this system consumes up to 20% of noise and biological pollution as well as fuel consumption, decreases.
id-US20200339165A1    abstract-A device for decelerating a vehicle traveling on one or more rails, the device including: energy absorbing units disposed along a direction of travel of the vehicle, the energy absorbing units each having a first surface for engagement with a second surface disposed on the vehicle such that the energy absorbing units are compressed when the second surface travels past and engages with the first surface of the energy absorbing units; wherein the absorbing units, when compressed, are configured to convert a kinetic energy of the vehicle to one or more of potential, heat and electrical energy; and the energy absorbing units are opposed to each other in a lateral direction relative to a direction of travel of the vehicle such that forces acting on the second surface from the energy absorbing units cancel in the lateral direction.
id-US20200369158A1    abstract-A method for controlling a hydraulic brake system where a hydraulic fluid is displaced in the direction of at least two-wheel brakes by means of a brake cylinder. One of the at least two-wheel brakes is at least partially hydraulically isolated from the brake cylinder in order to adapt the at least two-wheel brakes with regard to their hydraulic braking force to an incipient or present wheel load distribution. In addition or alternatively, in the method, it is furthermore the case that at least one volume fraction of the hydraulic fluid is displaced between the at least two wheel brakes in order to adapt the at least two wheel brakes with regard to their hydraulic braking force to a changing wheel load distribution over the course of the braking process and/or to a changing generator braking torque over the course of the braking process.
id-US20200369248A1    abstract-The present disclosure relates to a method for controlling a hydraulic brake system during a regenerative braking process. In the method, a displacement of a hydraulic fluid in the direction of a wheel brake is performed by means of a brake cylinder. The method comprises the step whereby an isolation valve which is assigned in terms of flow to the wheel brake and which is situated in a flow path of the hydraulic fluid is adjusted in the direction of a closed state in order to set a pressure difference between a region positioned upstream of the isolation valve in terms of flow and a region positioned downstream of the isolation valve in terms of flow. The present disclosure furthermore comprises a hydraulic brake system for a motor vehicle, a computer program product, a control unit and a motor vehicle.
id-WO2020227286A1    abstract-A brake system of a vehicle is disclosed. The braking system includes: a sensor configured to transmit a signal; a brake control unit (BCU) connected to the sensor and configured to determining a braking torque in response to the received signal; an electric motor connected to the BCU and configured to generate the braking torque; a braking mechanism connected to the electric motor to produce an braking effect from the braking torque; and a transmission situated between the braking mechanism and the wheel and configured to amplify the braking effect.
id-JP2020183177A    abstract-[challenges] by reducing unnecessary switching from regenerative braking force to frictional braking force, we provide a braking control system for vehicles that increases the opportunities for regenerative braking and improves fuel economy. Under the condition that the required braking force is below the maximum regenerative braking force, assign all the required braking force to the target value of regenerative braking force, and assign the target value of regenerative braking force to the first time point when the acceleration of the front wheel changes from a value greater than the first threshold value to a value below the first threshold value at the first time point. Reduces the predetermined value. From the first time point to the second time point after the predetermined time point, when the front wheel acceleration is greater than or equal to the first threshold, the target value of the regenerative braking force is increased to be consistent with the required braking force, and before the second time point In the case that the wheel acceleration is not greater than the second threshold, the target value of the regenerative braking force decreases the second predetermined value each time the predetermined time passes, and the target value of the friction braking force increases the second predetermined value each time the predetermined time passes. Increase the target value of power. Select diagram in figure 10.
id-WO2020234022A1    abstract-The invention means that at least one electric vehicle that has manufactured at least one battery (10, 20) under the battery placement (34) may manufacture more than 100. Maintain a generator (10,20) written into the battery management system (34) with at least one high voltage cell (32); By Betriebsmodus "at least one disastrous correction Ladungszustand The aufweisenden battery (32) passes through the battery Emanagementsystem (34) so that there is at least one high Ladungszustand during the Notbremsung event The aufweisenden battery (32) and the mountain and tension carry the support of at least one high Ladungszustand aufweisenden battery (32) in normal operation. Another method is that the current generated by at least one power machine (10,20) is converted into at least one low-velocity current (40 strands) as heat.
id-US20220203840A1    abstract-Disclosed is a brake apparatus capable of minimizing the stress of valves. The brake apparatus comprises: a first wheel cylinder provided in a first wheel; a second wheel cylinder provided in a second wheel; a first outlet valve for controlling discharge of brake oil from the first wheel cylinder; a second outlet valve for controlling discharge of the brake oil from the second wheel cylinder; and a controller which opens and then closes one of the first and second outlet valves in response to a first braking command generated when a brake pedal deviates from a standard position, and opens and then closes the other outlet valve of the first and second outlet valves in response to a first brake suspending command generated when the brake pedal is restored to the standard position.
id-JP2021000868A    abstract-Challenges we provide a braking control device that suppresses brake-induced vibration while preventing passengers from feeling uncomfortable, regardless of whether regenerative power generation is available or not. The braking control device 100 controls the pressing force of the friction brake device, which presses the friction material against the rotating body rotating with the wheel of the vehicle, and the regenerative power generation amount of the power generation device for regenerative power generation by the input from the wheel side. Vibration detection unit 110, which detects the specific vibration state of the device, 111 and the judgment part of regenerative power whether to judge whether the regenerative power can be carried out by the power generation device. In the case that the regenerative power cannot be carried out, the pressing force of the friction brake device can be changed according to the detection of the vibration state, and the driving force of the vehicle can be controlled. The driving force control section 50 is composed of the driving force coordination control, which changes the driving force to suppress the change of the front and rear acceleration of the vehicle caused by the change of pressing force. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-US11332107B2    abstract-The present disclosure relates to a system and method for operating a main brake in case of a failure of an autonomous driving function of an autonomous vehicle. the system for operating the main brake in case of a failure of the autonomous driving function of the autonomous vehicle includes an autonomous driving control unit configured to perform control such that the autonomous vehicle travels in the autonomous driving mode, a main brake control unit configured to perform first communication with the autonomous driving control unit and to output a first control signal so that a frictional braking force is generated to a main brake by hydraulic pressure, and a regenerative braking control unit configured to perform second communication with the main brake control unit and to output a second control signal so that a regenerative braking force is generated to a motor.
id-US20220314812A1    abstract-A braking control device is applied to, for example, a vehicle in which a regenerative braking force is generated on a front wheel by a regenerative generator provided on the front wheel. The braking control device includes an actuator configured to individually generate a front wheel friction braking force on the front wheel and a rear wheel friction braking force Fmr on a rear wheel of the vehicle; and a braking controller configured to control the actuator. In the braking control device, the braking controller is configured to regulate the front and rear wheel friction braking forces based on a normative regenerative force corresponding to a rotation speed equivalent value equivalent to a rotation speed of the regenerative generator.
id-US20210031738A1    abstract-A method for controlling an activation state of a braking-torque assistance system for reducing intake of braking energy in a service-brake system of a vehicle includes capturing and evaluating a plurality of demand indications for a startup of the braking-torque assistance system. If the evaluation of the captured plurality of demand indications reveals a demand for the startup of the braking-torque assistance system, a plurality of operating conditions of the service-brake system are captures and evaluated over a monitoring period. If, in turn, the evaluation of the captured plurality of operating conditions reveals that an overheating of the service-brake system is imminent, the braking-torque assistance system is actuated and one or more deactivation conditions of the braking-torque assistance system are checked. If the deactivation conditions are satisfied, the braking-torque assistance system is deactivated.
id-US20210046911A1    abstract-A system for multiple brakes intelligently controlled by a single brake input on a personal mobility vehicle. By determining a front and rear brake differential based on the position and weight of the rider as well as the environmental and vehicle conditions, the system may reduce the risk of the vehicle skidding or tipping due to over-braking. In some embodiments, a rider may use a single brake lever to indicate a desire to brake and the system may make determinations about how to apply a combination of mechanical and electrical brakes to front and back wheels. By applying different braking systems based on a combination of controls and sensors, the system may improve user experience and user safety, especially for inexperienced riders.
id-WO2021037162A1    abstract-A braking method for a vehicle comprises the following steps: obtaining the first state information of the vehicle, wherein the first state information includes vehicle mass and braking demand deceleration; The braking torque required by the vehicle is calculated according to the first state information, and the output of the electric braking torque is controlled according to the braking torque required by the vehicle. Obtain the current vehicle speed and the maximum electric brake exit speed; If the braking demand deceleration of the vehicle becomes 0, the vehicle is controlled to unload the electric braking torque when the current speed is less than the maximum electric braking exit speed. It also relates to a brake device of a vehicle and a vehicle.
id-WO2021037658A1    abstract-The invention relates to a Bremsvorrichtung for, or having two axes (A1, A2), of which at least one axis (A1, A2) is electrically heated Traktionsmotor for power and at least one axis (A1, A2) for brakes. A2) controls and uses the structure Traktionsmotors Ferris wheel, while braking the energy ruckgewinnbar is one Radbremse per wheel (RB1, RB2, RB3, RB4). A Druckversorgung(/) is Kolben-Zylinder-Einheit shaped. The idea is that Druckversorgung(/) builds pressure and pressure can be reduced, especially through the front and Ruckbewegung Kolbens Kolben - Zylinder - Einheit, and at least one Druckversorgungsausgang Druckversorgung (/) (DVa), belongs to the Druckversorgungseinrichtung (DV1), Druckversorgungseinrichtung (DV1) at least two Ausgangsleitungen (missing a1, a2) and at least two interfaces - miss b1, b2, after missing, either switch him to a Bremskreise (BK1 BK2) volume/ESP-Einheit (ABS/ESP) and/or (hereinafter referred to as Betatigungseinheit). After each - miss b1, b2, miss pass at least one Schaltventil (SV A1, SV A1, SV) SV A2) Druckversorgung (/) abtrennbar All Ausgangsleitung(missed A1, missed A2) with Druckversorgungsausgang (DVa) Establish tax Regeleinrichtung directly or through a Verbindungsleitung - VLd hydraulisch connection (ECU) of at least one electric Traktionsmotor Druckversorgungseinrichtung (garage) and components (DV1) control, so that in the interactive Druckversorgungseinrichtung (DV1 DV2) and at least one electric Traktionsmotor (TM1 TM2) to any Bremskreis (BK1, BK2), axis (A1, A2), that is, different aspects of the Bremsmomenten axis (A1 A2) a Bremsverzogerung einregelbar. is
id-US11180125B2    abstract-A vehicle includes an axle, an electric machine, a first wheel, a second wheel, a first friction brake, a second friction brake, and a controller. The controller is programmed to, in response to and during an anti-locking braking event, generate first and second signals indicative of a braking torque demand at the first and second wheels, respectively, based on a difference between a desired wheel slip ratio and an actual wheel slip ratio of the first and second wheels, respectively, adjust a regenerative braking torque of the electric machine based on a product of the first signal and a regenerative braking weighting coefficient, adjust a first friction braking torque based on a product of the first signal and a friction braking weighting coefficient, and adjust a second friction braking torque based on the second signal and dynamics of the first and second output shafts.
id-US11584337B2    abstract-A regenerative braking apparatus for a motor vehicle (and concomitant method and retrofit kit) comprising a two-piece rim, a power spring inside the rim, a winding apparatus transferring energy into the power spring, a speed reducer that allows for smooth accumulation of tension in the power spring, and a controlled holding brake system that allows for bypassed, autonomous, or on-demand application of the regenerative braking apparatus.
id-US11491960B2    abstract-A force-feedback brake pedal system for cooperative braking of an electric or hybrid vehicle having jointly a regenerative braking system and a frictional braking system includes a brake pedal which is pivotally mounted around a shaft or a bearing, an electronic circuitry which is in electrical communication with the regenerative braking system and the frictional braking system of the vehicle, an actuator for providing force feedback in accordance with the regenerative breaking and friction breaking of the vehicle, the actuator is in mechanical communication with the brake pedal. The force-feedback brake pedal system further includes a compliant element arranged between the brake pedal and the actuator, and a position sensor which, during operation, measuring the deflections of the compliant element and transmitting data to the electronic circuitry.
id-WO2021078716A1    abstract-The present invention relates to electromechanical brake technology, and more particularly to an electromechanical brake system. The electromechanical brake system comprises a capacitor- based power source and at least one electric brake device. The electric brake device comprises a motor that acquires electric power from the capacitor-based power source via a power supply main circuit to generate a braking force. The electromechanical brake system further comprises an energy recycling circuit connected in parallel to the power supply main circuit. The energy recycling circuit comprises a unidirectional conduction element and/or a voltage regulating element. When the brake force is reduced or the brake is at least partially released in response to a braking demand, the motor generates energy which is returned to the capacitor-based power source via the energy recycling circuit. The present invention may avoid an accumulation of a back electromotive force generated when the motor rotates in a reverse direction, thereby avoiding a hidden danger of circuit overvoltage damage and reducing energy consumption of the electromechanical brake system.
id-US11505072B2    abstract-A regenerative braking system and method include: a regenerative braking determination unit configured to determine whether or not a vehicle satisfies an entry condition for regenerative braking based on information collected by the vehicle; a calculation unit configured to calculate a hydraulic braking torque according to a pressure of a master cylinder and a target amount of a regenerative braking torque varied according to the pressure of the master cylinder, if the vehicle satisfies the entry condition; and a controller configured to perform braking of the vehicle based on the target amount of the regenerative braking torque and the hydraulic braking torque.
id-EP3832033A1    abstract-A hydraulic system (24) for an electric working vehicle or hybrid working vehicle of the kind having an electric source of power and an alternative source of power, the hydraulic system comprising: one or more hydraulically actuated devices (16); and a hydraulic pump configured to supply hydraulic fluid to the one or more hydraulically actuated devices; wherein the hydraulic pump is configured to operate in a low output state when a flow of hydraulic fluid is not required by the one or more hydraulically actuated devices; and wherein the hydraulic system is configured to use hydraulic fluid supplied by the hydraulic pump in the low output state for one or more auxiliary functions (26,38) of the hydraulic system.
id-EP3828046A1    abstract-A valve assembly (10) is provided. The valve assembly includes a valve body (12) defining a bore (14). The valve assembly further includes a pull rod (20) disposed in the bore and defining a bolt cavity (26). The pull rod is moveable between a first pull rod position and a second pull rod position. The valve assembly further includes a bolt (48) disposed in the bolt cavity and moveable with respect to the pull rod between a first bolt position and a second bolt position. The valve assembly further includes a spool (66) disposed in the bore. The spool is operatively coupled to the pull rod to move between an energized position and a neutral position.
id-US20210129873A1    abstract-Modifying railcar embodiments convert the dead weight of empty railcars to productive use. Battery embodiments are charged by regenerative brakes, solar panels, and wind turbines. Freight car wheels, have a plurality of regenerative brakes. A plurality of airfoils, with solar panels, are installed on shipping containers, to counteract drag created by a plurality of wind turbines. Railcar embodiments are used in a mix and match fashion, as desired. Storage battery banks, are shipped and/or charged to replace existing hazardous transmission lines. Storage battery banks, are shipped and/or charged to avoid constructing new transmission lines for solar or wind farms. Factory installed EV batteries, EV batteries, and/or other rechargeable batteries, are shipped and/or charged. After battery embodiment charging is complete, power generated is diverted to train engines. Provisions are made for embodiments not connected to train engines. Embodiment operations are monitored with data displays.
