id-US8464821B2    abstract-A regenerative braking system is provided. The regenerative braking system includes at least one energy storage medium operably connected to a coupler. The coupler is operable to selectively couple and decouple the energy storage medium with a drive train of motor vehicle, or an electric generator, or a combination of both. A control arrangement governs the operation of the coupler. A sensor of the control arrangement is operable to determine information relating to the relative deceleration and acceleration of the motor vehicle and send said information to the controller. The controller is operable to determine the amount of energy storage medium or mediums to be coupled to the drive train via the coupler.
id-US8632136B2    abstract-A brake control system displaces a primary piston by controlling an operation of the electric motor by a master pressure control unit according to the operation amount (Xop) of the brake pedal, thereby generating a hydraulic pressure in the master cylinder to supply it to wheel cylinders (Ba to Bd). The master pressure control unit sets a target relative displacement (ΔXT) between an input piston and the primary piston and a target hydraulic pressure (PT) in the master cylinder, and appropriately switch which is used to control a brake force. During regenerative cooperation, the master pressure control unit selects the control with use of the target hydraulic pressure, which enables easy execution of a hydraulic pressure control including a subtraction of the hydraulic pressure corresponding to a brake effect from the regenerative cooperation.
id-US9434362B2    abstract-A braking system for an electric vehicle has a first wheel having a first friction brake and an electric motor and a second having a second friction brake. A first user-actuated brake lever is coupled to the first friction brake. The first brake lever has a first sensor indicating actuation of the first brake lever. A second user-actuated brake lever is coupled to the second friction brake. The second brake lever has a second sensor indicating actuation of the second brake lever. An electronic control unit electronically coupled to the first and second sensors and the electric motor commands the electric motor to operate as a generator when at least one of the brake levers is actuated.
id-US9016808B2    abstract-In a vehicle brake device, a port is provided at a hydraulic chamber of a master cylinder and communicates with a reservoir tank. A piston movable in the hydraulic chamber for closing the port is provided with at least one piston-side port that faces on the port when at a first position. When a brake pedal is stepped on from a retracted state to move the piston from the first position to a second position spaced from the first position by a predetermined distance, the hydraulic chamber is blocked from the communication with the reservoir tank. The at least one piston-side port is provided therein with an orifice, so that the hydraulic pressure in the hydraulic chamber is raised at the time of a quick stepping of the brake pedal but is allowed to flow to the reservoir tank without being raised at the time of a non-quick stepping.
id-EP2364889A1    abstract-Invention refers to a Stromeinspeiseeinrichtung stromgespeiste A vehicle's brakes (41 years old) to generate electrical energy for the stromgespeiste brakes (41 years old) to the Speisegenerator(34), whose Lauferwicklungen (31, 32, 33) has a fire (1) fixed on the moving shaft of a helicopter standerseitige Generatorwicklungen(35, 36 and 37) Stromeingange (39, 40)stromgespeisten drag (41) attached. Such a high low Leistungsentnahme Stromeinspeiseeinrichtung production Speisestrome from Bordnetz and created low input and high reliability of the axis (1) is also Lauferwicklungen (27, 28, 29) Erregergenerators(26) fixed standerseitige Erregerwicklungen(24, 25) and an Ansteuerstrom beaufschlagbar(King); This is the additional condition 27, 28, 29) Food generators (34) and agitator (26) have electrification of mucus without electronic connection.
id-US8670914B2    abstract-A vehicle brake control system has a braking detector and a braking controller. The braking detector determines whether a braking operation in a vehicle is within an initial braking stage based on a control condition of a frictional braking system. The braking controller performs initial braking stage control during the initial braking stage by controlling a regenerative braking system to provide a limited braking torque and the frictional braking system to provide a supplemental braking torque, the combination of which provides a target braking torque. The braking controller performs subsequent braking control when the initial braking stage ends to provide an increased regenerative braking torque and a lower supplemental braking torque as the target braking torque.
id-US9527484B2    abstract-Methods and systems for controlling regenerative braking in a vehicle having a regenerative braking system are provided. Values of one or more dynamic variables are obtained during operation of the vehicle. A maximum regenerative braking torque is calculated using the dynamic variable values. Regenerative braking torque is provided up to the maximum regenerative braking torque.
id-WO2011125231A1    abstract-The vehicle braking device S has a rotor 11 as a rotating body and a brake caliper 12 as a friction joint. In addition, device S includes a latent heat storage material 21, which is accommodated in a storage space 11b formed on the friction sliding part 11a of the disrotator 11. The latent heat storage material 21 changes the phase from the solid phase to the liquid phase due to the frictional heat (thermal energy) generated in the friction sliding part 11a, and stores the frictional heat as the latent heat. At this point, the volume change caused by the phase change of the latent heat storage material 21 is absorbed by the volume absorption mechanism 22. Furthermore, device S includes a thermoelectric conversion part 31 arranged between the friction sliding part 11a of the inverter 11, i.e., the latent heat storage material 21 and the hub part 11c. In thermoelectric conversion section 31, the heating surface 31a is heated by the friction heat stored in the latent heat storage material 21, and the cooling surface 31b is maintained at the temperature of the hub 11c, so as to convert the friction heat into regenerative power (electrical energy).
id-US8616660B2    abstract-Disclosed herein is a regenerative brake control method of a regenerative brake system using an electronic control brake, which is devised to increase a regenerative brake energy recovery rate of a vehicle via brake hydraulic pressure control under low brake pressure conditions. The regenerative brake control method includes determining whether or not regenerative brake cooperative control of non-drive wheels is necessary based on a vehicle speed and driver requested brake force, and selecting whether or not to perform the regenerative brake cooperative control, thereby achieving vehicle braking stability. If the regenerative brake cooperative control is necessary, brake hydraulic pressure of non-drive wheels are controlled to increase regenerative brake force of drive wheels, which increases a regenerative brake energy recovery rate.
id-US20110307130A1    abstract-Electric vehicle driving modes and methods of use thereof are described. A vehicle includes a driving mode selection unit. The driving mode selection unit can be used to select a particular driving mode from amongst a plurality of driving modes. A vehicle may be capable of using more energy in a first driving mode than in a second driving mode. A driving mode may comprise at least three vehicle system operating profiles comprising at least three of motor torque curve profile, regenerative braking level profile, electronic power steering profile, electronic stability control profile, antilock braking system profile, and top speed.
id-WO2011152152A1    abstract-The device for controlling the generator driven by engine power consists of two parts: the brake operation detection unit for detecting the brake operation amount, and the power generation setting unit for reducing the power generation amount of the generator when the acceleration of the vehicle is predicted according to the brake operation amount. Ready.
id-US9352645B2    abstract-The in-wheel motor for installation inside a wheel disk of a wheel includes: a cylindrical coil body; a coil body support member fixed to a shaft; an outer yoke that is disposed on an outer circumferential side of the coil body, and is fixed to a wheel disk; a cylindrical inner yoke that is disposed on an inner circumferential side of the coil body, and is rotatable around the shaft; and a magnet that is fixed on one of an inner circumferential face of the outer yoke and an outer circumferential face of the inner yoke, the magnet disposed to face a circumferential face of the coil body.
id-US20130151104A1    abstract-When a vehicle travels, due to an input from a road surface to the front wheels and rear wheels of the vehicle, unsprung vertical accelerations are generated in unsprung portions of the vehicle. An electronic control unit detects such unsprung vertical accelerations. The electronic control unit calculates a front-back force generated at each of the wheels by use of the detected unsprung vertical acceleration, and estimates a front-back vibration generated in each of the wheels. The electronic control unit calculates a front-back vibration suppressing force for absorbing the front-back vibration by use of the detected unsprung vertical acceleration. The electronic control unit subtracts the calculated front-back vibration suppressing force from the calculated front-back force, and operates the in-wheel motors via an inverter, while controlling the output torques of the in-wheel motors. Thus, the front-back vibrations of the unsprung portions of the vehicle can be suppressed.
id-US9132817B2    abstract-A hydraulic brake system includes: a hydraulic pressure source provided for a vehicle, and including a hydraulic-pressure generating device and a reservoir; a plurality of hydraulic brakes provided for respective wheels of the vehicle, and configured to restrain rotations of the respective wheels; and a control valve device including at least one hydraulic-pressure control valve group disposed between the hydraulic-pressure generating device and at least one of brake cylinders of the hydraulic brakes and/or between the reservoir and the at least one of the brake cylinders. Each of the at least one hydraulic-pressure control valve group includes (a) at least one ON/OFF control valve and (b) at least one linear control valve that are disposed in parallel with each other.
id-US9296376B2    abstract-A vehicle brake system is provided with a hydraulic brake device, a regenerative brake device incorporating a generator motor, and a brake control device. The control device includes a section for calculating a driver target brake force for each wheel corresponding to a manipulation amount of a braking manipulation member, a section for enabling the brake control device itself to set compensation brake forces for respective wheels, a section for selecting a larger one of the driver target brake force and the compensation brake force for each wheel and for subtracting a base hydraulic brake force from the selected brake force to set differences for respective wheels as compensated target brake forces for the wheels, and a section for controlling the distribution of the compensated target brake force for each wheel to a controlled hydraulic brake force for each wheel and a regenerative brake force for each driving wheel.
id-US9233676B2    abstract-A method for the operation of a brake system having two brake circuits, with a recuperative brake, in particular an electrical generator, a master brake cylinder and a brake pedal simultaneously achieve optimized use of the regenerative braking and a constant braking experience for the driver with the highest safety requirements. When there is a braking demand by the driver with an associated desired braking torque and a first condition is met, at least one outlet valve is opened and brake fluid is conducted with an associated volume of brake fluid into at least one reservoir and the at least one outlet valve is then closed if a second condition is met. The first condition is met if a braking variable corresponding to the braking demand is not less than a specified minimum value. The second condition is met if the volume of brake fluid has flowed into the reservoirs.
id-US9180780B2    abstract-A method in which open- or closed-loop control of a motor vehicle brake system is carried out having friction brakes on the wheels of at least one axle, wherein the brake pressure generating means for the wheels of at least one axle are in a direct operative connection to the brake pedal, and at least one electrical machine is in an operative connection to at least one axle which can be used by applying an electrically regenerative braking torque for converting kinetic energy into electrical energy. In order to raise the efficiency level of the recuperation, the regenerative deceleration is increased even in the case of an unchanged brake pedal position and/or brake pedal force, and a motor vehicle brake system which is open-loop or closed-loop controlled.
id-US20120056470A1    abstract-The present invention features braking control methods for an electric vehicle. Such methods include identifying a vehicle operational condition occurring during regenerative braking that reduces regenerative braking capacity; linearly reducing the amount of regenerative braking of a motor of the electric vehicle after identifying such a vehicle operational condition; and at the same time, increasing the amount of hydraulic braking of a hydraulic braking system to compensate for the reducing of the amount of regenerative braking. Such operational conditions include when the temperature of a motor or battery is increased above a predetermined level during regenerative braking or when the shift lever is shifted to Neutral (N) position by a driver during regenerative braking.
id-US8985713B2    abstract-Vehicle brake system comprises a hydraulic brake device, a regenerative brake device to drive wheels driven by a generator-motor and a brake control device for cooperatively controlling the hydraulic brake force and the regenerative brake force in response to an operation amount of a brake operation member. This vehicle brake system further includes a differential amount calculating portion calculating a differential amount by subtracting a regeneration execution brake force obtained by execution of the generator-motor from a regeneration request brake force, a regenerative range judging portion for judging whether the regeneration request brake force is within a range of a re-generable brake force which is executable by the generator-motor and a hydraulic pressure restricting portion for restricting increase of the hydraulic brake force when the differential amount is a positive value and the regeneration request brake force is within the range of the re-generable brake force.
id-US20120067676A1    abstract-A braking system for a wheel of a vehicle includes a regenerative brake unit and a friction brake unit. The regenerative brake unit comprises a generator including a rotor and a stator. The rotor is fixedly attached to the wheel and includes a moving friction surface integrally constructed thereon. The friction brake unit includes a stationary friction surface that engages the moving friction surface of the rotor when the friction brake unit is actuated.
id-EP2426019A2    abstract-The invention relates to a device for configuring braking force to a braking system. The purpose of this invention is to add the distribution of brake force variables to hydraulic mechanical drivetrains, such as mixed water and electric vehicles. The task is solved using A Verstellsystems (WB), whose Verteilungsverhaltnis A ¢P-A ¢1 A ¢P-A ¢2 Stellglied (SG) delay, and thus different Verteilungsverhaltnisse stop let. Then, drop the drag between the model machine and the hydraulic press. In the backup braking simulator, the reduced power is replaced by the backup braking torque. The device can reduce the load of the hydraulic mechanical brake system, reduce its speed with the regenerative brake pads, and does not affect the braking force generated by the driver.
id-WO2012032400A3    abstract-An energy recovering device for braking system of vehicles comprises a support body (2, 22) anchorable to a fixed part of the vehicle, an energy storing elastic member (4, 24) housed into said support body (2, 22) and susceptible of turning from a first working position wherein it is unloaded to a second working position wherein it is at least partially loaded, an interface member (5, 25) integral with said energy storing elastic member (4, 24) and associable to the vehicle brake (B), said interface member (5, 25) being susceptible of rotating around a first longitudinal axis (X) for transmitting a torque to said storing member (4, 24) and allowing the transmission thereto of at least part of the energy produced during braking, promoting its turning from said first to said second working position, a transmission member (6, 26) connectable to the propelling means of the vehicle for transmitting to this latter the energy stored by said elastic member (4, 24), unidirectional releasing means (7, 27) of said elastic member (4, 24) for avoiding the turning of said elastic member (4, 24) from said loaded second position to said unloaded first position. The storing elastic member (4, 24) is a substantially longitudinal helical spring having a first longitudinal end (8, 28) integral with said interface member (5, 25) and a second end (9, 29) integral whit said transmission member (6, 26), said unidirectional releasing means (7, 27) comprising a kinematic motion adapted to mechanically connect said transmission element (6, 26) to said second end (9, 29) of said spring (4, 24).
id-WO2012044024A2    abstract-The hybrid car of the invention can form a composite plate spring spiral by lightly forming a plate spring and synthesizing the above composite plate spring with an electric zhao car can reduce the production cost while reducing the weight of the expensive battery. Composite plate springs can also be synthesized with fuel engines. Trade routes buses downtown, food collection, garbage collection, our products all over the domestic car delivery Courier, automobile etc are frequent acceleration and braking of swarm of engine and caused environmental problems but a waste of energy saving for truck and car holds an elevated amount lithium ion batteries and it is difficult to apply composite plate spring compared in terms of efficiency drops. Compound plate spring can be used permanently with high efficiency while easy to apply.
id-US8571779B2    abstract-A brake control apparatus is provided with a frictional braking unit configured to generate frictional braking force, a regenerative braking unit configured to generate regenerative braking force, a fluid pressure control valve configured to adjust an operating fluid pressure, and a controlling unit configured to execute regenerative control to cover entire required braking force required by a driver by the regenerative braking force and executing switching control to cover the required braking force by the frictional braking force in place of the regenerative braking force by adjusting to increase the operating fluid pressure by the fluid pressure control valve when a predetermined condition is satisfied. By covering the entire required braking force by regenerative braking force and executing the switching control to adjust to increase the operating fluid pressure by the fluid pressure control valve to cover the required braking force when a predetermined condition is satisfied.
id-EP2626261A1    abstract-A brake control device of an electric vehicle comprises a master cylinder 13, wheel cylinders 4FL, 4FR, 4RL and 4RR, a VDC brake fluid pressure unit 2, a motor controller 8 and an integrated controller 9. The motor controller 8 controls a regenerative braking force produced by a vehicle driving electric motor 5. The integrated controller 9 achieves, upon braking operation, a driver-desired deceleration based on the sum of a base hydraulic pressure part produced by a master cylinder pressure and a regenerative part produced by the regenerative braking force and compensates an insufficient regenerative part with a pressure increased part produced by the VDC brake fluid pressure unit 2. In addition to this, at the time when the VDC motor 21 is stopped due to the regenerative cooperative brake control, a pressure difference control effected by M/C cut solenoid valves 25 and 26 which are differential pressure regulating valves is carried out based on a motor rotation speed of the VDC motor 21.
id-US9061669B2    abstract-A mechanical pressurization device is connected to a common passage, and brake cylinders provided respectively for front left and right and rear left and right wheels are connected to the common passage respectively via pressure holding valves. Each of the pressure holding valves in the front is a normally open valve, and each of the pressure holding valves in the rear is a normally closed valve. In the event of an abnormality in which a hydraulic pressure in the common passage cannot be controlled using a hydraulic pressure produced by a power hydraulic pressure source, a hydraulic pressure in the mechanical pressurization device is supplied to the front brake cylinders provided respectively for the front left and right wheels.
id-US20120139329A1    abstract-An automotive vehicle braking system includes a regenerative brake system operable upon a deceleration request from at least one of an acceleration member and a braking member. At least a portion of the deceleration request is adjustable by a user when the deceleration request is provided by the acceleration member.
id-US20120139328A1    abstract-An automotive vehicle braking system includes a hydraulic brake system in communication with a regenerative brake system. The regenerative brake system has both a fixed system logic portion and a user-adjustable system logic portion. The fixed system logic of the regenerative brake system is driven by a brake member displacement.
