id-US11498535B2    abstract-An apparatus includes a control apparatus for an electric vehicle. The control apparatus outputs an instruction to reduce the first regenerative braking force according to the physical amount regarding the stroke of the brake pedal to the electric motor. The control apparatus also outputs an instruction to add a braking force corresponding to a third regenerative braking force, which is a regenerative braking force corresponding to an amount of the reduction in the first regenerative braking force, to the brake actuation braking force when the signal regarding the pressing of the brake pedal is input after the signal regarding the return of the pressed accelerator pedal is input.
id-US20190217709A1    abstract-Methods and systems are provided for operating a hybrid vehicle during operating conditions where vehicle braking is requested. In one example, regenerative braking is allocated to vehicle wheels responsive to actual and estimated vehicle yaw. Additionally, friction braking torque is allocated to vehicle wheels responsive to requested braking torque and regenerative braking torques.
id-US20220176825A1    abstract-The invention relates to a control system for controlling a torque generator of a vehicle. The control system is configured to receive one or more electrical signals indicative of a surface indicator; receive one or more electrical signals indicative of a deceleration demand; select a surface type from a plurality of predetermined surface types based on said one or more electrical signals indicative of a surface indicator; determine a target vehicle deceleration in dependence on the selected surface type; determine, based on said one or more electrical signals indicative of a deceleration demand, a requirement to decelerate the vehicle; and in dependence on determining said requirement, output a control signal to the torque generator. The control signal is configured to cause the torque generator to provide the target vehicle deceleration.
id-US10569728B2    abstract-Methods are provided for optimizing generation of water on-board a vehicle with reduced impact on fuel economy. Regenerative braking energy, and/or solar energy, in excess of what is required for charging a system battery, is used to operate a water extractor and save the captured energy as stored water. A proportion of the braking energy used to charge the battery versus operate the water extractor is adjusted as a function of operating conditions including a water level in a water reservoir on-board the vehicle.
id-US10793124B2    abstract-A vehicle includes a pair of electric machines each coupled to a laterally-opposing wheel to output a wheel torque. The vehicle also includes a controller programmed to command a combined regenerative braking torque output of the electric machines based on a lesser of a braking torque limit of each individual electric machine. The controller is also programmed to command a regenerative braking torque from each electric machine to be within a predetermined torque threshold of each other in response to a yaw rate exceeding a yaw threshold.
id-US10913414B2    abstract-Methods are provided for optimizing usage of water harvested or generated on-board a vehicle. An amount of water selected for injection or spraying purposes, as well as an order of water injection responsive to various vehicle operating conditions, is varied based on the amount of water to be delivered, as well as a current water level relative to a predicted future water level. The method allows water usage benefits to be maximized particularly when water availability is limited.
id-US10675985B2    abstract-A fuel cell system mounted on a vehicle includes a drive motor generating a driving force and regenerative power; an auxiliary machine consuming the regenerative power; and a controller. The controller determines that the vehicle is in a first state when the vehicle has a negative vehicle speed, a move forward request is given to the vehicle and an accelerator pedal is depressed or when the vehicle has a positive vehicle speed, the move backward request is given to the vehicle and the accelerator pedal is depressed. When a predetermined first condition including a condition that the vehicle is in the first state is satisfied, the controller performs an auxiliary machine consumption process that causes the auxiliary machine to consume the regenerative power that includes a required power for the drive motor calculated by using a depression amount of the accelerator pedal.
id-JP2019156225A    abstract-[challenges] we provide a vehicle control device that can obtain the deceleration feeling expected by the driver when a driver requests deceleration during braking support control. [solution] when a deceleration request from the driver is received by the vehicle control device during the execution of the braking support control, which causes the vehicle to decelerate through the automatic operation of the braking device, the driver request deceleration speed (the deceleration degree requested by the driver to the braking device) is constant Or, during an increasing trend, the first operational processing is performed to suppress the system request reduction speed (i.e., the deceleration rate requested by the braking support control to the braking device) through the braking support control. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-US11110939B2    abstract-This disclosure describes vehicle systems and methods for providing active driver feedback during electrified vehicle operation. An exemplary method provides haptic feedback of a driving behavior through a smart device worn by a driver of the electrified vehicle during a braking or acceleration event of an electrified vehicle.
id-US20190351889A1    abstract-The braking device comprises a braking pad in turn comprising a support plate, a friction pad, an electrical circuit equipped with sensors for real-time detection of signals relating to temperatures and/or to normal forces and/or to shear forces and having electrical terminals arranged in a zone for collecting the signals from the braking pad, at least an electronic module having active components which require energy in order to function, and a thermal decoupling element physically connecting the electronic module to the braking pad and electrically connecting the electronic module to said electrical terminals, the electronic module comprising an analog conditioning unit for conditioning the signals, an analog/digital conversion unit for converting the signals, a data processing unit for processing data from the digital signals, and a transmission unit for transmitting the data.
id-US20190372426A1    abstract-The present invention is directed to a Cross-over Electro-Magnetic Engine system and method for making a Cross-over Electro-Magnetic Engine. More particularly, two types of Cross-over Electro-Magnetic Engine systems are disclosed having two types of electromagnetic generator mechanisms, a wheel drive power control box, a storage battery and/or capacitor, wheel gear drives connected to magnetic motors, an ignition module and an electric braking system with back-up mechanical brakes. Power from the cross-over electro-magnetic engine is transferred to the generator systems having rotating plates or counter-rotating plates, then transferred to the wheel drive power control box where it is sent to the magnetic motors to drive wheel gear drives for each wheel driven.
id-JP2020001478A    abstract-[issue] in the braking control system, when the braking fluid pressure that causes friction braking is increased from "0", sufficient boost response can be ensured. [solution] the braking control device is applied to a vehicle equipped with a regenerative generator. The braking control device consists of "an electric pump and a pressure control valve, and a pressure control unit for adjusting the adjusting liquid pressure of the fluid path between the electric pump and the pressure control valve" and "a controller for controlling the electric pump and a pressure control valve". The controller switches between the regenerative power by the regenerative generator and the friction power by the adjusting liquid pressure before starting the operation, the adjusting liquid pressure is maintained by increasing from "0" to the predetermined liquid pressure, and after the adjusting pressure is performed, the electric pump is used. The switching operation is performed by increasing the rotation speed and increasing the adjusting liquid pressure from the predetermined liquid pressure. Select diagram: figure 4
id-US20230182739A1    abstract-A method is provided for scheduling regenerative braking torque, comprising: sensing a position of an accelerator pedal; generating a torque request value in response to the sensed accelerator pedal position; determining a speed of operation of a motor/generator; determining a torque limit in response to the torque request value and the determined speed of the motor/generator; generating a regenerative braking command in response to the torque limit; and outputting the regenerative braking command to the motor/generator.
id-WO2020034556A1    abstract-Provided herein are systems and methods of automatic off-throttle regenerative braking in electric vehicles. One or more sensors disposed in an electric vehicle can acquire one or more sensor signals indicative of one or more respective driving parameters of the electric vehicle. A data processing system of the electric vehicle can determine, using the one or more sensor signals, one or more current driving conditions of the electric vehicle. The data processing system of the electric vehicle can determine, using the one or more current driving conditions, a future driving state indicative of an imminent future slowdown event. The data processing system of the electric vehicle can cause a regenerative braking system of the electric vehicle to apply regenerative braking, responsive to determining the future driving state.
id-JP2020032829A    abstract-[challenges] we provide a control device for a hybrid vehicle that can suppress overcharging of the battery even when the drive wheel speed decreases sharply. The solution includes an engine, a generator driven by the engine, a drive motor supplied with power and output driving torque, and a storage device capable of charging the generated power, and charging or driving the generated power to the storage device. In the control device of the hybrid vehicle configured to supply directly to the moving motor, including the controller that controls the generator, the controller determines whether the drive wheel is likely to lock (step S2), when the drive wheel is turned off When it is determined that there is a risk of interruption, control the power generated by the generator below a predetermined predetermined power that can be entered into the storage device (step S3). Selection diagram: figure 2
id-US20210180657A1    abstract-An epicyclic transmission gear and disk brake based regenerative braking device includes an epicyclic transmission unit to transfer braking energy through arrangement of sun gear and the planetary gears to a clock spring of a clock spring torque storage module. The device includes a disk brake unit that arrests the rotation of a sun-planetary gear assembly in the epicyclic transmission unit such that momentum available at the extended hub is transferred to a ring gear. The ring gear is connected to an inner casing of the clock spring torque storage module that charges the spring. The device includes a chassis unit that dissipates excess energy through spinning of an outer casing of the clock spring torque storage module by a spring calibration wheel that rides over a sinusoidal contoured surface of the outer casing.
id-US20200079219A1    abstract-In a hybrid vehicle, brake force is divided between friction brakes and regenerative braking. When the friction brakes are wet, the delivered braking force may exceed the commanded braking force resulting in a poor transition from regenerative braking to friction braking. When wet friction brakes are detected, a controller allocates more of the total braking energy to friction brakes until a threshold quantity of energy has been dissipated in the friction brakes, thus drying the friction brakes over fewer braking events than otherwise.
id-US10759430B2    abstract-A braking system for braking an electric vehicle is provided. The system includes a brake pedal having a regenerative-braking range of pedal displacement from an initial position of the brake pedal to a maximal-recuperation position of the brake pedal, and a mechanical-braking range of pedal displacement starting from the maximal-recuperation position of the brake pedal. A brake controller activates deceleration of the vehicle based on the pedal displacement. The brake controller activates deceleration of the electric vehicle based on regenerative braking within the regenerative-braking range and based on mechanical braking within the mechanical-braking range. The regenerative-braking range is adjusted based on a state of charge of a traction battery of the electric vehicle.
id-US20200088061A1    abstract-A railroad powered energy cogeneration system and method comprising a plurality of air compressor hoses, a plurality of manifold pipelines, at least one manifold pipeline check valve, a pneumatic air filter, a pneumatic motor-generator set, and a pressure control valve, wherein the plurality of manifold pipelines is configured to connect each of the plurality of air compressor hoses attached to an inner side of each of the rails of an existing railroad system. The plurality of air compressor hoses produces compressed air when a train traverses over them. The at least one manifold pipeline check valve is configured to assure unidirectional air flow through the plurality of manifold pipelines. The pneumatic motor-generator set converts compressed air into electricity and the remaining compressed air is stored in the storage vault and/or other storage means described.
id-US20200130661A1    abstract-An antiskid controller for controlling braking operation of a wheel of a vehicle based on an output signal provided by a wheel speed sensor coupled to the wheel may comprise a delay toggle, a switch logic for switching between an initial rate and a running rate, and a linear control used for calculating an antiskid correction signal, wherein the linear control receives one of the initial rate and the running rate, depending on a state of the switch logic. The linear control receives the initial rate upon initialization of the antiskid controller. The linear control receives the running rate after a predetermined duration or after the linear control has converged on a desired solution.
id-US20210339723A1    abstract-A vehicle control apparatus includes a first ECU electrically connected to a wheel speed sensor and a second ECU electrically connected to the wheel speed sensor.
id-EP3637582A1    abstract-An installation (20) for storing the electrical energy resulting from the braking of one or more railway vehicles (V1, V2) running on at least one railway track (14, 15), the installation (20) being intended to be installed outside the railway vehicle (V1, V2). The installation (20) includes :- a water electrolysis station (22) capable of utilising the electrical energy generated during braking of each railway vehicle (V1, V2);- a hydrogen storage device (24) formed by water electrolysis; And - a fuel cell (26) capable of generating electric current from the hydrogen stored in the hydrogen storage device (24).
id-US10800415B2    abstract-Methods and systems are provided for electrically-assisted engine braking. In one example, a method may include operating a turbocharger by an electric motor during engine braking to increase air flow to an engine intake. The enhanced air flow into the engine intake increases an exhaust manifold pressure, thus increased a braking force provided by engine braking.
id-WO2020095202A1    abstract-Auxiliary energy regeneration system for motorvehicles (7) propelled by an electric, or electro-thermal hybrid propeller, equipped with MGU-K motor generator units (13), and possibly also of MGU-H units, characterised in that: Said auxiliary energy regeneration system consists of an aerogenerator system (A) arranged on said motorvehicle (7) in at least one dynamic air intake (8), or air duct, and comprising one or a group of wind turbines (1) electrically connected to one or a group of batteries (6) dedicated to the operation of said MGU- K unit (13), and possibly also of said MGU-H unit, wherein said aerogenerator system (A) is controlled by a control and electronic management unit (4) to actively cooperate in parallel with said MGU-K unit (13), and possibly also with said MGU-H unit, in order to reduce the charging time of the group of batteries (6), increasing the performance of the electric propeller or of the electro-thermal hybrid propeller of said motorvehicle (7).
id-JP2020082872A    abstract-[challenges] provide a braking device for vehicles that can improve the response of braking force. The first supply part 32 and the vehicle braking device 1 of the present invention are configured to discharge fluid to the main road 341, 61 and 4a connected to the wheel cylinder 53 and 54 of the vehicle, and the main road 341, 61 and 4a are configured to discharge fluid to the upstream side and the downstream side. At least part of the fluid discharged from the first supply part 32 is inhaled through the differential pressure solenoid valve 41 that generates the differential pressure between and the branch flow path 4c and 4d that branches from the main road 341, 61 and 4a on the upstream side of differential pressure solenoid valve 41, and the wheel series is performed. The second supply unit 47 discharging fluid in nda 53 and 54; Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20220148766A1    abstract-A resistor includes an elongated cylindrical body having nodes and elongated members. The elongated members interconnect the nodes to form openings between the nodes and the elongated members for the flow therethrough of a cooling fluid. The body is configured to receive electric current from a powered system and to conduct and provide electric resistance to the electric current to dissipate at least part of the electric current as heat from the body. The body may be coupled with at least one other resistor of the powered system in one or more of a parallel or series arrangement in an electric circuit.
id-US20200164880A1    abstract-A braking control system and a braking control method for an environmental-friendly vehicle may forcibly discharge a part of the current charge amount of a battery when it is determined that the current charge amount of the battery reaches a maximum charge amount state by regenerative braking to exclude a regenerative braking prohibition condition according to the maximum charge amount state of the battery. The braking of the vehicle is thereby always performed by a sum of the regenerative braking amount and the hydraulic braking amount to reduce a braking load concentrated on a disk of a hydraulic braking brake.
