id-US20210229646A1    abstract-A method of controlling braking of a vehicle is provided. When a disconnector is disconnected and an auxiliary drive wheel is separated from a driving system, vehicle braking is performed with regenerative braking by a primary drive wheel motor during braking. Subsequently, the disconnector is connected based on a vehicle stability state, and then, braking is performed simultaneously on the auxiliary drive wheel and a primary drive wheel.
id-US11557988B2    abstract-A multi-disk brake system comprises an electrical generator disposed therein. The electrical generator is configured to convert mechanical energy to electrical energy. The mechanical energy may be generated during a braking event of the multi-disk brake system. The electric generator may power various electrical components on the aircraft or store the electrical energy in a capacitor bank. The electric generator may also act as a motor and/or power a landing gear in a motor configuration.
id-US20230037398A1    abstract-Disclosed is an Integrated Wheel Hub and Multispeed Hydraulic Motor/Pump and Braking Unit, Control Valving System and Drive Clutches for vehicles using an Electro-hydraulic propulsion system, commanded and controlled by the Vehicle Control System.
id-US20210237581A1    abstract-Embodiments of the present disclosure are directed to dynamically and automatically adjusting a standard regenerative braking intensity. Roadway data, data from one or more sensors of the vehicle and data comprising parameter values for operating states of the vehicle regarding a roadway from a route being navigated by the vehicle are received by a processor of a control system of the vehicle. Standard regenerative braking intensity values based on a vehicle's acceleration is retrieved from memory. Adjusted regenerative braking intensity values are calculated based on at least one of the roadway data, the sensor data and the parameter values of the operating states of the vehicle and the standard regenerative braking intensity values. The adjusted regenerative braking intensity values are transmitted to the control system and an acceleration or deacceleration amount is applied to the vehicle based on the adjusted regenerative braking intensity values.
id-WO2021171213A1    abstract-The invention provides a vehicle installation for vehicle cooling. The vehicle installation includes an air inlet towards a front end of a vehicle, an air outlet towards a rear end of the vehicle, an air duct extending from the air inlet to the air outlet which defines a flow path along a longitudinal direction of the vehicle, and at least one heat exchanger positioned on or in the air duct. The at least one heat exchanger is in thermal communication with air flowing through the air duct, thereby providing vehicle cooling when in use. The invention further provides vehicle installations, as described, further having turbines and/or reduction arrangements for electricity generation.
id-US11524683B2    abstract-Industrial vehicles that include a speed sensor configured to generate a speed sensor signal, a payload sensor configured to generate a payload sensor signal, an inclination sensor configured to generate an inclination sensor signal, a wheel motor connected to a wheel of the industrial vehicle, and a controller. The wheel motor includes an electric retarder device for applying a retardation force to the wheel. The controller is configured to receive the speed sensor signal, receive the payload sensor signal, receive the inclination sensor signal, determine a required retardation force for the industrial vehicle based on the payload sensor signal and the inclination sensor signal, determine an available retardation force for the industrial vehicle based on the speed sensor signal, and generate an output indicating the required retardation force for the industrial vehicle relative to the available retardation force for the industrial vehicle.
id-US20210237583A1    abstract-An electric vehicle braking system including a braking controller, a front braking system, and a rear braking system. The front braking system includes a front friction brake and a front regenerative braking system. The rear braking system includes a rear regenerative braking system and excludes a friction brake. The braking controller is configured to detect the front regenerative braking has reached a maximum force, detect additional deceleration is required, and, in response to detecting the front regenerative braking has reached the maximum force and detecting additional deceleration is required, apply the front friction brake.
id-US20230159007A1    abstract-Provided is a high-pressure thermal fluid brake and engine energy recovery system, comprising a plurality of energy collection systems (1) and energy storage systems (2) which are connected to one another, and a control unit (19) connected to the energy collection systems (1) and the energy storage systems (2); the control unit (19) is connected to a vehicle controller, and at east reads and acquires the accelerator pedal position information, brake pedal position information, vehicle travel parameters, and cooling system parameters of a vehicle; the energy collection systems (1) recover vehicle's kinetic energy, engine's mechanical energy and engine's thermal energy, and stores the recovered energy into the energy storage systems (2), and the control unit (19) controls, according to the vehicle information read and acquired, the energy recovery and release of the energy collection systems (1) and the energy storage systems (2). The present invention can effectively recover and reuse vehicle's braking energy, engine's idle energy and engine's thermal energy, reduce the energy waste of a motor vehicle system, and achieve the purposes of energy saving, oil sav ing and emission reduction.
id-EP4019315A1    abstract-The disclosed vehicle braking device controls a hydraulic brake system (2) and a regeneration brake system (3) mounted on a vehicle (1) in accordance with an acceleration value and a brake value, and includes a first divider (11), a second divider (12), and a controller (13). The first divider (11) divides a driver demand torque set according to the accelerator value into a target coast torque and a remaining torque. The second divider (12) divides a sum of a deceleration torque set according to the brake value and the target coast torque divided by the first divider (11) into a hydraulic-brake demand torque and a regeneration-brake demand torque. The controller (13) controls the hydraulic brake system (2), using the hydraulic-brake demand torque, and controls the regeneration brake system (3), using a total regeneration brake torque calculated from the remaining torque and the regeneration-brake demand torque. This configuration can improve the feeling of operating the brake, resolving the feeling of the shortage of deceleration.
id-US20210347265A1    abstract-A regenerative braking control system for a motor-driven vehicle is configured to provide a continuous assistant braking force by continuous reverse torque of an electric motor by enabling surplus electrical energy produced by an electric motor to be easily converted into thermal energy in generative braking, using both of a brake resistor and a heater to convert electrical energy into thermal energy, and being able to obtain an interior heating effect by using thermal energy converted by the brake resistor and the heater as heat source for interior heating without discharging the thermal energy to the outside.
id-JP2023525341A    abstract-The present invention relates to the generation of auxiliary energy by the operation of a train, in particular to the generation of energy associated with the rotation of a disc brake rotor combined with a generator. The rotation of the disc brake rotor generates the rotational energy supplied to the generator. The generator transfers that energy to a series of batteries for storage. Batteries can be stored in the train frame and/or in the train vehicle itself. Energy from the battery can be harnessed by removing the battery from the train or through multiple outlets, sockets or connectors attached to the train's vehicle or chassis.
id-US20230174064A1    abstract-A drive source controller is configured to control a drive torque of a drive source that drives a vehicle. The drive source controller is configured to prohibit acceptance of drive source required torque from a cruise controller when automatic braking control is activated during cruise control, or not output the drive source required torque to the drive source controller when the automatic braking control is activated during the cruise control.
id-US20220055586A1    abstract-A Vehicle Corner Module (VCM) based brake system, which includes a brake actuator, adapted to regulate the rotation rate of the wheel assembled to the VCM, a fluid-based brake power source, fluidly connected to the brake actuator and adapted to provide pressurized brake fluid for operating the brake actuator, and a brake-control-circuit, functionally associated with the brake actuator and with the brake power source, and adapted to provide functional inputs to the brake actuator based on a target rotation rate profile desired for a wheel mounted on the VCM. All mechanical components of the VCM-based brake system are disposed within the VCM. The VCM-based brake system and the vehicle platform are not in fluid communication with each other.
id-US20220001846A1    abstract-The present disclosure in at least one embodiment provides a corner module for a vehicle, including a front-wheel corner module configured to drive a front wheel and including a front-wheel inwheel motor installed on the front wheel to generate a driving force and a friction braking device configured to generate a braking force on the front wheel, a rear-wheel corner module configured to drive a rear wheel and including a rear-wheel inwheel motor installed on the rear wheel to generate a driving force, a driving information detector configured to detect driving information of the vehicle, and an electronic control unit configured to control the front-wheel corner module to form a friction braking force by using the driving information and to control the rear-wheel corner module to form a regenerative braking force, wherein the front-wheel corner module uses the front-wheel inwheel motor that is provided with a lower specification than the rear-wheel inwheel motor to save the manufacturing cost, and the rear-wheel corner module has no friction braking device installed so that the rear-wheel inwheel motor is undamaged by heat.
id-US20220017092A1    abstract-A control device may be configured for responding to failure for ensuring the stability of a vehicle by switching from a two-wheel-drive mode to a four-wheel-drive mode when detecting failure of the brake system in a two-wheel-drive mode.
id-JP2022541378A    abstract-The invention discloses an electro-hydraulic brake system. The system relates to the field of automotive brake systems and includes the main housing. In the main housing, the brake master cylinder of the hydraulic unit is provided. The outer end of the piston rod of the brake master cylinder is connected to the output pressing rod, and the input rod is provided at the other end of the output pressing rod. The input rod is connected to the main housing so that it slides only in its own length. At the other end of the input rod, a push rod is provided to transmit the brake pedal force. Furthermore, a position recovery member to position the push rod away from the brake master cylinder and a displacement sensor to detect the displacement of the push rod are arranged in the main housing. The input rod and the output pressing rod have a gap and contact state. In the gap condition, the system braking by the reverse torque drive power generation of the vehicle's drive motor. On the other hand, in the state of contact, the system USES the reverse torque drive power generation of the vehicle's drive motor as the main braking force, and the hydraulic braking generated by the output pressing rod pushing the piston rod of the brake master cylinder as the auxiliary power supply. This increases the rate of electrical braking, thus achieving the effect of improving the energy recovery rate. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2022047363A1    abstract-Systems and methods for distribution of electrical power. Embodiments include a vehicle, such as a train or an automobile with an electric generator, a plurality of vehicle terminals for temporarily receiving the vehicle, each including an energy distribution station having an electrical input and an electrical output, and an energy storage device selectively coupleable to the electric generator to store energy and to an electrical input of a vehicle terminal of the plurality of vehicle terminals to transmit the stored energy. The electrical output is electrically coupleable to an energy receiver such as an energy storage facility, a local electric load, and or an electrical grid. In embodiments, the energy storage device is detachable from the vehicle for temporary storage proximate the energy distribution station.
id-WO2022032231A1    abstract-An electrostatic motor for use with a wheel assembly of a vehicle, having a housing defining an interior volume, a stator including a plurality of stator plates affixed to the housing, each stator plate including a first planar surface and a second planar surface, each stator plate being parallel to the other stator plates, and a rotor including a shaft and a plurality of rotor plates affixed to the shaft, each rotor plate including a first planar surface and a second planar surface, each rotor plate being parallel to the other rotor plates, wherein the rotor plates are both interspersed with and rotatable with respect to the stator plates.
id-US11130403B1    abstract-A vehicle comprising, an accelerator pedal, a brake pedal, an electric machine, and a controller. The electric machine is configured to propel the vehicle and to brake the vehicle via regenerative braking. The controller is programmed to, in response to releasing the accelerator pedal, increase a regenerative braking torque of the electric machine to a first value. The controller is further programmed to, in response to depressing the brake pedal, increase the regenerative braking torque of the electric machine from the first value to a second value. The controller is further programmed to, in response to a speed of the vehicle decreasing to less than a first threshold, decrease the regenerative braking torque of the electric machine from the second value to the first value.
id-US20220097666A1    abstract-Wheel brakes of one vehicle axle of a dual-circuit hydraulic-power vehicle brake system for an electric or hybrid vehicle are connected to one brake circuit. Brake pressure is applied by a power brake-pressure generator to the two brake circuits with a time offset. It is thereby possible to compensate for a deceleration effect of an electric motor of the vehicle, which is operated as a generator during a braking.
id-US20230085556A1    abstract-A vehicle includes a powertrain having an electric machine configured to power driven wheels, an accelerator pedal, and friction brakes. A vehicle controller is programmed to, with the vehicle being in a one-pedal driving mode: in response to a braking torque capacity of the powertrain exceeding a target braking torque that is based on a position of the accelerator pedal, command a torque, that is equal to the target braking torque, from the powertrain such that the vehicle is slowed using the powertrain without application of the friction brakes, and, in response to the braking torque capacity of the powertrain being less than the target braking torque, command torques from the powertrain and the friction brakes such that the target braking torque is satisfied and the vehicle is slowed using the powertrain and the friction brakes.
id-US20220097707A1    abstract-A method for controlling a vehicle includes monitoring the vehicle speed for a first threshold in conjunction with a driver request for negative torque, after which the method comprises increasing a friction braking ratio. The method further comprises monitoring the speed of the vehicle for a second threshold, wherein the second threshold is lower than the first, after which the method comprises solely using the friction braking for braking holding torque.
id-WO2022079726A1    abstract-The present invention relates to the field of regenerative braking systems. The system (100) includes an epicyclic transmission unit to transfer braking energy through arrangement of sun gear (140) and the planetary gears (145) to a torque storage module (205). The system (100) includes a braking unit that arrests the rotation of planetary gears (145) such that momentum available at the rear wheel hub (110) is transferred to the sun gear (140). Being mounted on same outer casing (135), the sun gear (140) rotates a first pulley (200) that charges a spring (220) of the torque storage module (205). The spring (220) discharges and transfers momentum to the rear wheel hub (110) via the first pulley (200), the sun gear (140), a one-way cam bearing (130), and an extended hub (105) on releasing the brake disc (190).
id-US20220105808A1    abstract-System and method for operating a transport refrigeration system including: a trailer system including a vehicle connected to a transport container; an electric generation device operably coupled to a wheel axle of the trailer system, the electric generation device configured to generate electrical power from the rotational energy of the wheel axle to charge an energy storage device when the electric generation device is activated; an energy management system providing power to the transportation refrigeration unit of the trailer system, the energy management system including an energy controller in communication with at least one of the electric generation device, the energy storage device, an electronic braking unit; an anti-lock braking system including the electronic braking unit in communication with the energy controller, wherein at least one of the electronic braking unit and the energy controller is configured to modify the operation of the electric generation device.
id-US20220134888A1    abstract-A brake system and a method of controlling the brake system including a pedal master unit, an electric booster unit, a pedal-feel generating unit, and an electric control unit, wherein the pedal master unit includes a master cylinder and an operating rod, the electric booster unit includes a motor, a motor piston, and a gear device-screw shaft combination, the pedal-feel generating unit includes a reaction disk configured to form a pedal feel force (FRD) and a pedal spring arranged to form a pedal feel force (Fspring), and the electric control unit is configured to variably control, in a regenerative braking mode and in a hydraulic braking mode, a ratio of increase to decrease of the pedal feel force (FRD) and a ratio of increase to decrease of the pedal feel force (Fspring).
id-WO2022112414A1    abstract-The invention relates to muscle-powered or electrically driven vehicles, in particular electric bicycles, using a drive driven by muscle power (2), a power-driven drive (3), a storage device that stores electrical energy (6) to power a motor motor (3) that uses electrical energy; A control device (10) electric power (3) scale,Trittfrequenz and/or Fahrzeuggeschwindigkeit and/or the first one set up by a driver group Drehmoments and/or by a selected driver Unterstutzungsmodus management (11) to determine in an old woman, the electric power of the bicycle (7)(3) and the second build (12) to determine a fixed mitlaufenden The wheels of the unangetriebenen old lady vehicle (8)(1) are simultaneously launched by the device (10) which also sets a ferris wheel of the unangetriebenen (7) and (8) and makes a Drehzahldifferenz bicycle (7) with the unangetrieb enen bicycle (8), which exceeds the threshold, is reduced by an old woman's Ferris wheel (7).
