id-US20160193558A1    abstract-The present invention provides a moisture separator separating condensed water mist in compressed air, and an air cycle system provided with the same. The moisture separator includes a coalescer filter and a wire mesh pad demister. The coalescer filter is provided with a filter media formed of a fiber layer through which compressed air is passed, primarily condensing moisture mist in the compressed air, and filtering foreign particles and a housing supporting the filter media. The wire mesh pad demister is provided at a downstream of the coalescer filter to receive the compressed air passed through the coalescer filter and secondarily condenses moisture mist in the compressed air to separate moisture using gravity.

id-EP3048376B1    abstract-

id-US10234167B2    abstract-An air conditioner including a suction channel module having a suction module housing with a first and a second suction channel provided therein, and a suction connection channel to guide air between the first and second suction channels; a discharge channel module having a discharge module housing with a first and a second discharge channel provided therein, and a discharge connection channel to guide air between the first and second discharge channels; a first heat exchanger disposed between the first suction channel and the first discharge channel to exchange heat with air that passed through the first suction channel and operate as one of a condenser and an evaporator; and a second heat exchanger disposed between the second suction channel and the second discharge channel to exchange heat with air that passed through the second suction channel and operate as the other of the condenser and the evaporator.

id-EP3259536A4    abstract-

id-EP3059512A1    abstract-In the lawsuit Luftungsanlage operates, which belts Zuluftkanal heat by (1)(2) passing from the free Frischluftleitung (4) zugefuhrte air fuhrbar is an Abluftkanal(3). An eingangsseitigen is available through air taken from Gebaudeinneren abgefuhrte and through air taken from the Frischluftleitung(4) Absperrvorrichtung (1112) Warmetauschers Zuluftkanals ending (2)(1) or heat energy by (1) quickly Bypassleitung zufuhrbar (10) will be lower than Temperaturgrenzwertes to stop the Verschlusses commission Abluftkanals Warmetauschers (3)(1) sequential sensitivity repeatedly Abtauphasen have each had an Abtauprozess to carry out at least part of the air from zugefuhrte, preferably in complete freedom in the intended Warmetauschers :(1) shot a about Bypassle itung (10) ausgangsseitigen Zuluftkanals ends (2) with Warmetauschers (1) about Zuluftleitung(5) passing by and Zuluftleitung(5) photographing the skies of Hilfs-Warmetauscher (17) before 2030, and in their Abtaup After rozess from the free zugefuhrte air supply Zuluftkanal "Zuluftleitung Warmetauschers (1)(2)(5) in the set off. In the process of cooling, The auxiliary heat exchanger (17) uses a phase changer (19) to warm the air transported through the vent tube (5). The air solidified during replacement because the air flowed through the vent tube (5), and the cooling pool is remelted when the conveying tube passes through the vent tube (2) into the vent tube (5).
id-US20180045430A1    abstract-An energy recovery assembly for transferring thermal energy between outgoing exhaust air and incoming supply air. The energy recovery assembly comprises a bead receiving conduit section configured to receive and retain a plurality of beads made of thermal conductive material therein, and at least one bead inlet and at least one bead outlet for each bead receiving conduit section. The bead receiving conduit section is positioned across the air transfer path of the ventilation system. Each one of the at least one bead inlet is configurable between an open configuration allowing introduction of beads in the bead receiving conduit section and a closed configuration preventing introduction of the beads therein. Each one of the at least one bead outlet is configurable between an open configuration allowing removal of the beads from the bead receiving conduit section and a closed configuration preventing removal of beads therefrom.

id-WO2016146133A1    abstract-A cooling system and a cooling unit comprising a rotary desiccant wheel and an indirect cooler for supplying cooled intake-air to an air-conditioned building space and for reusing warmed exhaust-air from an air-conditioned building space to cool the cooled intake-air in the indirect cooler. It is intended that Figure 6 shall be published with the application.

id-WO2016151150A1    abstract-A device for thermal use is described, for its installation between a house and the external environment, through which the heat is recovered from a forced current of warmer air and transferred to a second current of forced air of less hot air, being used the energy provided for the generation of domestic hot water or for heating the rooms of the house. The device includes entrances and exits to the street and to the house, heat exchangers between both forced currents, fans with respective exchangers linked to the exits to the house and to the outside, exchangers of residual heat recovery, and means of investment for the action of a fan as evaporator and the generation of cold air to cool the interior of the house.
id-US20180003414A1    abstract-A solar water source heat pump air conditioning system includes an air-water heat exchange system, an aqueous solution heat exchange system, a heat pump main engine, a concentration system, an energy recovery system and a condensate water recovery system. According to the present invention, solar energy in air is absorbed by utilizing the air-water heat exchange system and is provided for a heat pump. Cold-heat transfer is performed between the air-water heat exchange system and the heat pump main engine by adopting the aqueous solution heat exchange system, thereby avoiding frosting and pipeline pollution. Cold energy of air-conditioning condensate water is collected by utilizing the condensate water recovery system and then is used, thereby increasing efficiency of the heat pump main engine. Air flowing through the air-water heat exchange system is purified by adopting a haze purification system, thereby improving air quality.

id-WO2016144888A1    abstract-A method and system is disclosed in which an air to air heat exchanger keeps two air streams separate through the use of metal fins. Edges of alternating fins are folded so that the end is in the proximity of the adjacent fin and the remaining gap is sealed. The fin stack is held together by interlocking features or through the use of a tube, in which case the fin stacks may be stamped and stacked on alignment stakes during production using the same holes as the tubes. The heat exchanger may have extended use in removing moisture and heat from a hot humid air stream. The heat exchanger has utility in heat recovery ventilation systems, clothes dryer heat recovery or other air to air heat exchanger processes where the pressure difference between the airstreams is less than approximately 5000 Pa.

id-US9746200B2    abstract-A building ventilator to provide a supply of air into a building comprises an external inlet port and a separate external outlet port and an internal inlet port and a separate internal outlet port to allow respective airstreams to flow into and out of the ventilator respectively at an exterior and at an interior of the building; a heat exchanger mounted in the flow paths between the external and internal inlet and outlet ports. The ventilator is configured to drive an airflow from the external inlet port through the heat exchanger and out of the ventilator via the internal outlet port; and to drive an airflow from the internal inlet port through the heat exchanger and out of the ventilator via the external outlet port. The ventilator comprises a heating element mounted in the air flow path between the external inlet port and the heat exchanger.

id-EP3096089A1    abstract-The invention relates to a system for controlling the energy balance of a property, comprising an exhaust air duct (1) from the property to the control system, an outflow duct (2) from the control system, an inflow duct (3) to the control system and a supply air duct (4) to the property from the control system. According to the invention the control system comprises a liquid-filled heat storage tank (5). In addition, connected to the heat storage tank there is a compressor (6) including a first heat exchanger (7) disposed between the exhaust air duct (1) and the outflow duct (2) and a second heat exchanger (8) disposed between the inflow duct (3) and the supply air duct (4) for cooling the air flows and recovering heat into the heat storage tank. A heat transfer device (9) is also provided in the exhaust air flow downstream of heat exchanger (7) and in the supply air flow upstream of heat exchanger (8) for transferring heat from the exhaust air flow to the supply air flow. In addition, an additional heater (10) is provided downstream of the second heat exchanger (8) of the compressor (6) in the supply air duct (4) for adjusting the temperature of the supply air flow to be conveyed to the property.

id-US20180095483A1    abstract-The air conditioner has a configuration such that, in an air-warming operation: the average refrigerant exit temperature, which is obtained by averaging the temperature of the refrigerant exits of indoor heat exchangers  7  in a plurality of indoor units  10,  as detected by heat-exchanger-refrigerant-exit temperature probes  34  in the indoor units  10,  is determined; the temperature difference between the average refrigerant exit temperature and the refrigerant exit temperatures of the indoor heat exchangers  7  of each of the indoor units  10  is determined; and the degree to which indoor expansion valves  9  of the indoor units  10  are open is controlled such that the determined temperature difference falls within a predetermined temperature difference range.

id-US20160305683A1    abstract-A regenerative heat exchanger includes an inlet and an outlet in communication with the inlet. The heat exchanger is configured to operate in two modes. A first mode uses only an ambient flow to cool a hot flow and a second mode uses both the ambient flow and a regenerative flow to cool the hot flow.

id-EP3081874B1    abstract-

id-EP3086045A1    abstract-The invention refers to an air treating apparatus comprising a reversible thermo-hygrometric processing complex of an air-to-air heat pump type for the processing, from a thermo-hygrometric viewpoint, of a pair of air flows to be treated coming from an external environment that surrounds a usage environment into a pair of treated air flows, and a conveying section placed downstream of said thermo-hygrometric processing complex to convey said pair of treated air flows to said usage environment and to the external environment. The invention also refers to an operating procedure for said apparatus

id-EP3295089B1    abstract-

id-US11092349B2    abstract-Conditioning systems and methods for providing cooling to a heat load can include an evaporative cooler arranged in a scavenger plenum with a pre-cooler upstream and a recovery coil downstream of the evaporative cooler. Outdoor or scavenger air can be conditioned in the evaporative cooler such that the conditioned scavenger air can provide cooling to a cooling fluid circulating through the recovery coil. The reduced-temperature cooling fluid can provide liquid cooling or air cooling for an enclosed space (for example, a data center) or for one or more devices that are enclosed or open to the atmosphere. Given the design and arrangement of the pre-cooler, evaporative cooler and recovery coil in the plenum, the system can operate in multiple modes. The pre-cooler can be configured to circulate a cooling fluid to condition the scavenger air. The pre-cooler fluid circuit can be coupled or decoupled from a process cooling fluid circuit.

id-US11555618B2    abstract-A method for air conditioning including installing an air conditioning unit at a desired location. The air conditioning unit includes a housing that has air supply inlets and exhaust air outlets. The housing encloses a mode control unit that switches a zone coil associated with a zone from a cooling mode to a heating mode by switching from a cooling medium to a heating medium flowing through the zone coil. The zone coil receives the heating or cooling medium and conditions incoming air from a supply fan to be exhausted in a zone associated with the zone coil. A variable refrigerant flow cooling/heating unit provides a cooling medium or a heating medium at varying rates to control a temperature of a zone.

id-EP3093572B1    abstract-

id-EP3306213B1    abstract-

id-EP3093571B1    abstract-

id-WO2016183668A1    abstract-An example system is configured to control conditions in an enclosed space. The system includes scavenger and process plenums, a liquid-to-air membrane energy exchanger (LAMEE), a first liquid-to-air heat exchanger (LAHX), a second LAHX, and a fluid circuit The scavenger plenum is configured to direct scavenger air from a scavenger inlet to a scavenger outlet. The process plenum is sealed from the scavenger plenum and is configured to direct process air from a process inlet to a process outlet The process inlet receives heated air from the space and the process outlet supplies cooled air to the space. The LAMEE is arranged inside the scavenger plenum. The LAMEE is configured to use the scavenger air to evaporatively cool a first fluid flowing through the LAMEE. The temperature of the first fluid at a LAMEE outlet is lower than the temperature of the first fluid at a LAMEE inlet. The first LAHX is arranged inside the process plenum. The first LAHX is configured to directly and sensibly cool the heated air from the space to a supply air temperature using a second fluid flowing through the first LAHX. The second LAHX is arranged inside the scavenger plenum downstream of the LAMEE. The second LAHX is configured to receive and cool the second fluid heated by the first LAHX using the scavenger air. The fluid circuit transports the first and second fluids among the LAMEE, the first LAHX, and the second LAHX.

id-JP6377270B2    abstract-

id-WO2016186568A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a heat exchange device for heat transfer between a first fluid and a second fluid, wherein the heat exchange device comprises a cover with an inlet and an outlet and a flow direction between them, a plurality of plate elements, wherein each plate element comprises at least two ridges and wherein a plurality of plate elements are arranged in a stack inside the cover, so that the ridges run in the flow direction and so that the ridges of one plate element abut against corresponding ridges in adjacent plate elements, wherein the ridges define the walls of at least three fluid chambers, so that each fluid chamber is defined either by two ridges or by one ridge and one outer edge of the plate element, wherein each fluid chamber is arranged to be a first fluid chamber holding the flow of a first fluid or a second fluid chamber holding the flow of a second fluid, and wherein each first fluid chamber is adjacent to at least one second fluid chamber, and vice versa, and wherein the device is characterised by each fluid chamber being traversed by a plurality of plate elements.

id-US20160348937A1    abstract-An information pushing device includes an information emitting device and a plurality of power generation members. The information pushing device is configured to push wireless information to mobile terminal equipments. Each power generation member includes a strip-shaped of electric generation film and two electrodes formed on two opposite surface of the electric generation film. The electric generation film is made from piezoelectric material, the power generation member comprises a first end and a second end opposite to the first end. The electrodes of the first end is electrically connected with the power supply unit, the second end swings under a cool or a heated airflow and produces charge. The charge is stored in the electrodes and provided to the information emitting device.

id-WO2016194085A1    abstract-The heat exchange type ventilation device is composed of the main body of the air supply path and the exhaust path formed inside, the air supply blower set in the air supply path, the air supply blower set in the exhaust path, and the heat between the air circulating in the air supply path and the air circulating in the exhaust path A heat exchanger (2) for exchange includes a heat exchange element (21), in which a plurality of partition members with a sheet shape and a polygon shape are stacked at intervals, and the heat exchange element (21) extends along the lamination direction of the partition member in the heat exchange element (21). A frame (22) covering the sides is formed in the frame (22) with an outer projection (52) extending along the lamination direction on the opposite side of the surface facing the heat exchange element (21).
id-EP3306208A1    abstract-A heat-exchange type ventilation apparatus includes: a main body in which a supply air path and a discharge air path are formed; a main body in which a supply air path and a discharge air path are formed; an air supplying fan; an air discharging fan; and a heat exchanger (2). The heat exchanger (2) includes a plurality of partition members each having a sheet-like and polygonal shape, the partition members being stacked with spacing therebetween; the air supplying fan (3) and the air discharging fan (4) are placed next to each other in the main body in a stacking direction of the partition members and abut on an edge of the heat exchanger (2), the edge extending in the stacking direction; a groove (25b) extending in the stacking direction is formed in an abutting portion where the air supplying fan (3) and the air discharging fan (4) abut on the heat exchanger (2); and the groove (25b) includes a protrusion (33, 43) extending in the stacking direction.

id-WO2016180509A1    abstract-The invention consists of a device for the air-conditioning of a building with an air/air thermal pollinator for heating, surrounded by a quadruple housing containing other components such as filters, cranks, heaters and/or dehumidifiers. Air is exchanged/Zuluftstrom through at least one first fan or to a Ventilatoreinheit channel and Abluft / Fortluftstrom occurs the second fan or the second Ventilatoreinheit operation, the fan or Ventilatoreinheiten sewn in or the Gehauseaußenwand and the situation is so varied, with all the transport equipment delivered and/or maintained within the parts, And when the machine is running and operating, the equipment is completely outside the machine.
id-WO2016206544A1    abstract-A heat exchange device comprises: The shell, the fan and the heat exchanger element arranged in the shell with a fan outlet and a fan inlet, the shell outlet arranged in the shell is provided with a joint connected with the shell outlet at one end, the joint is composed of more than one pipe connection part of different diameter, and the pipe connection part nearest to the shell outlet is the first pipe connection part. The pipe connecting part farthest from the tuyere of the shell is the second pipe connecting part, the diameter of the first pipe connecting part is larger than the diameter of the second pipe connecting part, and the insulation part is arranged in the joint, and the ventilation air path is provided in the insulation part.
id-EP3311090A4    abstract-

id-WO2017009674A1    abstract-The subject of the invention is universal air blowing and exhausting device, which operates PLC controlled rows of lamellas and fans within a single unit for removing the warm air and for introducing cold air into the room, so that the air exchange is accomplished by passing the air flow coming through the fan (13) and the intake channel (3) to the lamellas of the internal air baffle (4), where it is impacted and divided to the lateral channel (7) and to the internal channel (6), and then blown into the room through the upper air guide grating (8) after flowing through the motor driven rows of lamellas (12), while the air is sucked in through the lower air guide grating (9), which is fixed at the lower part of the framework (1), and then passed through the internal space and the row of motor driven lamellas (12) and the fan (13) for discharging through the upper outlet channel (10).

id-EP3121527B1    abstract-

id-EP3124884B1    abstract-

id-US20170016645A1    abstract-Energy-saving method/system for heating and humidifying a building or car's saloon are disclosed. The method includes—drawing in an outside airstream,—passing it via a dry channel and then, via a wet channel, in an opposite direction. Thereafter, the outside airstream is heated and directed to the building as supply air. An exhaust airstream from the building is introduced into a product channel. The wet channel is situated between the dry and product channels. The wet channel is in pairwise heat-exchange interactions with the wet and product channels. Water vapor, contained in the exhaust airstream, is condensed, discharged into the atmosphere at a temperature closed to the dew point. The outside airstream, passed along the wet channel, is transfer-heated and humidified by the exhaust airstream. Water from the product channel is used for wetting the wet channel. The system includes at least two membranes arranged between the channels.

id-EP3330626B1    abstract-

id-JPWO2017009955A1    abstract-To improve the efficiency of the refrigeration system by accurately grasping the current amount of heat in the load side equipment. The heat pump stirrer 1, the load side device 2, and the water refrigerant heat exchanger and the load side device are connected by piping, and the water refrigerant heat exchanger and the load side device are used for the heat exchange between the refrigerant and the heat medium, so that the water is circulated through the pump 3. Water circuit 4 for conveying the amount of heat supplied by the load side device to the load side device, temperature sensors 23a and 23b for detecting the temperature of the water, pressure sensors 24a and 24b for detecting the pressure of the water, and absorption for determining the load indicator of the load in the load side device. A temperature sensor 25 and a control device 30 control the operation of the compressor and pump according to the values obtained from the temperature sensor, pressure sensor and intake temperature sensor respectively.
id-US20170073736A1    abstract-Sequence specific DNA amplification and analysis techniques are provided. In some aspects, methods of the embodiments comprise amplifying sequence from two regions of a target sequence in the presence of a blocking oligonucleotide (e.g., such as a phosphorothioate-containing oligonucleotide) that hybridizes to the target sequence between the two regions. In some specific embodiments, a method is provided for detecting bacteria (such as detecting gram-positive or gram-negative bacteria) in a biological sample using polymerase chain reaction (PCR).

id-JP6541790B2    abstract-

id-EP3153807B1    abstract-

id-JPWO2017026054A1    abstract-An air conditioning system composed of multiple heat pump cycles, in which the heat exchanger installed in the air handling unit is connected to each compressor, outdoor heat exchanger, and pressure reducer of multiple outdoor units by refrigerant piping respectively. The air conditioning system has a number control unit that selects at least one of the above outdoor units for operation from a plurality of the above outdoor units based on the load of the air handling unit and the individual capacity of the multiple outdoor units, and operates the selected outdoor units.
id-US10215440B1    abstract-A heat exchanger and method which is able to perform in different seasons. The heat exchanger has an upper header and a lower header. Multiple heat pipes extend between the upper header and the lower header, with each of the multiple heat pipes having an evaporator section at one end and a condenser section at the opposite end. The direction of heat flow through the multiple heat pipes is variable depending on ambient air conditions applied to the heat exchanger. A pump is provided in fluid communication with the upper header and the lower header. The pump operates when the heat exchanger is operating in a second mode in which the evaporator section is located above the condenser section, and the pump is disabled when the heat exchanger is operating in a first mode in which the condenser section is located above the evaporator section.

id-JP6675057B2    abstract-

id-US20170086334A1    abstract-A point to multipoint closed loop chilled water and refrigerant distribution and control system used to distribute chilled water to air handling systems used to supply cold air ventilation to data center rooms and to the electronic equipment mounted therein which require constant cooling by using a control system controlling variable speed pumps, fans, compressors and condensers to operate a closed loop, variable flow refrigerant system and a plurality of associated closed loop water systems working in conjunction with heat exchangers to provide chilled water to interior air handling systems, provide hot water to heating applications and to provide radiant heat or forced air heating to other occupied spaces where desirable within a building containing a data center.

id-US10393400B2    abstract-An evaporative cooler which has a main body that has an air supply inlet, an air supply outlet, a bleeding inlet, and a bleeding outlet; and a heat exchange unit. An air supply passage and a bleeding passage are spatially separated from each other to prevent fluid passing through the bleeding passage from being introduced to indoors via the air supply passage.

id-EP3141832A1    abstract-The invention relates to a device for dual temperature heating and air conditioning, which comprises a casing (1) with at least one air inlet (2) and at least two air outlets (3, 4), whereby at least one heat exchanger (5) is arranged in the inner space of the casing (2) in the way of the air. The air outlets (3, 4) are divided into two groups arranged in the path of the air behind the heat exchanger (5), whereby in the casing (1) is swingingly arranged between two positions a switching flap (6), which in one position blocks the direct path of the air between the air inlet (2) and the other group of outlets (4) outside the heat exchanger (5) and at the same time opens a path for the air stream between the heat exchanger (5) and the second group of outlets (4), whereby in its second position the switching flap (6) opens a direct path for the air stream between the air inlet (2) and the second group of outlets (4) outside the heat exchanger and at the same time blocks the path of the air stream between the heat exchanger (5) and the second group of outlets (4).

id-US10670297B2    abstract-An electrical energy generation system can include a housing, an electrical generator supported by the housing, a turbine operatively connected to the electrical generator, and a hollow frustum positioned in the housing and spaced apart from the turbine. The frustum can be configured to receive airflow via a lower opening and to direct the airflow toward the turbine with increased velocity. Another electrical energy generation system can include an electrical generator, a turbine operatively connected to the electrical generator, and an enclosed passageway configured to increase a speed of an airflow from an artificial source toward the turbine. The enclosed passageway can be positioned to support the turbine. The systems can include one or more baffle elements to straighten the airflow along a direction aligned with a rotational axis of the turbine. Electrical energy generation systems harvest waste or exhaust air from rooftop vent or fan assemblies.

id-US10718543B2    abstract-Described herein is an apparatus and method for avoiding frost and ice buildup in and on vent pipes that transport a stream of gas from the inside to the outside of a building. The apparatus and method comprise a heat-conducting path that extracts heat energy from the stream of gas exiting the vent pipe, and transfers this energy to the frost and ice condensing surfaces at or near the terminus of the vent pipe. The heat-conducting path comprises a heat pipe. In one embodiment the heat-conducting path further comprises a heat exchanger. The passive transfer of heat energy via the heat-conducting path, from the stream of gas to the condensing surfaces of the vent pipe, avoids frost and ice buildup in or around the terminus of the vent pipe.

id-EP3370005A4    abstract-

id-EP3370003A1    abstract-An air passage switching device (18) provided in a heat exchange ventilation device (50) including a discharge air passage (7), and a bypass air passage (19) branching off from the discharge air passage (7), to switch between the discharge air passage (7) and the bypass air passage (19) in the heat exchange ventilation device (50) through which airflow passes, the air passage switching device (18) including a first air-passage switching unit including first air-passage switching members, each of which has a rotational shaft extending in a direction parallel to a bottom surface (1b) of the heat exchange ventilation device (50), and a second air-passage switching unit including a second air-passage switching member having a rotational shaft extending in a direction perpendicular to the bottom surface (1b) of the heat exchange ventilation device (50), wherein the air passage switching device (18) switches between the discharge air passage (7) and the bypass air passage (19) to which air drawn into a casing (1) from a room is directed, in accordance with a rotational position of the first and second air-passage switching members.

id-EP3159618A2    abstract-shift Mischeinrichtung(20), especially suitable for having at least one first Hauptstromungsweg raumlufttechnische attachment (1) from Abluftanschluss (rep) to Fortluftanschluss (FOL), another Hauptstromungsweg (3) from Außenluftanschluss - AUL Zuluftanschluss (ZUL) and one or two Stromungswege integrated house issues (2), special design, There are two interconnecting internal flow codes (20), or at least two parallel codes (20,1,20,2).
id-EP3370002A4    abstract-

id-US20180328601A1    abstract-The invention relates to a ventilation system (10) with heat recovery adsorber, the ventilation system (10) for being installed in buildings, wherein the ventilation system (10) furthermore comprises at least one exterior intake/outlet opening (11) for an air stream from outside of the building and at least one interior intake/outlet opening (23) for an air stream from inside the building, at least one air fan unit (14) and at least one filter unit (12, 22), wherein the heat recovery adsorber includes a heat exchange material (16) for absorbing and releasing heat from the air streams and a sorption material (18) for at least adsorbing and desorbing at least one sorbate from the air streams, wherein the at least one sorbate is water vapor, said sorption material (18) comprising at least one adsorbent for water vapor exhibiting an s-shaped water adsorption isotherm (30) at room temperature (25° C.+/−10° C.) with a steep increase in a narrow relative humidity range, wherein a main loading lift of the adsorbent for water vapor occurs in the relative humidity range from 0.1 to 0.5 and the saturation capacity of the adsorbent for water vapor lies in the range from 0.25 to 1.2 kgwater/kgadsorbent. The invention further relates to methods and uses for combined heat recovery, cooling/heating and dehumidifying/humidifying of air streams for buildings as well as such buildings.

id-EP3168544B1    abstract-

id-EP3165838A1    abstract-One installation (1) Beluften and Konditionieren - heating or shady rooms and Brauchwasser heating work consists of two distinct Warmepumpenkreise i.e. Warmepumpenkreis (40 years old) for heating Warmwassersp eicher(21) in the separation of water is further obtained in the Konditionieren beluftenden space of Warmepumpenkreis (41). Hot air balloons (40 and 41) have a common thermal sprayer (18) that acts as a container or evaporator. The air flow, air flow, air, and outdoor air are all operated by a heat exchanger that turns the heat flow back (12).
id-US20190226703A1    abstract-A composite ion exchange membrane is made by combining ionomer with porous polyolefin, such as polyethylene or polypropylene. The composite ion exchange membrane may be used in the core of an energy recovery ventilator. The core of the energy recovery ventilator may comprise corrugated or pleated supports for supporting the composite ion exchange membrane. The air flow into the energy recovery ventilator may be modified to actively create non-laminar flow.

id-US20230095296A1    abstract-A composite exchange membrane is made by combining ionomer with porous polyolefin, such as polyethylene or polypropylene. The composite ion exchange membrane may be used in the core of an energy recovery ventilator. The core of the energy recovery ventilator may comprise corrugated or pleated supports for supporting the composite ion exchange membrane. The air flow into the energy recovery ventilator may be modified to actively create non-laminar flow.

