id-US20230228448A1    abstract-An integrated heat pump energy recovery ventilator system is provided for installing in a chase of a wall, the integrated heat pump energy recovery ventilator system comprising an air intake duct; an air outlet duct; a pump in fluid communication with the air intake duct; and in order: a heat pump compressor plate; an outer insulation panel; an outer energy recovery ventilator core; a heat pump evaporator plate and an inner energy recovery ventilator core, wherein the heat pump condenser plate, the outer heat pump energy recovery ventilator core, the evaporator plate and the inner heat pump energy recovery ventilator core all include at least a first series of channels and a second series of channels, the second series of channels disposed normal to the first series of channels, each series of channels.

id-US20230213227A1    abstract-A ventilation system including a ventilator and a processor. The ventilator includes a housing, first intake, second intake, first outlet, second outlet, dampers, first air blower, second air blower, total heat exchanger, and heat exchanger. The processor is configured to change the air flow path of air flowing through the housing from an intake flow path and discharge flow path while in a ventilation mode to a heat exchanger cleaning mode or a total heat exchanger drying mode, in which air in the room flows into the housing through the first outlet, passes through the heat exchanger and then the total heat exchanger, and is discharged to the space outside the room through the second outlet.

id-WO2023131532A1    abstract-The invention relates to a heat exchanger apparatus for temperature regulation in a building. The apparatus has an inlet section (2) with a wedge-shaped inlet channel having a wide opening at an air inlet and a gradually narrowing cross-section, and wherein the inlet channel has a side-opening towards a heat exchange section (4). The heat exchange section has plate-shaped phase change material (PCM) modules (8) mounted in an inclined stacked formation forming a series of air channels (40) between the PCM modules extending from the inlet section to the wedge-shaped outlet section (6) so that the airflow is gradually redirected from the inlet section and into the air channels of the heat exchange section. The heat exchanger with PCM plate modules has a low pressure drop meaning low additional energy consumption, and the heat exchanger has a very even airflow offering a system that provides effective cooling until all energy stored in the PCM plate modules is dispatched.

id-US20230243546A1    abstract-An energy recovery system used in an Air-Conditioning system (HVAC) that also serves as a supporting base structure. Commonly used with mass produced residential or light commercial manufactured air conditioning systems where air handling units are located indoors. The arrangement includes core or wheel type energy recovery media arranged and affixed within a support base in an orientation and method to maximize the amount of energy recovery surface area installed in a minimum area while still allowing good airflow practices. Other items included may be filter racks preceding where air enters the energy recovery cores, a singular or multiple fan(s) to move the air, a condensate drain pan, shut off and bypass dampers, defrost components and sensors. A direct digital controller may also be included to maximize efficiency and control.

id-EP4206551A1    abstract-The present invention discloses an apparatus (10) for treating air in arenas (100) comprising air movement means (11a, 11b), detector devices (12) of environmental parameters, a heat exchanger (26), at least one air thermal treatment device (27) and a control unit. The invention also describes a method for using an apparatus (10) for air treatment.

id-US11604005B1    abstract-An in-line device for controlling a ventilation system for an enclosed space is featured. The ventilation system is configured to produce a first airflow from an external environment to the enclosed space and a second airflow from the enclosed space to the external environment. The in-line device includes a first electrical interface configured to connect to an electrical outlet, a second electrical interface configured to receive a power plug for the ventilation system, and a controller configured to control the ventilation system based on a first parameter of the first airflow and a second parameter of the second airflow.

