id-WO2017117644A1    abstract-Systems and methods for controlling conditions in an enclosed space can include an integral make-up air system that can be arranged in the interior of the housing for an air conditioning system that uses scavenger air in an air-to-air heat exchanger (AAHX) to condition process air from an enclosed space. The make-up air system can take replenishment air from outside the air conditioning system and deliver it into the process air stream. The make-up air system can include at least one heating or cooling device to condition the replenishment air before the replenishment air mixes with the process air. In an example, the make-up air system can include a DX coil to selectively cool and dehumidify the replenishment air. The make-up air system can include a humidifier arranged in the flow path of process air between the process air inlet and the AAHX to selectively add humidity to the process air.

id-US10935269B2    abstract-A ventilator includes an exhaust air duct for exhausting air from an interior space to an outside and a supply air duct for supplying air from the outside to the interior space, and is equipped with a heat exchanger and a defroster. The heat exchanger performs heat exchange between air passing through the exhaust air duct and air passing through the supply air duct. The defroster defrosts, when frost attaches to the heat exchanger, the heat exchanger by, after air flows into the exhaust air duct or the supply air duct, changing a state of the air.

id-EP3193093A3    abstract-A conditioning machine of the freecooling type (10), particularly for conditioning computer centers, of the type comprising, arranged in a box-like container (11): - a water evaporation device (12), for cooling a conditioning air flow (13), comprising in turn: - an air/air heat exchanger (14), - water dispensing means (15), adapted to wet from above the air/air heat exchanger (14), - collecting means (16) for the water that descends from the air/air heat exchanger (14), - a recirculation pump (17) for the rise of the air cooling water from the collecting means (16) to the dispensing means (15) arranged above the air/air heat exchanger (14), - fans (18) for moving the air flow (13), - external air filters (19) for an input air flow (33); the external air filters (19) comprise glass fiber filtering material.

id-EP3193090A1    abstract-The invention refers to an air renewing unit (10) for renewing the air of a usage environment (200) with air from an outer environment (300) comprising a transiting volume (11), at least one introducing section (12), a take-up section (13) for introducing a flow of take-up air (50) and a flow of replacing air (60), at least one feeding section (14) for feeding a flow of renewing air (70), at least one discharging section (15) for discharging a flow of exhausted air (80), connecting interfaces (17) inserted into said transiting volume (11), and at least one reversible thermo-hygrometric processing complex of an air-to-air heat pump type (16) partially inserted into said transiting volume (11). The peculiarity of the invention consists in the fact that said connecting interfaces (17) comprise a first and a second activable/deactivable barrier (18, 19) set up according to a crossed conformation and maneuverable according to a first/second working configuration depending on a direct/reverse operating mode of said reversible complex (16). The invention further refers to an operating procedure of said air renewing unit (10).

id-JP2019508656A    abstract-The purpose of the invention is to provide an air conditioner in which humidity regulation and heating and air purification and ventilation can be realized by a simple structure. The air harmonizer of the present invention for this purpose includes the first air channel connected at both ends of the indoor air channel, the second air channel connected at both ends of the outdoor air channel, the first region equipped with the first air channel and the second region equipped with the second air channel A rotor member composed of adsorbent material that alternates between the first region and the second region through rotation; A control section that controls the rotation of the source member and the path direction transformation of the flow path transformation section. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-JP6713301B2    abstract-

id-JP6444545B2    abstract-

id-WO2017138718A1    abstract-The invention aims to provide an air conditioning unit in which humidity control and heating and air cleaning and ventilation can be implemented by a simple structure. An air conditioning device of the present invention for the purpose of implementing, a first air flow furnace with two ends connected with the interior; A second air channel with two ends connected with the outdoors; A rotor member comprising a first area furnished on the above first air-flow furnace, and a second area furnished on the above second air-flow furnace, and a sorbent material alternately passing through the first and second areas above by rotation; A flow diversion unit equipped at the junction of the above first and second air passages to ensure diversion of the above first and second air passages; Includes a control unit that controls the rotation of the phase rotor member and the flow direction of the phase transition unit.
id-WO2017173001A1    abstract-A compact countercurrent heat recovery ventilation system includes an air module assembly and heat exchanger assembly. Air module assembly made from front and back panels connected by two side panels, base plate fixed with the side panels and placed parallel between side panels and a double side radial impeller with a shaft, an electric drive form two hydraulically isolated flow canals with inlet and outlet openings. The heat exchanger assembly comprises a heat-exchanger that could be done as changeable flow side heat-exchanger made as folded corrugated fins or plates, thus each of the both flow passages split in plurality separate flow channels. Every other channel is sealed to flow from flow same direction forcing the flow to be in opposite direction in all adjacent cannels. This forms two hydraulically isolated flow passages with intake and outtake openings connected respectively with outlet and inlet openings of the air blower assembly. This is useful for systems that are mounted inside of the wall or ceiling and can constitute a part of room decor.

id-US10212914B1    abstract-Heat exchangers extract heat from an air stream and deliver the heat to another airstream. The heat exchangers are modified with a filtration system to allow the heat exchanger to effectively run within the poultry house environment. The poultry house is retrofitted with at least four flat-plate cross-flow heat exchangers. The heat exchangers operate to meet at least the minimum ventilation rates for the young birds. As birds grow, heat exchangers operate in conjunction with building exhaust fans for ventilation needs. Multiple heat exchangers are located throughout the house to provide appropriate ventilation.

id-EP3225926A1    abstract-A heat exchange device (10) for air cooling for conditioning and climate control systems for server rooms and the like, which comprises: - an air/air heat exchanger (11), designed to be passed through by a primary air stream (12) along a first trajectory (X) from an intake region (13) to an outflow region (14) and by a secondary air stream (33) along a second trajectory (Y) from a corresponding intake region (36) to a corresponding outflow region (37), - water dispensing means (15) adapted to wet the heat exchanger (11) downward from above, - means (16) of collecting the water that descends from the heat exchanger (11), - a recirculation pump (17) for returning the air-cooling water from the collection means up to the dispensing means arranged above the heat exchanger (11); the water dispensing means comprise a plurality of nozzles arranged side by side, or rows of nozzles (18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23), which are adapted to dispense water with a flow-rate that decreases starting from the intake region (13) for the primary air stream (12) toward the outflow region (14) of the heat exchanger (11).

id-WO2017162996A1    abstract-A cooling system for a building (3). A desiccant regenerating section (2) is used to regenerate diluted desiccant liquid into concentrated desiccant liquid using a solar or waste heat source (30), and a desiccant cooling section (1) is used to cool air and comprises a first mass-heat exchanger (11) and a second mass-heat exchanger (12). The first mass-heat exchanger (11) comprises a scavenging air pathway for evaporatively cooling a scavenging or return air stream which is then used to cool the concentrated desiccant liquid, and a process air pathway for dehumidifying a first incoming air stream (20) using the cooled concentrated desiccant liquid. The second mass-heat exchanger (12) comprises a first air pathway for evaporatively cooling the first incoming air stream using water, and an outlet for outputting the cooled air stream (16) to the building (3).

id-EP3222923A1    abstract-The design of the invention is to design a building ventilation system, and install a hot fire extinguisher and an electric fan in the main pool. A novel approach is proposed, that is, one is placed between two heat exchangers and an electric fan. By switching sizes with heat, they can be mutated according to vent characteristics.
id-EP3214381A1    abstract-In order to reduce the sensation of draught and in order to reduce the frosting of the outer cladding of the building, in the invented ventilation device (100): i) a fresh air duct (65, 62A, 68) comprises a jet flow duct (68) for converting the air flow travelling in the fresh air duct (65, 62A, 68) into a jet flow, the discharge direction of which jet flow duct (68) has been tilted upwards from the horizontal level; and ii) the exhaust air duct (66, 62B, 69) comprises a jet flow duct (69) for converting the air flow travelling in the exhaust air duct (66, 62B, 69) into a jet flow, the discharge direction of which jet flow duct (69) has been tilted downwards from the horizontal level.      Please note that here are also parallel independent claims for the ventilation window and for the methods mentioned in the title of the invention.

id-EP3220068A1    abstract-Beluftungssystem (100) produces Luftstromes... The buildings (200) - at least one Außenluftleitung(110) - execute the air in the ground floor area of the building (200)(210) building (200) - where appropriate, at least one zuschaltbaren water heating / - Kuhleinrichtung Außenluftleitung(140)(110), basically - at least a vertical Steigkanal(120) policy Zuluftstromes(9) and Abluftstromes (9a) The interior of the building (200)9a) has at least one (130) air pipe on the roof (230), direct flow to (9a), on the roof of Jindehu (200), there is a hot water pump (19), in Jindehu (9a) out of the gate and/or outside air (200) forward
id-EP3214254A1    abstract-For the achievement of ventilation with a quieter operating sound and/or for the achievement of a greater air flow volume per a unit of time of a ventilation device (100), a ventilation device (100) is proposed, where the fresh air duct (65, 62A, 68) and the exhaust air duct (66, 62B, 69) have been arranged to run in the first vertical direction side by side without crossing each other, first in the first direction against each other and then after a bend (34, 35) in the opposite vertical direction still against each other, ending up in a counter flow heat exchanger (62), where the inlet and outlet of the fresh air duct (62A) of the counter flow heat exchanger and of the exhaust air duct (62B) of the counter flow heat exchanger are at the opposite ends of the counter flow heat exchanger (62) mutually on the same side, in which case the crossing of the fresh air duct (65, 62A, 68) and the exhaust air duct (66, 62B, 69) with each other on the outside of the counter flow heat exchanger (62) is avoidable. Also contains an independent claim for a ventilation window.

id-JP6482727B2    abstract-

id-US9702634B1    abstract-Energy systems in different industrial applications including automotive applications experience between 20 to 50 percent of raw energy input as waste heat. in the form of hot exhaust gases, hot cooling water and lost heat from hot equipment surfaces including heated products. Continued efforts to improve systems energy efficiency, recovering waste heat losses provide attractive opportunities for reduced emission and less costly energy resources. This invention introduces other methods for higher performance of existing energy consuming systems by optimizing the performance of some of the system modules that contributes to the waste energy. in turn reduce energy consumption of these systems, reduces its operating cost, damages to the population health by reducing pollution improving the environment quality, and also reduces the cost of health care. Improving efficiency of the module's' which contribute large percentage of waste energy as by-product from the operation of these systems can improve the system efficiency.

id-JP6727293B2    abstract-

id-WO2017178667A1    abstract-Energy utilization equipment that, applicable to be coupled to an apparatus that produces cold generating heat that is expelled to the exterior and to use it to heat a subsidiary circuit, characterized by comprising a closed circuit of fluid that flows, driven by a pump incorporated to the effect, between a radiator, coupled to the apparatus that produces cold so that it heats with the heat that is generated in it, and a storage tank or recuperator of heat to which, In turn, the subsidiary circuit to be heated is coupled.
id-JP2019515244A    abstract-The invention provides a heat exchanger for exchanging energy between air flows. This heat exchanger is equipped with laminated plates. The stacked plates are given a flow channel for air flow to be given between the plates adjacent to each other. The first and second types of plates differ in weight and/or raw materials from each other. The invention also relates to a ventilation device having a heat exchanger, a window frame provided with such a ventilation device and a building provided with such a ventilation device or a window frame. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20170343239A1    abstract-An air conditioning unit includes a compressor, a condenser coil, a condenser outdoor fan, a metering/expansion device, an evaporator coil and an evaporator/indoor fan. The outdoor fan and the indoor fan are direct drive plenum fans controlled by variable frequency drives.

id-US20170343232A1    abstract-A water-to-air system using a modulating/proportionate control valve to regulate the amount of sensible reheat when operating in a dehumidification mode is disclosed. When in the reheat/dehumidification mode of operation, the modulating valve regulates the volume of water through a condenser coil to regulate refrigerant temperature to provide for sufficient reheating of the equipment supply air temperature within a narrow range, regardless of the inlet water temperature. The air conditioning system may be any type of water-cooled system, including a water source heat pump or water-cooled air conditioner.

id-US20200318851A1    abstract-An economizer controller calibration method, comprising: sealing an economizer perimeter gap between the economizer frame and a Heating, Ventilating Air Conditioning (HVAC) system cabinet to reduce an uncontrolled outdoor airflow; determining a functional relationship between an economizer actuator voltage (x) and a damper position Outdoor Airflow Fraction (OAF) (y); monitoring the economizer actuator voltage (x) and measuring at least one airflow characteristic to calculate the damper position OAF (y) and obtain a set of x-versus-y data for at least two damper positions: closed, intermediate, and fully-open; calculating at least two coefficients of the functional relationship using the x-versus-y data; calculating a target economizer actuator voltage (xt) as a function of a required OAFr (yr) using the functional relationship; and positioning the damper using the target economizer actuator voltage (xt) to provide the target damper position OAFr (yr) within a tolerance of the required OAFr (yr).

id-US10690358B2    abstract-Air conditioning units, systems, and methods that control temperature and humidity within a space in a building, for example, using a recovery wheel, a desiccant-based or passive dehumidification wheel, a primary cooling coil; and a secondary direct-expansion refrigeration circuit that includes a secondary circuit compressor, a secondary circuit evaporator coil, and a secondary circuit condenser coil. In various embodiments, the system forms a supply airstream that passes outdoor air first through the recovery wheel, then through the primary cooling coil, then through the secondary circuit evaporator coil, then through the dehumidification wheel, and then to the space. Further, in many embodiments, the system forms an exhaust airstream that passes return air from the space first through the secondary circuit condenser coil, then through the dehumidification wheel, and then through the recovery wheel. In some embodiments, various quantities of heat and moisture are transferred between the two airstreams.

id-US20200116372A1    abstract-Methods and systems for controlling temperature and humidity within a space in a building. Outdoor air and return air from the space are passed through particular equipment in a particular order. Equipment includes a secondary direct-expansion refrigeration circuit, a recovery wheel, a primary cooling coil or direct-expansion refrigeration circuit, secondary circuit coils, and a dehumidification wheel. Various embodiments include modulating the secondary circuit compressor to adjust reheat capacity at the secondary circuit condenser coil, a geothermal direct-expansion refrigeration circuit, a variable refrigerant flow subsystem, fan coil units, multiple zones, a dedicated outdoor air supply subsystem, an evaporative cooler, supplemental outdoor air, or a combination thereof. In some embodiments, supply air passes first through the recovery wheel, then through the primary cooling coil, then through the dehumidification wheel, and then to the space. Further, in some embodiments, exhaust air passes through the dehumidification wheel, and then through the recovery wheel.

id-US10578522B2    abstract-The present invention provides a ventilation system for improving air quality of an indoor space. The system includes sensors for measuring PM2.5 particle level P, CO 2  level C, and TVOC level T in the indoor space. A control circuit is configured to receive P, C and T values and generate an output signal Vout according to a specific algorithm, which in turn controls speed-variable EC motors that drive ventilating fans. The invention exhibits numerous technical merits such as lower energy consumption, programmable operation, high efficiency, and lower noise, among others.

id-EP3258179B1    abstract-

id-US11353227B2    abstract-Method and device for reducing or eliminating a temperature drop of the supply air temperature during defrost operation, at an air handling unit ( 1 ) which is arranged with a heat pump ( 2 ) for recovering heat from an extract air stream ( 3 ) and transfer to a supply air stream ( 4 ). During defrosting of a first DX-coil ( 5 ), arranged in the extract air stream ( 3 ), by reversible operation of the heat pump ( 2 ), accumulated heat energy (E) is used for reduction or elimination of the temperature drop in the supply air temperature during the defrost operation, and which energy has been stored in an accumulator medium ( 7 ) which is at least partially in contact with the supply air flow ( 4 ). The stored energy (E) is delivered by heat exchange with the supply air stream ( 4 ) in a position after a second DX-coil ( 6 ) through a heating coil ( 8 ) arranged in the supply air stream ( 4 ).

id-JP6252703B1    abstract-[issue] expand the range of humidity control capacity in humidity control equipment. The control department (95) controls the refrigerant circuit (50) and the channel switching mechanism (40) in order to carry out the first humidity regulating operation and the second humidity regulating operation. In the first humidity control operation, the bypass passage 80 is closed, the outdoor air (OA) is supplied to the room through one of the first adsorption heat exchangers (51,52), and the indoor air (RA) is supplied to the room through the first adsorption heat exchangers (51,52). It passes through the other and is discharged outside the room. In the second humidity control operation, the bypass passage (80) is opened, and the outdoor air (OA) is supplied to the room through one of the first and second adsorption heat exchangers (51,52) and the bypass passage (80), and the indoor air (RA) is supplied to the room through the bypass passage (80). It passes through the other side of the switch (51,52) and is discharged outdoors. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-EP3260793A1    abstract-Luftfuhrungseinrichtung Policy for Luftstroms Innenraumbeluftung which innenraumseitigen Auslass an außenseitigen Auslass as well as a Stromungsraum is applicable along the Langsachse day facing innenraumseitigem Auslass to außenseitigem Auslass, and has at least one Schwenkachse schwenkbar, Luftfiltereinheit and a Luftfiltereinheit related Stellantrieb Schwenkbewegung Luftfiltereinheit Schwenkachse. The wave axis is a longitudinal tilt to the flow zone in the pool, or the wave axis is parallel to the flow axis outside the flow circle in the pool.
id-EP3258184A1    abstract-A building, in particular a Schwimmhalle device, which exchanges moisture and heat, consists of an enclosure (2) with Ablufteinlass(10) and a Fortluftauslass(16), which is up before Stromungskanal (20), with Aussenlufteinla ss(14) and a Zuluftauslass(12), the second is Stromungskanal (18) up. The air duct (22) forms a variable repeater (22) when the exhaust (28) exchanges heat with the outside air (30), and the vacuum cleaner acts as a humidity heater between the exhaust (28) and the outside air (30). In a steady-state plant, where the air is contaminated by at least 90%, and preferably at least 100%, the air (30) is vacuumed to the required absolute humidity by the vacuum cleaner (22) without the condensation stage.
id-US20170350607A1    abstract-A hybrid air conditioning apparatus includes a first air conditioning device and a second air conditioning device. The first air conditioning device is a cooling and heating air conditioner, and the second air conditioning device communicates with the first air conditioning device. Air modulated by the second air conditioning device is sent to the first air conditioning device for cooling and heating air adjustment. Accordingly, the air discharged from the first air conditioning device has enhanced quality and all kinds of properties in the air are provided uniformly.

id-US20220228763A1    abstract-Systems and methods for controlling temperature and humidity within a space in a building. Outdoor air and return air from the space are passed through particular equipment in a particular order. Equipment includes a secondary direct-expansion refrigeration circuit, a recovery wheel, a primary cooling coil, secondary circuit evaporator and condenser coils, and a dehumidification wheel. Various embodiments include multiple zones, chilled beams, and a dedicated outdoor air supply (DOAS) subsystem delivering dehumidified air to active chilled beams. In various embodiments, supply air passes first through the recovery wheel, then through the primary cooling coil, then through the dehumidification wheel, and then to the space. Further, in some embodiments, exhaust air passes through the dehumidification wheel and then through the recovery wheel. Pump modules may supply chilled beams and control their temperature to avoid condensation. A chiller may supply cooling water to both the primary cooling coil and the pump modules.

id-US20190024932A1    abstract-A hybrid air conditioning apparatus includes a first air conditioning device and a second air conditioning device. The first air conditioning device is a cooling and heating air conditioner, and the second air conditioning device communicates with the first air conditioning device. Air modulated by the second air conditioning device is sent to the first air conditioning device for cooling and heating air adjustment. Accordingly, the air discharged from the first air conditioning device has enhanced quality and all kinds of properties in the air are provided uniformly.

id-US20220264838A1    abstract-A ventilation apparatus for ventilating a building. The ventilation apparatus comprises a casing comprising: a cavity for housing a removable heat-exchange cartridge; a service door providing access to the cavity; a primary and secondary pathways fluidly connecting the inside of the budding to the outside of the budding, wherein the primary pathway and the secondary pathway cross the cavity along about perpendicular axes; a primary ventilator for forcing an airflow in the budding through the primary pathway; and a controllable secondary ventilator for forcing a controllable airflow through the secondary pathway. The ventilation apparatus, when the casing houses the heat-exchange cartridge, has the primary ventilator forcing an inflow of air through the primary pathway, and (ii) the controllable second ventilator for controllably forcing either an outflow or an inflow of air through the secondary pathway. The ventilation apparatus, without heat-exchange cartridge, has only inflow(s) forced through the pathway(s).

id-US10448761B2    abstract-A self-checkout system comprises a cabinet housing, the cabinet including a ventilated region; a point of sale (POS) station at the cabinet housing, the POS station including heat-generating components, the ventilated region of the cabinet housing removing heat generated from the POS components from the cabinet housing; and an air flow system at an interior of the cabinet housing that outputs air through the ventilated region.

id-US20180045423A1    abstract-A combined gas-compressor and dehumidifier system composed of a gas compressor for compressing a first gas, a dehumidifier for dehumidifying a second gas, and a cooling system. The gas compressor is composed of (a) one or more compression stages and (b) one or more intercoolers, wherein the one or more intercoolers are connected to a cooling system. The dehumidifier for dehumidifying a second gas is composed of a first dehumidifying stage that uses a first desiccant to adsorb water from the second gas and output a second intermediate gas, a second dehumidifying stage that uses a second desiccant to adsorb water from the second intermediate gas, and a waste heat exchanger, wherein the waste heat exchanger is used to reactivate the first desiccant. The cooling system is composed of a liquid contained in connectors, and the connectors connecting the one or more intercoolers to remove heat from the gas compressor and provide the removed heat to the dehumidifier.

id-US20180051903A1    abstract-An apparatus includes a frame and a damper blade moveable between a closed position and an open position. A biasing member is coupled to the frame and exerts a biasing force to urge the damper blade towards a substantially closed position. A magnet coupled to the damper blade exerts a magnetic force to pull the damper blade from the substantially closed position to the closed position. When the damper blade is in the open position and an upstream airflow pressure falls below a first predetermined threshold, the biasing member moves the damper blade to the substantially closed position, and the magnetic force then pulls the damper blade to the closed position, automatically inhibiting airflow through the frame. When the damper blade is in the closed position and an upstream airflow pressure is increased to a second predetermined threshold, the damper blade is released from the closed position.

id-WO2018056191A1    abstract-The purpose of the present invention is to provide a heat exchange type ventilation device that can automatically determine the opening area of the air flow adjustment damper and simplify on-site construction. Heat exchange-type ventilation equipment (1) consists of an air supply blower equipped with an air supply motor, an air supply blower equipped with an air supply motor, an air supply path (7) in which air supply blower is used to blow air from the outside to the room, and an air supply blower is used to blow air from the room to the outside. The device is located at the intersection of the exhaust path, the air supply path (7) and the exhaust path. It includes a heat exchange element for exchanging heat when ventilating indoor and outdoor air, and a current detection part for detecting the current flowing in the air supply motor. The heat exchange ventilation device controls the rotation speed of the air supply motor through the control unit (11). The air supply path is connected to the circulating air path 14 of the unit air conditioning unit 13. The control unit 11 controls the air flow adjustment set in the air supply path 7, so that the current value of the air supply motor detected by the current detection unit is within the predetermined range of the target current value. Change the opening area of the damper (15).
id-US10704800B2    abstract-A system for controlling air flow is provided that includes a damper disposed on a duct, an energy recovery system disposed within the duct a first predetermined distance from the damper and a controller coupled to the damper by a conductor and to the energy recovery system, the controller disposed within the duct a second predetermined distance from the damper.

id-US20180085822A1    abstract-A method and apparatus for measuring quench characteristics of a fluid. The apparatus includes a probe with an energy input device electrically connected to a display unit to monitor temperature, media flow characteristics and media heat transfer characteristics. The method includes continuously measuring thermal energy transfer in a quenching media by measuring the surrounding fluid's heat transfer relative to input probe energy.

id-EP3290818A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a ventilation system for ventilating contaminated areas such as hospital or laboratory facilities, the ventilation system comprising an inlet ventilation duct comprising an inlet, an outlet and a first ventilator device, where the inlet ventilation duct is adapted to guide a flow of a clean air-mixture from the surroundings to the contaminated area, and where said flow is provided by the first ventilator device, an outlet ventilation duct comprising an inlet, an outlet and a second ventilator device, where the outlet ventilation duct is adapted to guide a flow of a contaminated air-mixture from the contaminated area to the surroundings, and where said flow is provided by the second ventilator device, where the inlet ventilation duct is sealed from the outlet ventilation duct to prevent a leak of the contaminated air-mixture from said outlet  2 to said inlet ventilation duct, and where the ventilation system comprises a heat recovery unit for exchanging heat between the air-mixtures in the inlet and the outlet ventilation ducts, where the heat recovery unit comprises a heat exchanging unit and a heat pipe unit. The present invention further relates to a heat recovery unit for use in the ventilation system.

id-WO2018051157A1    abstract-A water distribution systems for heat and mass exchangers(l) is designed to improve the cooling efficiency of indirect evaporative coolers and may be applied in the different units which use basic cycles or advanced cycles for indirect evaporative air cooling. The improvement to the evaporating water distribution is by water pipes(6) with holes(8) inside wet channel(A-A). This solution guarantees that all of the evaporative layers will get adequate wetting, and the evaporation will be not limited by the water buildup. By an unique water distribution structure in the wet channels(A-A), uniform water film is created on the surfaces of evaporative media. This enlarges the wetting area of wet channels(A-A) with minimum water flow and allows the performance of the heat and mass transfer to be increased. The proposed water distribution system consumes very little energy for its operation, only a small pump, due to the lack of water nozzles which require high water pressure for operation. The energy efficiency of the system will therefore be extremely high.

id-WO2018067529A1    abstract-The present invention provides stretchable laminates with a flat appearance on the visible surface. The laminates comprise a textile layer, a functional layer, and a plurality of elastic fibers. The plurality of elastic fibers are in a substantially parallel arrangement and the internal distance between adjacent fibers does not exceed the maximum fiber spacing, which depends on laminate thickness in a stretched state. Also provided are garments and footwear comprising the stretchable laminates and methods of producing the stretchable laminates.

id-US20190389172A1    abstract-The present invention provides stretchable laminates with a flat appearance on the visible surface. The laminates comprise a textile layer, a functional layer, and a plurality of elastic fibers. The plurality of elastic fibers are in a substantially parallel arrangement and the internal distance between adjacent fibers does not exceed the maximum fiber spacing, which depends on laminate thickness in a stretched state. Also provided are garments and footwear comprising the stretchable laminates and methods of producing the stretchable laminates.

id-WO2018073573A1    abstract-An air-conditioning unit (100) is described. The air-conditioning unit (100) is suitable for overhead installation in, for example, a suspended ceiling. The air-conditioning unit (100) is configured to supply conditioned air from a front side (110), and to expel exhaust air from a rear side (120).

id-EP3311658A1    abstract-A main container (8) containing a metal ion (6) memory (8) has a memory (8) inside a ventilation duct (1,2).
id-WO2018079897A1    abstract-The present invention initiates an air conditioning machine. The initiated air conditioning unit features a housing that is equipped with the fluid transferring channels, and a fluid heating unit that is installed in the housing to heat the fluid transporting through the channels. Therefore, the invention is filtered and humidified so that the fluid which is discharged to the outside through the discharge grille is heated by the fluid heating unit, which can keep the air in the room more comfortable.
id-WO2018069963A1    abstract-The ventilation fan device is used as the lead wire (50) connecting the ventilation fan body, the case for the ventilation fan body, the operation display unit stored in the case, the control circuit unit stored in the case, the operation display unit and the control circuit unit. Prepare, prepare. The operation display unit is arranged on the outside of one side (332) at a distance from the unit case that constitutes the housing, the display substrate (32) stored in the unit case, and one side (332) of the unit case, and the lead wire (50) is arranged on the outside of the side (332). The lead (50) drawn from the display substrate (32) to the outside of one side (332) is inserted into the gap between the side (332) and the protection wall (333), and is guided to the outside of the operating display unit. It's coming out.
id-WO2018064789A1    abstract-The utility model relates to an environmentally friendly and high-efficiency air conditioner circulation device, which not only solves the water and hot air discharged by the air conditioner (1), but also produces fresh air required by human beings. The system uses the structure of a general air conditioner (1) to set up a tank (2) in the interior, the tank (2) on the one hand collects the water discharged by the air conditioner (1), on the other hand, the hot air discharged by the air conditioner (1), depending on the pressure, such as the blower from the tank (2) under the tank (2) into the bottom of the tank (2), the tank (2) has activated carbon (3) can filter the impurities in the hot air, The collected water will cool the hot air to normal temperature, and release the fresh air needed by human beings with the purification of water and activated carbon (3).
id-EP3527901A4    abstract-

id-WO2018093547A1    abstract-A system and method for thermally exchanging heat between waste air being expelled from a poultry barn and fresh outside/outdoor ambient air being introduced into the poultry barn.

id-US20180135873A1    abstract-Transfer of heat energy from within a building to the outside air by means of fans, heat pipes and circulating water in a closed loop system.

