id-WO2019146121A1    abstract-The purpose of the invention is to obtain an air conditioning system that can reduce the power consumption through ventilation. Air conditioning system (1) reduces the ventilation air volume generated by the operation of the exhaust blower (22) that sends the air taken in from the indoor to the outdoor, the supply blower (23) that sends the air taken in from the indoor to the indoor, the exhaust blower (22) and the supply blower (23) that sends the air taken in from the indoor to the indoor, The ventilation device (2) for indoor ventilation, and the human sensor (35) for detecting whether there are people in the room. The control unit 20 can switch the ventilation volume at least to the first ventilation volume and the second ventilation volume larger than the first ventilation volume, and take the ventilated volume as the first ventilation volume when no human presence is detected by the human sensor 35.
id-US11255554B2    abstract-A dehumidifying system includes an enclosure having at least one opening disposed at a first end and at least one opening disposed at a second end. A plurality of air paths that extend through the enclosure and are separated from one another by partitions along at least a portion of the enclosure. A dehumidifier evaporator is disposed within the enclosure and configured such that at least one of the air paths is disposed to flow through the dehumidifier evaporator. The dehumidifier evaporator includes a dehumidifying coil and a heat pipe assembly at least partially wrapping around the dehumidification coil.

id-EP3743665A4    abstract-

id-EP3587936A4    abstract-

id-US11041654B2    abstract-A wall mounted heat exchanger including a plurality of panels. Individual panels may include a first end, a second end, a first sidewall, a second sidewall, a first gap disposed along the second end, and a second gap disposed along the second sidewall. A first plurality of panels may be arranged such that first ends of the first plurality of panels are co-planar with second ends of a second plurality of panels and first sidewalls of the first plurality of panels are co-planar with second sidewalls of the second plurality of panels. The first plurality of panels and the second plurality of panels, when arranged, may form a plurality of first inlets from the second gap, a plurality of first outlets from the first gap, a plurality of second inlets from the second gap, and a plurality of second outlets from the first gap.

id-WO2019145024A1    abstract-Evaporative heat transfer device (10) for cooling air, comprising a heat exchanger (20), having a plurality of auxiliary passageways (30) and a plurality of main passageways (32), wherein the auxiliary passageways (30) and the main passageways (32) are separated from each other by at least one heat exchange wall (60) in common to exchange heat, a mist chamber (56) and a mist generator (74) connected to the mist chamber (56) designed to inject microscopic water droplets in the auxiliary air (12) in the mist chamber (56) to form in operation a mist with an absolute humidity equal or higher than the dew point absolute humidity; and the absolute humidity is equal or higher than the dew point absolute humidity over at least 50% of the total length of the auxiliary passageways (30). Preferably, the mist generator (74) injects pressurized water in the form of microscopic water droplets.

id-US20190257546A1    abstract-Embodiments of the present disclosure are directed toward a heat exchanger that includes an evaporator coil section disposed at least partially within a first flow structure configured to direct a first flow of air across the evaporator coil section, a condenser coil section fluidly coupled with the evaporator coil section and disposed at least partially within a second flow structure configured to direct a second flow of air across the condenser coil section, and an auxiliary heat exchanger fluidly coupled with the evaporator coil section, where the auxiliary heat exchanger is external to the first flow structure.

id-US10808956B2    abstract-A smart ventilation system which performs the ventilation of indoors, increases the air quality in closed spaces and maintains air quality, which is positioned over a window and includes: a ventilation module on a main body, which is attached to the window so as to control the air passage between indoors and outdoors; indoor and outdoor sensor groups which measure the air values indoors and outdoors, respectively; and an electronic card which analyzes the sensor values and engages one or more of an air intake fan group, an air outlet fan group, a dehumidifier, and a humidifier as a result of the analysis. A device provides the necessary energy from the adaptor and water reservoir.

id-US10849325B2    abstract-The invention disclosed an intelligent dehumidification device for a hot air circulation baking system, which internally includes a compressor, a condenser, a throttle valve, an evaporator, a total heat exchanger, a controller, a heat dissipation fan, a liquid level sensor, a temperature and humidity sensor, an axial flow fan, a drain solenoid valve, a condensate collecting box and a temperature sensor and externally includes a dehumidification air inlet, a dehumidification air outlet, a fresh air inlet, a heat dissipation air outlet and a condensate discharge port. The beneficial effects of present application are recovery of internal circulation waste heat, non-emission intelligent dehumidification and preservation of beneficial ingredients of the baked product for the hot air circulation baking system during the baking process can be realized, and functions of grid overpressure and undervoltage detection and protection, compressor overheat protection, delayed start after compressor shutdown, automatic condensate discharge can be achieved.

id-WO2019174217A1    abstract-An air conditioning indoor unit comprises a shell, a return air outlet (62), an outlet (63) and a double-flow fresh air purification device (5). The purification device (5) comprises a two-way inlet and outlet air duct (2), an air inlet and outlet system and an exhaust air system. The two-way inlet and outlet air duct (2) comprises an outer pipe (21) and a first inner pipe (22) and a second inner pipe (23) arranged in an outer pipe (21). A heat exchange core (1) is arranged in the outer tube (21), and the heat exchange core (1) divides the outer tube (21) into the first part and the second part. The first inner tube (22) and the second inner tube (23) are located in the first part and the second part respectively. The air intake system comprises the second part of the outer tube (21), the heat exchange core (1), the induced draft fan (531) and the first inner tube (22). The exhaust system comprises a first part of an outer tube, a heat exchange core (1), an exhaust fan (541) and a second inner tube (23).
id-WO2019174216A1    abstract-A double-flow fresh air purification device comprises a two-way inlet and outlet air pipe (2), an inlet and outlet air system and an exhaust air system. The two-way inlet and outlet air pipe (2) comprises an outer pipe (21) and a first inner pipe (22) and a second inner pipe (23) arranged in an outer pipe (21). The outer pipe (21) is provided with a heat exchange core (1). The heat exchange core (1) divides the outer tube (21) into the first part and the second part. The first inner tube (22) and the second inner tube (23) are located in the first part and the second part respectively. The air intake system includes the second part of the outer tube (21), the heat exchange core (1), the induced draft fan (531) and the first inner tube (22) according to the direction of air flow. The exhaust system comprises a first part of an outer tube (21), a heat exchange core (1), an exhaust fan (541) and a second inner tube (23) according to the direction of air flow. By setting the heat exchange core (1), the space occupation of the heat exchange core (1) in the purification device can be reduced, and the installation and renovation costs can be reduced.
id-WO2019174218A1    abstract-A heat exchange core (3) for bidirectional inlet and outlet of an air duct (4) comprises a ribbed main body (31), which is formed along the first side of the X direction with at least two first inner edge faces (32) and at least two first outer edge faces (33). At least two second inner edge faces (34) and at least two second outer edge faces (35) are formed along the second side of the riparian body (31) in the X direction, and multiple air inlet channels (36) are formed between the second outer edge face (35) and the corresponding first inner edge face (32). A plurality of outlet air channels (37) are formed between the first outer edge (33) and the corresponding second inner edge (34), and a plurality of inlet air channels (36) and a plurality of outlet air channels (37) are interleaved.
id-WO2020018036A3    abstract-The invention relates to an individual type air duct heating/cooling/conditioning system (A), which meets the need for fresh air in the spaces and which operates by electricity and/or combustion fuel.

id-WO2019172768A1    abstract-Building, comprising at least one living space, separated from an outside space by at least one outer wall, wherein at least one heat exchanger unit is provided at said outer wall and wherein at least one ventilator is provided for said heat exchanger unit, for forcing air through a heat exchanger of the heat exchanger unit, wherein an air outlet duct is connected to the heat exchanger unit for allowing air to be expelled from the at least one living space through the heat exchanger, such that heat can be exchanged in the heat exchanger between air flowing into the at least one hving space and air being expelled from said at least one living space, wherein in said at least one living space at least one sensor unit is provided for assessment of air quahty and/or noise in said at least one living space and control of the at least one ventilator and/or the at least one heat exchanger unit based on the assessed air quality and/or noise level in said living space.

id-EP3779288A1    abstract-Disclosed is an air conditioner indoor unit, including a main housing (10), and a fresh air device (20) and a refrigerating-heating device (60) that are disposed in the main housing (10); the refrigerating-heating device (60) is provided with an air outlet side for air outgoing; the main housing (10) is provided with a first accommodation cavity (70) for accommodating the fresh air device (20) and a second accommodation cavity (80) for accommodating the refrigerating-heating device (60); the air conditioner indoor unit further includes: a guide assembly (50); and an air inlet of the guide assembly (50) is communicated with the fresh air device (20), and an air outlet of the guide assembly (50) is located in the second accommodation cavity (80) and located at the air outlet side of the refrigerating-heating device (60), such that fresh air flowing out from the fresh air device (20) is guided by the guide assembly (50) to the air outlet side of the refrigerating-heating device (60) in the main housing (10).

id-EP3770543A4    abstract-

id-WO2019179992A1    abstract-A ventilation device (10) for furnishing a livestock building (90, 91) comprising a housing (1) and at least one heat exchanger block (4), the housing (1) having an external air intake (2), a heated air outlet (2a), an internal air intake (3) and a cooled air outlet (3a), At least one heat exchanger block (4) being capable of bringing A first stream (A) of air from the outside air intake (2) into thermal contact with A second stream (B) of air from the inside air intake (3), the ventilation device (10) further comprises an auxiliary air outlet (5) disposed on the housing (1), Air heating means (8) and deflections means capable of directing said second incoming air stream (B) to the location of said internal air intake (3) : - through said at least one exchanger block (4) to said cooled air outlet (3a) according to a first air circuit (Cl), - through the heating means (8) to said heated air outlet (2a) according to a second air circuit (C2), or - directly to said annex air outlet (5) according to a third air circuit (C3).
id-EP3779289A1    abstract-Provided is an air conditioner indoor unit, including a main housing (10) and a fresh air device (20) disposed in the main housing (10); the fresh air device (20) includes: a fresh air housing (30) and a heat exchange core body (40); a fresh air passage (31) and a dirty air passage (32) are disposed in the fresh air housing (30); the fresh air housing (30) is provided with a fresh air inlet (311) and a fresh air outlet (312) that communicate with the fresh air passage (31), and a dirty air inlet (321) and a dirty air outlet (322) that communicate with the dirty air passage (32); the heat exchange core body (40) is disposed in the fresh air housing (30); the heat exchange core body (40) communicates with both the fresh air passage (31) and the dirty air passage (32), such that fresh air located in the fresh air passage (31) and dirty air located in the dirty air passage (32) exchange heat in the heat exchange core body (40); the main housing (10) includes a front panel assembly (11); an indoor air inlet (111) is formed in the front panel assembly (11); and the indoor air inlet (111) corresponds to the dirty air inlet (321) such that indoor dirty air enters the dirty air inlet (321) by the indoor air inlet (111).

id-US20220235962A1    abstract-A heat exchanger for exchanging heat between first and second duct portions of a ventilation system includes first and second heat pipe portions in the first and second duct portions, respectively. Each heat pipe portion can be a heat pipe subassembly including one or more vertical heat pipes fluidly coupled to top and bottom headers, which are respectively connected to the top and bottom headers of the other subassembly to form a refrigerant loop. One or more flow restrictors can block air flow through a respective section of the first or second duct portion. The blocked section can be operatively aligned with a segment of the respective heat pipe portion along which there is a low probability of refrigerant phase change. Each flow restrictor can be an adjustable damper. The damper(s) can be selectively opened and closed as the ventilation system switches between heating and cooling modes.

id-US20190316807A1    abstract-A heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) system includes a heat pump having a housing. The HVAC system also includes an energy recovery ventilator (ERV) or heat recover ventilator (HRV) integrated with the heat pump such that an access panel to the ERV or HRV faces outwardly from the housing of the heat pump, and such that the access panel is accessible at an outer boundary of the housing.

id-WO2019202731A1    abstract-Energy recovered by the heat exchange in the heat exchanger (3) is calculated from the energy consumed by the suction blower (1) and the discharge blower (2). The computing unit (22) that determines which of the energy consumed in 2) is greater than that in 2), and the computing unit that determines that the energy consumed in the suction blower (1) and discharge blower (2) is greater than that recovered by heat exchange. A control device (24) has a control unit (23) that controls at least one of the intake blower (1) and discharge blower (2) to reduce the energy consumption, and the air outside the vehicle indoor It is to prevent or control the deterioration of electric cost caused by the difference in temperature, humidity or temperature between the air inside the car and the air outside the car.
id-US20220268534A1    abstract-The invention relates to a heat exchanger comprising first fluid inlets, first fluid outlets, second fluid inlets and second fluid outlets. Each of the first fluid inlets, the first fluid outlets, the second fluid inlets and the second fluid outlets are arranged on four different sides of a heat exchanger core. A manifold covers one of the four different sides of the heat exchanger core, wherein a first sidewall of the manifold is arranged at an angle smaller than 90 degree to the one side of the heat exchanger core which is covered by the manifold. An edge of the heat exchanger core between the one side of the heat exchanger core which is covered by the manifold and a neighbouring side of the four different sides of the heat exchanger core forms a common weld line with a connecting edge of the first sidewall of the manifold. The invention also relates to a method for manufacturing a heat exchanger comprising a heat exchanger core and a manifold.

id-EP3569948A1    abstract-The invention included a ventilation device that illuminated and ventilated the room. Such a ventilation device includes a storage box (1) that connects the interior and exterior of the room. Interesting remains a Schalldammelement, which is made of schallabsorbierendem material, and at least one Axialventilator and two Betriebszustanden with the opposite Luftforderrichtungen Promote the Zuluft from the outside to be glued to the living room and promote the inner wall of the Abluft to the perimeter of the room. In addition, it also includes a temperature balance between a heat reservoir and an axiom fan (10). According to the design of this case, the components that identify sound are trained to identify the speaker (6) and identify the size of the speaker and the housing (1). The pod (6) has a bean (7) that is defined from the inside to the outside by passing air directly through the edge of an air passage. The axiom fan and the thermal memory (10) are connected on the speaker (6). The ceramic and split pipes (10) move in the pool, and the ceramic and split pipes on the wall extend together in the direction of movement within the shaft ventilator and housing (1).
id-JPWO2019229966A1    abstract-The heat exchange element of the present invention is composed of a plurality of flow path plates, which are composed of a plurality of flow path components as flow paths connected by a joint tape, and having a thickness above the thickness of the joint tape and a spacing forming material that fills the gap between the flow path plates. It is possible.
id-EP3567322A1    abstract-An air purification monitoring system (10) for monitoring an air purification apparatus (50) adapted to purify air in an enclosed space (1) is disclosed. The air purification apparatus (50) at least comprises a first inlet (55) for receiving indoor air from the enclosed space (1), a second inlet (57) for receiving outdoor air from an outdoor space and at least one outlet (53) coupled to the first and second inlets (55, 57); a filter arrangement (61, 63) positioned in between the first and second inlets (55, 57) and the at least one outlet (53); and an airflow displacement arrangement (65, 67, 69) arranged to generate at least a first airflow (81) from the first inlet (55) to the at least one outlet (53) and a second airflow (82) from the second inlet (57) to the at least one outlet (53). The air purification monitoring system (10) at least comprises a processor (31) arranged to generate a control signal for the airflow displacement arrangement (65, 67, 69) as a function of a first unfavourable matter concentration within the enclosed space (1) and a second unfavourable matter concentration in the outdoor air, said control signal causing the airflow displacement arrangement (65, 67, 69) to generate at least the first airflow (81) at a first airflow rate and the second airflow (82) at a second airflow rate. Also disclosed are an air purification apparatus, an air purification apparatus control method and a computer program product.

id-EP3805652A1    abstract-A heat exchange ventilator (100) includes an air supply blower that creates a supply air flow, an air exhaust blower that creates an exhaust air flow, a heat exchanger that performs heat exchange between the supply air flow and the exhaust air flow, a housing (1) that houses the air supply blower, the air exhaust blower, and the heat exchanger, a first drainage outlet (25) that is at a lower portion of the housing (1) to cause drain water collected in the housing (1) to drain out of the housing when the housing (1) assumes a first posture to have the air supply blower, the heat exchanger, and the air exhaust blower in a horizontal line, and a second drainage outlet (26) that is at a lower portion of the housing (1) to cause drain water held in the housing (1) to drain out of the housing when the housing (1) assumes a second posture to have the air supply blower, the heat exchanger, and the air exhaust blower in a vertical line.

id-US11287147B2    abstract-An air handling system includes an indirect heat exchange apparatus performing heat exchange between external and internal air heat exchange passages; an external air circulation facility connected to the external air heat exchange passage and circulating an external air in an external space other than a target space through the external air heat exchange passage; an internal air circulation facility connected between the target space and the internal air heat exchange passage; the internal air circulation facility circulating an internal air in the target space through the internal air heat exchange passage; external and internal air temperature sensors disposed in the external and internal air circulation facilities to measure temperatures of the external and internal air; and a control apparatus controlling circulation of the external air within the external air circulation facility based on the temperatures of the external and internal air.

id-EP3816525A1    abstract-An air-conditioning control system includes an air-conditioning apparatus to supply an indoor room with supply air and a ventilator to replace return air flowing from the indoor room with outside air. The air-conditioning apparatus is connected in series with the ventilator such that the outside air flowing from the ventilator and the return air flowing from the indoor room are supplied to the air-conditioning apparatus. The air-conditioning control system further includes a return air (RA) branch damper to adjust a ratio of the return air supplied to the air-conditioning apparatus to the return air supplied to the ventilator, a specified offensive odor substance sensor to detect a concentration of a specified offensive odor substance, and a controller to operate the ventilator and control the RA branch damper such that a relationship of the return air = the supply air - the outside air is satisfied when the controller determines that the concentration of the specified offensive odor substance detected by the specified offensive odor substance sensor is less than or equal to a predetermined threshold and to suspend operation of the ventilator and control the RA branch damper such that all the return air is supplied to the air-conditioning apparatus when the controller determines that the concentration of the specified offensive odor substance detected by the specified offensive odor substance sensor is greater than the predetermined threshold.

id-US20210123624A1    abstract-A safety system ( 1 ) for evacuation of contaminated air and prevention of ignition in an air handling system ( 2 ). The air handling system ( 2 ) comprises a compressor enclosure ( 3 ). The safety system ( 1 ) is connectable to a power supply ( 4 ) and comprises an evacuation unit ( 5 ) connected to the compressor enclosure ( 3 ) for evacuation of contaminated air from the compressor enclosure ( 3 ).

id-JP6667013B1    abstract-The invention is aimed at providing an electric vehicle that improves air conditioning efficiency and reduces the drop in mileage. Electric vehicle (1) has an external air inlet (5) that takes in the external air A from the outside of the vehicle. The external air connection channel (13) connects the outside and the inside of the vehicle, and the external air (A) that is set in the external air connection channel (13) and takes in the external air from the external air inlet (5) It is equipped with A total heat exchanger (3) for total heat exchange between the ambient air (A) and the ambient air (C) that returns from the interior of the car after air conditioning is performed using the outside air (A). The total heat exchanger (3) has the first heat exchange air path (31) that leads the outside air (A) taken in from the outside air intake port (5) into the vehicle, and the second heat exchange air path (32) that leads the return air (C) from the vehicle to the outside of the vehicle.
id-WO2020005076A1    abstract-The invention relates to a heat exchanger with inter-connecting cells in a row or block which evenly distribute and transfer heat to a fluid within a cell. Voids between rows or blocks of cells and the heat transfer medium comprise additional means of transferring heat from a heat-transfer medium to the fluid within the cells. The heat exchanger may be used but not limited to applications such as a condenser in an air conditioning unit, a wall heater or an indirect evaporative cooler.

id-US20210325076A1    abstract-The invention relates to a heat exchanger with inter-connecting cells in a row or block which evenly distribute and transfer heat to a fluid within a cell. Voids between rows or blocks of cells and the heat transfer medium comprise additional means of transferring heat from a heat-transfer medium to the fluid within the cells. The heat exchanger may be used but not limited to applications such as a condenser in an air conditioning unit, a wall heater or an indirect evaporative cooler.

id-WO2020009598A1    abstract-The group of inventions refers to the field of ventilation and air conditioning indirectly - evaporative cooling. Method indirectly - evaporative air cooling, consisting in the formation of the total air flow before entering the heat exchanger, the formation of the main and technological flows, the regulation of the refrigerated air capacity from the device indirectly - evaporative air, at the entrance to the heat exchanger the total air flow is divided into the main and additional with the possibility of controlling their capacity, the main flow is directed to the heat exchanger, A the additional bypass channel, the main flow in the heat exchanger is divided into direct and reverse, the hydraulic resistance values of which are selected equal, mixes the additional and direct flows at the output of the heat exchanger, creating the cooled flow at the output of the device indirectly - evaporative cooling, while the values of the process flow costs and the cooled flow at the output of the device are maintained unchanged.
id-WO2020022049A1    abstract-The purpose of this disclosure is to improve the performance of the total heat exchange element. In the total heat exchange element 30, the partition member 31 and the interval holding member 32, both of which are cellulose as the main component, are stacked alternately. The laminated partition component 31 and the interval holding component 32 are joined by the adhesive layer 33. Adhesive layer (33) includes cellulose as an adhesive component. The cellulose contained in the adhesive layer (33) is thinner than the cellulose constituting the dividing part (31) and the spacing retaining part (32).
id-US20200011549A1    abstract-An air conditioning system that includes an energy recovery ventilator that transfers energy between a supply air stream and an exhaust air stream. Downstream of the energy recovery ventilator are multiple refrigeration circuits that reject heat into both the supply air stream and the exhaust air stream. The use of the multiple refrigeration circuits eliminates the need to mount outdoor equipment and provide piping for a cooling system.

id-EP3598016A1    abstract-A balanced heat recovery unit that includes differential pressure sensors (Sen1, Sen2) that determine the pressure drop in the exchanger (Exch) for each one of the channels (Supply) (Exhaust) of the device, and based on a value matrix that it establishes as a function of the differential pressure and of the turbine rotation speed (Turb1, Turb2) corresponding to the airflow that circulates through each channel, for a specific type of heat recovery unit, determines the airflow that passes through each channel and based on the same automatically carries out the balancing of the installation.

id-US20200049381A1    abstract-Disclosed is a system for optimizing energy utilization in a multi-building development or community. In an embodiment, the system has a passive energy loop comprising a continuous liquid filled pipe. A plurality of energy transfer points connect a plurality of buildings in the development onto the passive energy loop. A system control center adapted to control the plurality of energy transfer points to extract excess thermal energy from or input required thermal energy to each of the plurality of buildings, thereby to optimize the energy utilization and minimize greenhouse gases produced by the system.

id-WO2020034512A1    abstract-An air conditioning hot water system comprises a refrigerant circulation system comprising a compressor (10) and an outdoor heat exchanger (20), and also comprises a refrigerant heat exchanger (30) and a water circulation system, wherein the refrigerant heat exchanger (30) and a water circulation system are selectively arranged between the compressor (10) and an outdoor heat exchanger (20). When the water circulation system is set between the compressor (10) and the outdoor heat exchanger (20), the medium water in the water circulation system exchanges heat with the refrigerant in the refrigerant circulation system. It can effectively solve the problem that the air conditioning system in the prior art cannot provide both rapid cooling and hot water.
id-US11202984B2    abstract-The dehumidifier has a rotary bed 6 containing a thermally regenerable desiccant material, including a process segment 7 and a regeneration segment 8, and an air-to-air heat exchanger A having first and second heat-exchange channels A1 and A2. A process air channel 20 conducts process air through the process segment 7 of the rotary bed, through heat-exchange channel A1 of heat exchanger, to outlet 3. A cooling air channel 22 conducts cooling air from an external cooling air inlet 4a, through heat-exchange channel A2 of heat exchanger A to an exhaust air outlet 5a without passing through the rotary bed. The temperature of the return process air is controllable by a variable speed fan 12. A regeneration air channel 26 conducts air via heater box 9 through the regeneration segment 8 of the rotary bed, to exhaust air outlet 5b.

id-US20210318003A1    abstract-A kitchen air-conditioning system comprises a air-conditioning assembly (1) and a range hood assembly (2); the air-conditioning assembly (1) comprising a compressor (11), a first heat exchanger (12) and a second heat exchanger (13) which are connected with each other through a plurality of refrigerating medium pipes (14); and the air-conditioning assembly (1) has a fresh air inlet (16) and a fresh air outlet (17), the fresh air coming from the fresh air inlet (16) is divided into two paths; the fresh air entering the first heat exchanger (12) flows into the kitchen through the fresh air outlet (17), and the fresh air entering the air intake area (21) cools the third heat exchanger (3) in the range hood assembly (2) and is then exhausted to the outside through the range hood, which is helpful to reduce the intake-air temperature of the second heat exchanger (13), thereby improving the energy efficiency of the air conditioner.

id-WO2020040430A1    abstract-The present invention relates to an air purifying device. Housing is the main indoor air inflow from through the inlet via main outlet to outdoor emissions as main shaft and main shaft, and the compartment through the bypass inlet indoor air through inlet and outlet detour from outdoor, including the bypass passage produces wealth. Damper for main inlet opening and closing main inlet. Damper for main outlet opening and closing main outlet. A bypass damper opens and closes the bypass shaft. The controller controls the bypass damper to keep the bypass shaft open when the main inlet damper or the main outlet damper is closed due to malfunction.
id-EP3627061B1    abstract-

id-US20200088439A1    abstract-The present disclosure relates to a heating, ventilation, and/or air conditioning (HVAC) system including an exhaust plenum configured to receive an exhaust air flow from a cooling load. The HVAC system also includes a condenser configured to receive an input air flow and transfer thermal energy to the input air flow. A panel is positioned directly adjacent to and between the exhaust plenum and the condenser. The panel includes a passage providing a fluid flow path directly between the exhaust plenum and the condenser. The passage is configured to discharge a portion of the exhaust air flow, and the input air flow includes the portion.

id-JPWO2020053946A1    abstract-The ventilation device corrects and calculates the corrected threshold according to the detection value of CO2 concentration of the detected outside air, that is, the ventilation part 23 of the indoor air and the preset threshold of CO2 concentration of the indoor air used to change the ventilated air volume. The ventilation air volume control department (313) controls the air volume of the ventilation department (23) and changes the ventilation air volume according to the corrected threshold calculation department (312) and the corrected threshold of indoor air. The ventilation system can maintain the appropriate ventilation air volume corresponding to the amount of human activity even when the concentration of CO2 in the outside air changes.
id-US20210199387A1    abstract-A heat recovery wheel for a heat exchanger includes a wheel rim defining an outer perimeter of the heat recovery wheel, and a plurality of wheel passages located between the wheel rim and the wheel axis. The plurality of wheel passages are at least partially defined by one or more passage fins. At least a portion of a passage fin of the plurality of passage fins extends non-parallel to the wheel axis between a first wheel end and a second wheel end. The plurality of wheel passages are configured for flow of a first airflow and a second airflow therethrough for thermal energy exchange between the first airflow and the second airflow.

id-US20220042690A1    abstract-A heat exchange unit for a ventilation device includes: a case having a first inlet port through which first air is sucked and a second outlet port through which second air is discharged formed on a front side, and a first outlet port through which the first air is discharged and a second inlet port through which the second air is sucked formed on a back side; and heat exchangers having a first air passage through which the first air passes and a second air passage through which the second air passes formed thereon. A first separation plate for separating the first inlet port and the second outlet port is installed in the height direction on the front side of the case. A second separation plate for separating the second inlet port and the first outlet port is installed in the height direction on the other side of the case.

id-JP2022501070A    abstract-Greenhouses for growing plants (10) include cultivation areas for growing crops (12) and climate control systems for controlling the internal climate of greenhouses in cultivation areas. This control system is based on a condenser (48) for dehumidifying the greenhouse air, a greenhouse air heat exchange for heat exchange between the greenhouse air and the dehumidified greenhouse air in the condenser downstream of the condenser's air outlet, derived from the cultivation area upstream of the condenser's air inlet. The first controllable bypass (42), which allows the greenhouse air to bypass the greenhouse air heat exchanger; 55), controllable fan (56), air outlet of the heat exchanger and fluid coupling with the cultivation area, controllable inlet (62) for introducing ambient air from the external environment of the greenhouse and controllable air coupled with the cultivation area Equipped with a mixing chamber (14) with an outlet (65) having a fan (17).
id-US20200124311A1    abstract-In some examples, an apparatus for and method of heating, ventilation and/or air conditioning of an interior space of a structure. The apparatus can include a heat exchanger core, a first blower in fluid connection with a first side of the heat exchanger core, a second blower in fluid connection with a second side of the heat exchanger core, at least one sensor collecting pressure data, and a control component. The control component can operate the first and second blowers to reduce a difference in pressure between the first and second sides of the heat exchanger core.

id-EP3643975A1    abstract-The present invention relates to an internal ventilation device 1 in a living room and office building, which emits air from the relevant area of the building, 15 ventilation devices from the internal 17th floor, and the use of consuming air is closed from the internal duct 3. This section is connected by 18 air ducts and 19 ventilation ducts, five of which are kept warm by the No. 4 changing tube. ErfindungsgemaßAblufteinrichtung 3 to 6 Bodenansaugeinrichtung to suck in incoming air and CO 2 < subservient > < / Subservient > -Gas Bodenbereich 12 Innenraumes 1 Trained while Beluftungseinrichtung 2 paid tribute to the capture fishery Deckenbereich for decade 18 17 Innenraumes 1 and a Frischlufteinlass Frischluftansaugleitung 10 includes 13. To improve air quality, 13 apnea and 14 bowel movements were separated. The use of appropriate methods, such as high carbon dioxide <sub> >2< sub> > air quality, to treat the above ventilation facilities can ensure that the air quality is renewed, the air metabolism is reduced and the heating energy is saved. Ventilation systems are designed according to, for example, the confidentiality criteria for individuals who will be regularly present and certain behaviors include: Wet room buildings may combine existing dry ventilation facilities with traditional wet ventilation facilities.
id-WO2020074951A3    abstract-The invention Luftungsgerat (LG) provides one or more rooms or parts of them with konditionierter Zuluft (ZUL) in exchange for Abluft (rep), and at least one fan Luft-Luft-Warmetauscher (36), which Zuluftstrom (AUL ZUL) and one Abluftstrom (rep, FOL) for exchange and/or dampness warm Zuluft (ZUL) with Abluft (rep) and a Warmepumpe (1, 2, 3, 4)(tv1) engine, coagulator (3), expansion valve (2) and vaporizer (4). The ventilation equipment is connected by an air-to-air heat exchanger (AUL, ZUL), which consists of a thermal energy conveyor (29), a conveying air stream (AUL, ZUL) and a thermal energy conveyor (tv1). WTF2; (WTF3) Balloon heat exchange (tv1); WTF2; Maintaining air humidity control and/or invention also includes the use of ventilation equipment (LG).
id-WO2020098046A1    abstract-A defrosting and antifreezing fresh air purifier comprises a shell (1), a full heat exchanger core body (2), a filter net (3) and a defrosting and antifreezing device (4), one side of the shell (1) is provided with a fresh air inlet (11) and a return air exhaust outlet (12), and the other side of the shell (1) is provided with a fresh air exhaust outlet (13) and a return air intake outlet (14). The total heat exchanger core body (2) is arranged in the shell (1), the total heat exchanger core body (2) is provided with an outdoor air passage and an indoor air passage, the two ends of the outdoor air passage are respectively communicated with the fresh air inlet (11) and the fresh air exhaust outlet (13), the two ends of the indoor air passage are respectively communicated with the return air inlet (14) and the return air exhaust outlet (12). The outdoor air passage is provided with a filter (3), and a defrosting and anti-freezing device (4) is provided near the filter.
id-US20210310689A1    abstract-The present disclosed subject matter relates to energy efficiency improvements in compressed air systems and methods to implement them. According to an aspect of the present disclosure, improving the efficiency is performed by recovering the “wasted energy” in the compressed air and/or condensed water energy streams produced by the compressor and the cooling drying process.

