id-WO2022144045A1    abstract-The invention belongs to the field of air conditioner, in particular provides an air cleaning control method for air conditioner and an air conditioner. The invention aims to solve the problem that the indoor air quality is easy to deteriorate when the existing air conditioner is running. For this purpose, the control method of the invention comprises: opening the intake valve, closing the exhaust valve, and then opening the supply fan; The control age recognition module identifies the age of indoor users; According to the age of the identified indoor user, the fan is controlled to select different speed operation. Through the control method, the air conditioner of the invention can select different speed of the fan according to the age of the indoor user, so as to achieve different adsorption efficiency of turbidity or turbidity, so as to make the air conditioner of the invention more intelligent, and combine the actual situation of the user to achieve good user experience.
id-EP4033869A1    abstract-This application provides a cooling system, including a heat exchanger, a cooling supplement component, a bypass vent valve, and a controller. The heat exchanger includes an air intake vent A and an air exhaust vent B that are used for outdoor fresh air entry and discharge, and an air intake vent C and an air exhaust vent D that are used for indoor return air entry and discharge. The cooling supplement component includes a condenser and an evaporator, the condenser is connected to the air exhaust vent B by using an exhaust air pipe, and the evaporator is connected to the air exhaust vent D. The bypass vent valve is disposed on the exhaust air pipe, and the bypass vent valve communicates with outdoor air. The bypass vent valve is connected to the controller, and the controller is configured to control the bypass vent valve. The cooling system may be configured to perform heat dissipation for an equipment room or a cabinet in a data center, and reverse heating of the heat exchanger may be suppressed by controlling an opening degree of the bypass vent valve. Embodiments of this application further provide a data center that includes the cooling system.

id-EP4036486A1    abstract-The invention refers to an HVAC system for a building (10) comprising a heat pump system, a ventilation system with a ventilation unit (28) and an air duct (30), a utilization-side unit (20) with a utilization-side heat exchanger (22) connected to the heat pump system, an air outlet (32) connected to the air duct (30) and an outlet valve (34) for adjusting the amount of air (18) flowing through the air outlet (32) into the indoor space (10a,10b), a sensor (44,46) for detecting a parameter of the indoor space (10a,10b), and a control unit (26) for controlling the outlet valve (34) based on the parameter detected by the sensor (44,46).

id-WO2022166054A1    abstract-The invention relates to a displacement ventilation passive room, which comprises a sealed insulation room body (10), an air supply system (20), an exhaust air system (30), a ventilation heat recovery system (40), an environmental source heat exchange system (50) and a heating and refrigeration system. The air supply system (20) comprises a fresh air delivery end (21) internally communicated with the sealed insulation room body (10). The position of the fresh air delivery end (21) is lower than the position of the human mouth and nose in the personnel gathering area. The exhaust air system (30) includes the turnery receiving end (31) which is communicated with the sealed thermal insulation room (10). The position of the turnery receiving end (31) is higher than the position of the human mouth and nose in the personnel gathering area. The cooling and heating system includes an indoor cooling and heating device (61) for cooling or heating the air in a sealed insulated room body (10) to a set temperature and a fresh air cooling and heating device (62) for cooling and heating the fresh air supplied by the air supply system (20) to a temperature below a set temperature.
id-WO2022166056A1    abstract-A passive room for radiant cooling and heating, It comprises a sealed insulation room (10), a air supply system (20) that inputs fresh air into the sealed insulation room (10), an exhaust system (30) that exhauts the air containing cloudy air inside the sealed insulation room (10), a ventilation heat recovery system (40), an environmental source heat exchange system (50), and a cooling and heating system.
id-WO2022175942A1    abstract-Method and system for controlling the humidity in an enclosure that has a humidity source such as a greenhouse. The system includes a refrigeration type dehumidifier having an air-to-air heat exchanger coupled to the evaporator. Air from within the enclosure flows through the air-to-air heat exchanger before and after it comes in contact with the evaporator, and the air that is exhausted from the condenser is expelled outside the enclosure. The water that is generated from condensation of humidity of the air within the enclosure is collected and dispensed to replenish water to the humidity source for example by irrigation of plants in a greenhouse. Hygrometers may be coupled to the system to indicate when dehumidification and/or irrigation is required.

id-WO2022167017A1    abstract-The present invention provides a liquid composition for extracting nucleic acid(s) from pathogens, said liquid composition containing 0.01-0.1 vol.% of at least one ionic detergent, 1-4 vol.% of at least one non-ionic detergent, and Na3PO4 and/or NaHCO3. Furthermore, methods of using this liquid composition are provided.

id-WO2022167050A1    abstract-The invention relates to a method for emitting flue gas from a fireplace with a burner for burning liquid fuel inside an indoor room. The method comprising the steps of passing flue gas from the burner to a flue gas outlet of the chimney. The flue gas outlet is directed to the interior of the indoor room. The flue gas outlet is positioned so that a selected linear distance is established between the flue gas outlet and a position on a ceiling or on a wall of the indoor room. An inlet of a heat exchange system is provided at the position on the ceiling or the wall of the indoor room. The flue gas is passed from the flue gas outlet through the indoor room and to the heat exchange system inlet.

id-US20220299219A1    abstract-A ductless ventilator for monitoring atmospheric conditions and managing airflow between at least two environments to manage temperatures and conserve heat is disclosed in the present invention. The ductless ventilator may have an interior baffle, exterior baffle, fan, heat recovery unit, control interface, and controller, wherein the controller is configured to regulate the operational mode of the ductless ventilator and control operational components of the ductless ventilator according to the parameters of a selected operational mode, the parameters may include the speed and direction of airflow and an operating schedule. The controller may be configured to receive operational instructions, commands, or other input signals from a control interface. The controller may also be configured to receive measurements from communicably connected sensors and regulate operational components of the ductless ventilator in response to the measurements. Two or more ductless ventilators may be communicably connected wherein the two or more ductless ventilators may exchange data including sensors measurements to facilitate optimal temperature management between the environments serviced by the two or more ductless ventilators.

id-US20220316807A1    abstract-An air-to-air heat recovery core, comprising: a core assembly having parallel first and second channels that are open to first and second sides of the core assembly, respectively, the first and second channels interleaved, and each first channel sharing a wall with an adjacent second channel; first and second sealants formed along opposite first and second edges, respectively, of the core assembly perpendicular to a running direction of the first and second channels, the first and second sealants respectively blocking first and second ends of the channels; and first and second panels secured to first and second sides of the core assembly, respectively, the first and second panels blocking a middle portion of the first and second channels, respectively, such that air can enter and leave the first and second channels via the first and second end portions of the first and second channels but not via the middle portions.

id-EP4067773A1    abstract-A modular air flow (1-1) device comprising: a first end module (3) forming a first end of the modular air flow device (1-1), the first end module (3) having a first axial outer end (3a), and a first axial inner end (3b), the first end module (3) being provided with a first airflow channel (3c) and a second airflow channel (3d), which extend from the first axial outer end (3a) to the first axial inner end (3b), wherein at the first axial outer end (3a) the inner diameter of the first airflow channel (3c) is larger than a radial distance from a central longitudinal axis (17) of the first end module (3) to an inner diameter surface of the first airflow channel furthest away from the central longitudinal axis; and a first fan (9) arranged in or connected to the first airflow channel (3c) at the first axial outer end (3a).

id-WO2022194678A1    abstract-Disclosed herein is a heat recovery ventilation system (1) for a building comprising a heat recovery ventilation unit (10) with a heat exchanger (11), a supply air channel (20) being in fluidic connection with a supply air outlet (14) and being configured for delivering supply air from the heat exchanger (11) to the inside of the building; a return air channel (21) being in fluidic communication with the return air inlet (15) and being configured for delivering return air from the inside of the building to the heat exchanger (11); an exhaust air channel (22) being in fluidic communication with an exhaust air outlet (16) and being configured for delivering exhaust air from the heat exchanger (11) to the outside of the building; an outside air channel (23) being in fluidic communication with an outside air inlet (17) and being configured for delivering outside air to the heat exchanger (11) and an air source heat pump.

id-EP4083438A1    abstract-The object of the invention is a fan for displacing a fluid, which fan comprises a rotor (6) rotating around its axis of rotation and comprising surfaces, such as blades (7, 8), forming a flow when the rotor (6) rotates. The rotor (6) is arranged to displace fluid simultaneously with at least two different flows (F1, F2).

id-WO2022224878A1    abstract-The air processing unit can improve the overall heat exchange performance by uniformly distributing the flow speed of the air flowing from the heat exchanger in the height direction of the case. The air processing equipment (100) consists of a case (10) with a new air outlet, a delivery outlet, a return air outlet and an exhaust outlet, and a heat exchanger (40) is provided in the case, wherein the heat exchanger is composed of alternating layers of multi-layer heat exchange core fins and multi-layer membranes. The first region (Q1) with large air flow speed and small air flow speed in the cross-section on the upstream side of the heat exchanger is perpendicular to the direction of air flow of the air flow path in the case, and the first region (Q1) with small air flow speed is formed between the adjacent film. The relation H1 < H2 is satisfied if the heat exchanger includes the second region (Q2) and the distance between adjacent membranes in the region corresponding to the first region is H1 and the distance between adjacent membranes in the region corresponding to the second region is H2.
id-US20220333812A1    abstract-An energy recovery system for an air handling unit includes a support frame, an energy recovery wheel, and a wheel actuator. The support frame supports the energy recovery wheel within the air handling unit. The energy recovery wheel is configured to rotate about a rotation axis during operation. The wheel actuator is configured to drive the energy recovery wheel to rotate about the rotation axis.

id-WO2022252813A1    abstract-The application provides an evaporative cooling unit and a data center. The evaporative cooling unit comprises an outdoor channel, an indoor channel and a heat exchange device. It also includes a screen and defrosting device arranged in an outdoor passageway; The defrosting device is located on one side of the filter screen near the air inlet of the outdoor passage; The defrosting device includes a heat exchange film; The heat transfer film has a first channel and a second channel arranged in a cross arrangement; Among them, the first channel is connected with the air inlet of the outdoor channel; The second channel is connected with the indoor channel; And the first channel is connected with the second channel; The defrosting device also includes an on-off valve; The on-off valve is used to control the communication between the second channel and the indoor channel. When the outside air temperature is low, the second channel is connected with the indoor channel, and the hot air in the indoor can heat the cold air in the outdoor channel to achieve the defrosting effect. When the outside air temperature is high, the outside air can be humidified through the water supply device, which improves the use effect of the evaporative cooling unit.
id-US20220364761A1    abstract-Methods, systems, and devices provided in accordance with various embodiments are generally related to the field of thermal management systems for buildings (or volumes in general), such as cold storage, food processing, or other buildings that have areas that are kept below freezing. Embodiments generally pertain to the management of temperature and humidity within these spaces. Some embodiments include system for the management of moisture and temperature inside cold spaces. Some embodiments include a heat and mass transfer exchanger, such as a direct constant gas liquid heat and mass transfer exchanger. Examples of such heat and mass transfer exchangers generally include wet scrubbers. Embodiments also generally include a series of ducts, pipes, heat exchangers, dampers, and/or valves that may allow the system to provide useful temperature and relative humidity levels to one or more spaces or volumes.

id-WO2022243713A1    abstract-The invention relates to a heat exchanging device for air conditioning using indirect and direct adiabatic cooling. To increase efficiency of cooling in summer period system with pump M and nozzles (S1, S2) in section of heat exchanger is installed. Pump is circulating water over the installed piping system to nozzles S1 and S2. Water is sprayed into airstream F1, and in this way is adiabatically cooled which results in better indirect adiabatic cooling of airstream F2. In order to increase cooling of airstream even more, F2 system of nozzles S3 is connected to pump system, and is directly cooling airstream F2 with adiabatic process. Optionally, system allows installation of the three way valve on pump system for use during cold season, which results in desirable humidification of airstream F2.

id-US20220364760A1    abstract-An air conditioner unit includes a housing with an outdoor heat exchanger assembly and an indoor heat exchanger assembly therein. A makeup air intake duct an a makeup are exhaust duct are disposed above the housing parallel to each other. The air conditioner unit also includes a heat exchanger having a first coil and a second coil. The first coil is disposed within the makeup air intake duct. The second coil is disposed with the makeup air exhaust duct. The heat exchanger also includes a first pipe connecting an outlet of the first coil to an inlet of the second coil and a second pipe connecting an outlet of the second coil to an inlet of the first coil.

id-WO2022249299A1    abstract-When the air supply temperature measured by the outside air temperature sensor 9 is below the first temperature threshold when the air supply blower (3) and the exhaust blower (2) are in operation and the heater (15) is stopped, the control unit determines that the air supply temperature measured by the outside air temperature sensor 9 is below the first temperature threshold. When the temperature of the air supply measured by the outside air temperature sensor (9) is below the second temperature threshold after the heater (15) is operated, the air supply blower (3) shall be operated intermittently or shut down, and the exhaust blower (4) shall be operated intermittently. 2) control the protected operation mode to continue the operation.
id-US20220390126A1    abstract-An air-to-air heat pump system for a heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) system for a building includes a thermally insulated cool channel for pumping external air into the building, the cool channel having a volume for mixing external air with exhaust air of the building, a warm channel for pumping internal air, the warm channel including a cellular humidifier that restores humidity to internal air, heat pump coils located in the cool channel and the warm channel, the heat pump coils configured for transferring thermal energy from the cold channel to the warm channel, a first fan located in the cool channel and a second fan located in the warm channel, wherein the first and second fans are configured for moving air within a channel, all of the foregoing provided in a monoblock or Split structure located inside, or partially inside, a thermal circuit of the building.

id-EP4109024A1    abstract-A rooftop air conditioning unit (100) includes a cabinet (114), an energy recovery wheel (122) rotatably mounted within the cabinet, and a controller. The energy recovery wheel can transfer heat between an outdoor air stream and a return air stream when rotated into an operational position and will not transfer heat when rotated into a bypass position. The controller can select the operational position of the energy recovery wheel and an operational mode of the energy recovery wheel.

id-WO2022267351A1    abstract-The invention relates to a fresh air device, a control method, an electronic device and a storage medium. The device comprises: an adsorption runner (100) configured to adsorb or release moisture and to exchange heat and cold; The heat source (200) is arranged at the air supply end of the adsorption runner (100) and configured to heat the outdoor fresh air entering the room; At least one fan (300,400) is arranged on the air supply end and exhaust end of the adsorption runner (100), configured to supply air indoors and exhaust air outdoors; The control module is configured to switch between different operating modes and control the working state of the adsorption runner (100) and the heat source (200) under the current operating mode; The device can switch the operation mode according to the change of indoor and outdoor air conditions, so as to ensure that the system can run comfortably and energy-saving throughout the year, and solve the problem of indoor dry in winter and high energy consumption in summer.
id-WO2022262674A1    abstract-The invention relates to a double cold source air source heat pump with full heat recovery, belonging to the mechanical technical field of heat pump. The double cold source air source heat pump with full heat recovery comprises a compressor (1), a four-way directional valve (2), a compound water-cooled condenser (3), a shell-and-tube heat exchanger (4), a finned heat exchanger (5), a first check valve (6), a second check valve (7), a first solenoid valve (8), a second solenoid valve (9), a first throttle valve (10), a second valve, and a second valve. Second throttle valve (11), gas-liquid separator (12), cooling tower (13), cooling water pump (14), water check valve (15), water valve group (18). Through the control of the state of the four-way directional valve (2), the first solenoid valve (8), the second solenoid valve (9), the water valve group (18), and the control of the water flow state of the compound water-cooled condenser (3) and the shell-and-tube heat exchanger (4), the five functions of refrigeration, refrigeration and full heat recovery, heating, hot water, heating and heating water and the switching of the operation mode can be realized. Address the year-round cooling, heating, sanitation or process hot water needs of conventional building buildings or industrial industry projects through total heat recovery.
id-US20220390140A1    abstract-An air conditioner unit includes a housing defining an outdoor portion and an indoor portion. A makeup air intake duct and a makeup air exhaust duct are disposed above the housing. The air conditioner unit also includes an air to air heat exchanger. The air to air heat exchanger includes a first inlet side attached to the makeup air intake duct, a second inlet side, a first outlet side, and a second outlet side attached to the makeup air exhaust duct. The air to air heat exchanger also includes one or more alternating top layers and bottom layers. The one or more top layers are in fluid communication with the first inlet side and the first outlet side, and the one or more bottom layers are in fluid communication with the second inlet side and the second outlet side.

id-US11713901B2    abstract-An air conditioner unit includes a housing defining an outdoor portion and an indoor portion. A makeup air intake duct and a makeup air exhaust duct are disposed above the housing. The air conditioner unit also includes an air to air heat exchanger. The air to air heat exchanger includes a first inlet side attached to the makeup air intake duct, a second inlet side, a first outlet side, and a second outlet side attached to the makeup air exhaust duct. The air to air heat exchanger also includes one or more alternating top layers and bottom layers. The one or more top layers are in fluid communication with the first inlet side and the first outlet side, and the one or more bottom layers are in fluid communication with the second inlet side and the second outlet side.

id-US20220373222A1    abstract-The present disclosure provides several embodiments of an adaptive, modular, energy recovery economizer section for a commercial air handling unit (AHU). The economizer section comprises an energy recovery device, a plurality of dampers, and a plurality of partition walls that allow the AHU to operate in a plurality of modes. Incorporation of the economizer section within the AHU avoids the need to split AHU into a stacked or side-by-side configuration. The economizer section may be integrated within OEM AHUs or retrofitted within existing AHUs. Retrofitting the economizer section within an existing AHU reduces the footprint of the retrofit. Moreover, when the economizer section is incorporated within an OEM AHU, the footprint and interior volume of the AHU are reduced relative to conventional OEM AHUs that comprise one or more energy recovery devices. Consequently, the economizer section improves material, fabrication, and transportation efficiencies without compromising performance of the AHU.

id-WO2022270975A1    abstract-The invention is presented in a work example, a case mounted on a window; Air conditioning unit arranged inside the above cases; Remind, deployed in above case internal air conditioner or the award of the ventilation part connected to the foregoing, including the ventilation ventilation outdoor inlet and indoor ventilation leakage flow wealth first indoor air flow and ventilation inlet and ventilation outdoor spill flowing wealth cross the second air flow heat exchanger (rr) positioning plate, and the first and second airflow above including ventilation fan to form, 상기 ventilation of the indoor and outdoor air flowing through the horizontal flow above the leakage of recall so that a/c outdoor air conditioner outdoor inlet remind on the side of leak for air conditioner for air conditioner above wealth influx flanked the ministry of agriculture, and in case of the above remind when remind indoor air leakage and ventilation air conditioner indoor deployed they crossed a leaked copies include ventilation department offers a window type air conditioner.
id-US20220390188A1    abstract-A heat exchange system includes a first heat exchanger subassembly, a second heat exchanger subassembly, a first nozzle configured to spray fluid at the first heat exchanger subassembly, and a second nozzle configured to spray fluid at the second heat exchanger subassembly. The heat exchange system further includes memory storing controller-executable instructions and a controller configured to execute the instructions, which cause the controller to activate the first nozzle when an outdoor temperature is below a threshold temperature, and activate the first nozzle and the second nozzle when the outdoor temperature is above the threshold temperature.

id-EP4102149A1    abstract-The invention relates to an airflow inverter device for the mounting and installation of heat recuperators (1) arranged in facing connection positions with respect to common downward ducts (2) and (3) for air extraction and impulsion. The device is characterised in that it comprises a prismatic body (6), which has ducts (7) longitudinally defined therein which cross one another without communication between the same, the ends of said ducts (7) flowing into mouths (8) and (9) which are in transversely inverted positions at the ends of the aforementioned prismatic body (1).

id-US20220400583A1    abstract-A composite refrigeration system includes a refrigeration part, a heat dissipation part, a first pipeline, a second pipeline, and a refrigerant. The refrigeration part uses the refrigerant to cool air sent into indoor space, and the heat dissipation part is configured to perform heat dissipation on the refrigerant. In addition, in two heat dissipation modes, the heat exchanger may exchange heat between the refrigerant and a heat carrier in an external pipeline network to implement heat dissipation. The composite refrigeration system implements, by using the heat exchanger, a function of exchanging heat with the external pipeline network, so that heat generated during operation of the composite refrigeration system can be at least partially transferred to the heat carrier in the external pipeline network, to implement the energy recycle and reuse.

id-WO2022253447A1    abstract-A room-based ventilation system (50) and a building (100). The room-based ventilationthe system (50) comprises a first outlet channel (11) and a second outlet channel (12)for connecting to room outlets which spaced apart, first air flowing means (13A, 13B)arranged to cause flow of air into and out of the room, respectively, wherein the room-based ventilation system (50) is configured so that air is flowing, by the first air flowingmeans (13A, 13B), substantially simultaneously into the room via one of the outlet chan-nels (11, 12) and out of the room via other of the outlet channels (11, 12). The system(50) also comprises at least two heat storage elements (20A, 20B) arranged into the out-let channels (11, 12) for recovering heat from and for providing heat to air flowing inthe outlet channels (11, 12).

id-WO2023287390A1    abstract-The declared heat recovery ventilation system consists of a heat exchanger (14), internal (8) and external (19) fans, internal cylinder (20) which are interconnected and located in the external cylinder (4) of the system, internal (5) and external (24) covers located on both sides of the cylinder (4) and propane on the surface of the internal (2) and external (1) walls. The plates (13) of the heat exchanger (14), located in the outer cylinder (4), are connected in the shape of a diamond, and the heat exchanger (14) is made with a cross section of the square shape. Heat exchanger (14) is equipped with two LIDS (11, 16) inserted in its exhaust and air outlet (10, 17). Covers (11, 16) are equipped with openings, which are made with the possibility of alternating opening and closing for each type of air.
id-WO2023282695A1    abstract-본 invention has characteristics of Joe 습 liquid mixture of harnessing and air/exhaust heat recovery ventilator cleaner available and providing examples, work carried out by numerical simulation of indoor air, the ministry of interior exhaust, outdoor remind outdoor exhaust wealth, and wealth, as of indoor air and outdoor exhaust fan flies in the face of the air flow path of clean as a ventilation system, which includes The first phase liquid contact cell bu positioned on the air flow path from the above indoor exhaust to the above outdoor exhaust; The second liquid contact cell bu placed on the air flow path from the above outdoor feed unit to the above indoor feed unit; And so, wake 1 contact fluid cell stage 2 above wealth and fluid contact plus a liquid conduit that connects the bladder to recall, and no. 1 fluid contact cell fluid contact for his second term above wealth and wealth through air and liquid comes in contact with Joe 습 clause containing liquid using wet my clean provides a ventilator.
id-EP4123238A1    abstract-The present invention relates to an air conditioning unit (1) for heating or cooling the air (A<sub>M</sub>) destined for an indoor environment (400). Said unit (1) comprises at least one refrigeration machine (5) that includes at least one refrigeration circuit (CF, CF<sub>1</sub>, CF<sub>2</sub>) configured to produce a refrigeration cycle with a respective operating fluid. This circuit comprises a first air-to-liquid/gas heat exchanger (11, 11-1, 11-2) configured to generate, in a first heat exchange section (110), a heat exchange between said operating fluid and the treated air (A<sub>M</sub>) destined for said indoor environment (400). The circuit further comprises a second air-to-liquid/gas heat exchanger (12, 12-1, 12-2) configured to generate, in a second heat exchange section (120), a heat exchange between said operating fluid and the air (A<sub>E</sub>) of the outdoor environment (500). According to the invention, the air conditioning unit comprises a third heat exchange section (130) comprising suction means for sucking return air (A<sub>R</sub>) coming from the indoor environment (400) into a chamber (30) partially delimited by a portion (12B, 12-1B, 12-2B) of the second heat exchanger (12, 12-1, 12-2) so that the return air (A<sub>R</sub>) sucked into this chamber (30) is ejected into said outdoor environment (500) through said second portion (12B, 12-1B, 12-2B) of said second heat exchanger (12, 12-1, 12-2).

id-EP4123235A1    abstract-A field air-conditioner (1) is described, comprising:- an air-conditioner body (2) comprising an external casing (3);- an internal return duct (10) extended inside said casing (3) and having an inlet (11) for the return air (A1) and an outlet (12) for the return air (A1), said inlet (11) for the return air (A1) being adapted to be put in fluid communication with an environment (500) to be air-conditioned to allow said return air (A1), taken from the environment (500) to be air-conditioned, to enter the internal return duct (10), said outlet (12) for the return air (A1) being provided to discharge the return air (A1) in an environment (600) which is external with respect to the environment (500) to be air-conditioned;- an internal delivery duct (20), independent of the internal return duct (10), which extends inside said casing (3) and comprises an inlet (21) for the external air (A2) and a outlet (22) for the external air (A2), said inlet (21) for the external air (A2) being adapted to allow the external air (A2), taken from said external environment (600), to enter the internal delivery duct (20), said outlet (22) for the external air (A2) being adapted to be put in fluid communication with the environment to be air-conditioned (500) at the same time as the inlet (11) for the return air (A1), to introduce the external air (A2) into the environment to be air-conditioned (500);- a return fan (13) arranged in the internal return duct (10) to take the return air (A1) from the environment to be air-conditioned (500);- a delivery fan (23) arranged in the internal delivery duct (20) to introduce the external air (A2) into the environment to be air-conditioned (500);wherein said return fan (13) and said delivery fan (23) are controllable so as to be capable of regulating the flow of the return air (A1) through the internal return duct (10) and the flow of the external air (A2) through the internal delivery duct (20), respectively, to selectively establish a predetermined positive or negative pressure differential between said environment to be air-conditioned (500) and said external environment (600).

id-US20230003414A1    abstract-A heating, ventilation, and/or air conditioning (HVAC) system includes an air handling unit configured to condition an outdoor air flow to generate a ventilation air flow. The HVAC system includes a terminal unit fluidly coupled to the air handling unit. The terminal unit includes a plenum configured to receive the ventilation air flow and a blower configured to draw a return air flow from a space serviced by the HVAC system across a heat exchanger of the terminal unit and into the plenum to condition the return air flow. The blower is configured to mix the ventilation air flow and the return air flow to generate a supply air flow. A displacement ventilation (DV) diffuser is configured to receive the supply air flow. The DV diffuser is configured to direct the supply air flow through a filter of the DV diffuser and into the space.

id-WO2023002653A1    abstract-An air harmonizer is an air harmonizer that supplies air to the room through air supply ducts by operating an air blower. The air supply duct is connected to the air supply duct, which takes in air from the air supply duct and supplies air to the room through the air supply duct. It is equipped with a housing with an air inlet and an exhaust inlet to exhaust the air taken in from the air inlet to the outside. In addition, the air harmonizer is formed in the housing, and the outside air path connecting the outside air outlet and the supply air outlet is separated and formed in the housing, and the exhaust air path connecting the return air outlet and the exhaust air path is configured in the indoor heat transfer where the refrigerant flows. The air blower that generates air from the air inlet to the room through the air inlet and air duct during operation, and the damper that opens and closes the air inlet. It is opened when the air blower is operated and closed when the air blower is shut down. Equipped with air supply dampers.
id-WO2023018096A1    abstract-본 invention can improve the air quality is air 구용 as a filtering device, detail than empty space inside, and formed at the upper open at least part of the scope and feature in the form, feature inside the body of the above filters, wealth and remind, wealth and wealth and wealth that feature between the sealing body, body's side of the above remind parasols and wealth, including the incoming direction, the direction, Features covering at least part of the above body parts.
id-US20230059931A1    abstract-A single-package air conditioner unit may include a housing, an outdoor heat exchanger assembly, an indoor heat exchanger assembly, a compressor, and a plenum. The housing may define an outdoor portion and an indoor portion. The plenum may be attached to the housing and receivable within a wall channel defined by a structure wall. The plenum may define a primary air channel and a make-up air (MUA) inlet in fluid parallel with the primary air channel. The primary air channel may be disposed in fluid communication with the outdoor portion to permit air therebetween. The MUA inlet may be in fluid communication with the indoor portion to permit air thereto.

id-US20230060278A1    abstract-This application provides a composite cooling system. The composite cooling system includes an indoor air duct and an outdoor air duct that are independent of each other. The indoor air duct and the outdoor air duct intersect in a heat exchange area of the composite cooling system. A first-stage heat exchanger core, a second-stage heat exchanger core, and a first side air duct are disposed in the heat exchange area. The heat exchange area is constructed as a part of the outdoor air duct. The first-stage heat exchanger core, the first side air duct, and the second-stage heat exchanger core are sequentially arranged along a flow direction of the outdoor air duct. An inner cavity of the first-stage heat exchanger core and an inner cavity of the second-stage heat exchanger core each are further constructed as a part of the indoor air duct.

id-WO2023022387A1    abstract-This example conducted work of launch damper device frame with openings, and remind us to revise the above list, opening the frame is combined with blade damper device containing the recall, recall, damper devices on blade rotation makes it possible to combine 1 is designed to frame the above bracket and bound to match, in above 1 bracket and a second bracket, 상기 first remind bracket and second bracket symmetrically formed depend on the no. 1 and 2 halls and remind remind, hall 1 and 2 hall of one linked to remind the blades rotate through the motor and the blade above, including no. 1 in hall 1 recall when CCW direction above list and attached to the first, in the opposite direction of the second rotate direction when connected in above 2 hall.
id-US20230055517A1    abstract-A ventilation apparatus including a housing having an inlet flow path to discharge outdoor air, to an indoor space through a first outlet, and an outlet flow path to discharge indoor air, to an outdoor space through a second outlet, a total enthalpy heat exchanger in which air flowing along the inlet flow path and air flowing along the outlet flow path exchange heat, and a heat exchanger to remove moisture in the air flowing along the inlet flow path. The housing including a connection flow path connecting the inlet flow path to the outlet flow path, and a connection path opening and closing unit configured to selectively open and close the connection flow path. The connection flow path to allow indoor air, to pass through the heat exchanger and flow to the first outlet while preventing the indoor air from flowing to the total enthalpy heat exchanger.

id-WO2023014594A1    abstract-A cooling assembly includes an evaporator containing a primary cooling medium, a passive condenser, a heat exchanger, and a flow control valve controlling the flow of the primary cooling medium into the evaporator. When a secondary cooling medium is provided to the heat exchanger, the primary cooling medium in the gas phase switches from being received by the passive condenser to the heat exchanger without operating any valves located between the evaporator and the passive condenser and between the evaporator and the heat exchanger. The primary cooling medium circulates between the evaporator and the passive condenser and between the evaporator and the heat exchanger by natural circulation and gravity without a pump in the flow path of the primary cooling medium between the heat exchanger and the evaporator and between the passive condenser and the evaporator to circulate the primary cooling medium.

id-US20230092798A1    abstract-An energy collection system for capturing wind energy being exhausted from an air exhaust system. The energy collection system has a frame and a wind turbine. The wind turbine has a blade configured to rotate about a shaft. Air leaving the air exhaust system in a vertical direction causes the blade to rotate which is then converted by the wind turbine into electricity.

id-US20230077670A1    abstract-There is disclosed an environmental control system for thermally conditioning air within an enclosed space comprising: a refrigerant circuit having a compressor, an indoor heat exchanger, an expansion device, and an outdoor heat exchanger. The system further comprises an intake flowpath for directing an intake flow of fresh air to the enclosed space, wherein a heat-transfer section of the indoor heat exchanger is located within the intake flowpath to thermally condition the intake flow of fresh air before entering the enclosed space. The system further comprises an exhaust flowpath for directing an exhaust flow of thermally conditioned air to an external environment. A recovery heat exchanger is provided to transfer thermal energy between the exhaust flow and the intake flow at a location within the intake flowpath that is upstream of the heat-transfer section of the indoor heat exchanger.

id-EP4160101A1    abstract-The present disclosure relates to a ventilation system for a room, the ventilation system comprising a first air passage (20) having a first air inlet (22) and a first air outlet (24); a first fan (26) configured to induce a first air flow from the first air inlet (22) through the first air passage (20) to the first air outlet (24), the first fan (26) having a first fan motor (28); and a controller (40) for controlling the ventilation system; wherein the controller (40) is configured to execute a safety operation i) when the first fan motor (28) is in an ON state and/or ii) when the controller (40) receives a signal indicating that a refrigerant leakage has been detected, wherein the controller (40) is configured to, in the safety operation, a) obtain, of the first fan motor (28), the electrical power and/or the electrical current and/or the electrical resistance during operation of the first fan motor (28) at a predetermined revolution speed or a predetermined DC voltage of the first fan motor (28); b) compare the obtained electrical power and/or the electrical current and/or the electrical resistance of the first fan motor (28) with a first threshold, wherein the first threshold is a predetermined threshold associated to a set minimum first air flow rate through the first air passage (20); c) initiate a measure when the obtained electrical power and/or the electrical current and/or the electrical resistance of the first fan motor (28) falls below the first threshold.

id-EP4148335A1    abstract-A heat recovery ventilation unit (10) comprising - a polygonal heat exchanger (20) and a housing (30) comprising insulation material, wherein the polygonal heat exchanger (20) and the housing (30) define - a first inlet (42) and a first outlet (44) defining a first airstream pathway (40) from the first inlet (42) to the first outlet (44) through the polygonal heat exchanger (20); - a second inlet (52) and a second outlet (54) defining a second airstream pathway (50) from the second inlet (52) to the second outlet (54) through the polygonal heat exchanger (20);  - the housing (30) further comprises - a bypass channel (32) arranged to bypass the polygonal heat exchanger (20) along the first airstream pathway (40), thereby defining a bypass airstream pathway (34),  - an airstream swap unit (60) downstream to the polygonal heat exchanger (20) and the bypass airstream pathway (32), the airstream swap unit (60) being configurable between a heat recovery position (62), where the bypass airstream pathway (34) is blocked, and a bypass position (64), where the first airstream pathway (50) is blocked.

id-US20230072821A1    abstract-The present disclosure provides a climate control system including a first heat exchanger having a plurality of first channels to allow flow of water therethrough, a burner to heat the water in the first channels of the first heat exchanger, and an inducer disposed proximal to the burner to direct combustion air towards the burner for combustion, and vent products of combustion. The system further includes a hydronic coil-to-air heat exchanger in fluid communication with the first heat exchanger, to receive the heated water from the first heat exchanger. The hydronic coil-to-air heat exchanger includes a plurality of second channels to allow flow of heated water therethrough. The system also includes a blower to blow air across the plurality of second channels of the hydronic coil-to-air heat exchanger, whereby the air is heated by the heated water.

id-EP4151916A1    abstract-The invention relates to Luftungsvorrichtung (42), a program to operate a Luftungsvorrichtung raumlufttechnische Annexes to the building, simultaneously Luftungsvorrichtung to the shell of the building (43)anordbar simultaneously Luftungsvorrichtung Außenlufteinlass(63) to the inhaled air exchange of the outdoor space (59) and the male Fortluftauslass(61) to the candle Fortluft were trained while Luftungsvorrichtung Lenkungseinrichtung(57) has at least one Luftkanal(47) on the leading Fortluft Fortluftauslass symptoms while Luftungsvorrichtung a Steuereinrichtung manages the air exchange of Lenkungseinrichtung with at least one sensor in the direction of Detektion (58) gas. At the same time Lenkungseinrichtung was so significant by steuerbar Steuereinrichtung that it was calculated that the outer progress of the air flow was quite high compared to the inner progress at 64 degrees north latitude (64).
id-WO2023056814A1    abstract-A box-type heat exchange device comprises a box body and a heat exchange core body installed in the box body; A heat exchange channel is formed in the box body, which comprises a plurality of first through holes through the heat exchange core body; The box body comprises a first side plate provided with an indoor air supply outlet and an indoor return air outlet, and one end of the first through hole is connected with the indoor air supply outlet, and the other end is connected with the indoor return air outlet. The box-type heat exchange device of the invention, in which the indoor air supply outlet and the indoor return air outlet are arranged on the same side plate of the box, can effectively shorten the length of the pipeline between the room and the box, which is equivalent to reducing the wind resistance of the pipeline and thereby reducing the power consumption of the fan.
id-EP4174397A1    abstract-Ventilation box, comprising an internal compartment (22), an access opening (52), a swing panel (55), and a hinge (70) guiding a movement of the swing panel (55) between closed and open positions. To reduce the risk of damage to the ventilation box and facilitate maintenance, the hinge (70) includes: a fixed hinge (71), which is attached to the internal compartment (22), a movable hinge (72), which is attached to the fixed hinge (71) by being swivel relative to the fixed hinge (71) around a swivel axis (X71); And a slide (73), which is attached to the movable hinge (72) by being sliding in relation to the movable hinge (72) along a sliding axis (R72) perpendicular to the pivot axis (X71) and parallel to the swing panel (55), the swing panel (55) being fixed to the slide (73) to be attached to the inner compartment (22) via the hinge (70).
id-US20230160597A1    abstract-A ventilation apparatus includes: a housing including a first inlet through which outside air is sucked, a second inlet through which room air is sucked, a first outlet through which air is supplied to an indoor space, and a second outlet through which air is discharged to an outdoor space; an outside temperature sensor configured to measure a first temperature of the outside air; a room temperature sensor configured to measure a second temperature of the room air; a total heat exchanger configured to perform heat exchange between the outside air and the room air; a first blower communicating with the first outlet; a second blower communicating with the second outlet; and a processor to perform a drying operation for the total heat exchanger by operating at least one of the first blower or the second blower, based on a difference value between the first temperature and the second temperature.

id-EP4187169A1    abstract-An air transfer and treatment device for supplying outdoor fresh air to an indoor building space and extracting contaminated air from the indoor building space comprising a housing having a height (1), a width (2) and a depth (3) with a supply fan (4) an extraction fan (6) and a heat recovery exchanger (10), wherein the total outer depth (3) of the housing has a maximum dimension equal to 1/2 of the outer diameter of the supply impeller (5) of the supply fan (4) for supplying air to the ventilated building space, and also equal to 1/2 of the outer diameter of the extraction impeller (7) of the extraction fan (6) for extracting air from the ventilated building space. The total outer depth (3) of the housing has preferably a maximum dimension equal to 1/10 of the total outer height (1) and the total outer width (2).

id-WO2023099555A1    abstract-Wall transmitter (10, 110) for heating or cooling a room comprising an exchanger module comprising a set of fins (16) crossed by two tubes (15) and (17) for the circulation of a heat transfer fluid, the exchanger module is responsible for transferring calories from the heat transfer fluid to an air stream or vice versa, is provided with an air outlet and an air inlet, and at least two fans (20, 201, 202) perpendicular to the fins, The flow of air sucked by the fans passing through the fins (16). The fans are located under the fins so that the exchanger module includes a enclosure (18, 118) closed on the side sides and open downwards only on the fans and upwards on the fins, with the exchanger module air outlet passage section adapted to be between 50% and 100% of the air inlet passage section. The device greatly reduces the energy consumption of a room or building while increasing the comfort of the occupants.
id-US20230184457A1    abstract-A condensate, precipitation and recycled water recovery system is described, for use in cooling applications such as air-cooled air conditioning and refrigeration systems. The recovered and recycled water system is a method designed to assist the air-cooled condenser in cooling the refrigerant, prior to the refrigerant cooling control system evaporator. The system can include an electronic control system, although not essential in all embodiments. In one embodiment, at least one condensate, precipitation, and recycled water recovery system is attached to the condenser of the refrigerant cooling control system. In another embodiment, multiple condensate, precipitation, and recycled water recovery systems are located on the condenser of the refrigerant cooling control system.

id-US20230151996A1    abstract-Provided are an air conditioning device and method. The air conditioning control device includes a ventilation fan, a memory storing at least one instruction, and at least one processor connected to the memory, in which the at least one processor is configured to, by executing the at least one instruction, determine, among a plurality of rooms, a first room from which thermal energy is to be recovered and a second room to which the thermal energy to be recovered is to be supplied, based on at least one of a sensor value of a sensor in a room among the plurality of rooms, a use schedule of at least one room among the plurality of rooms, and a user input, and drive the ventilation fan to exchange thermal energy of the first room and thermal energy of the second room.

id-WO2023090750A1    abstract-The air-conditioning control apparatus and method are provided. 본 examples conducted work of launch air-conditioning control device, ventilation fans, at least one instance the truck associated with memory and memory for storing at least one processor, including at least one, at least one ince trucks, revenge by enforcing its motion sensor of room within one of the room sensor values, Revenge at least one room in the schedule and the usage of room, based on user input at least one of vengeance to recall the thermal energy of the first room will supply heat energy and recovery will decide the second room, ventilation fan driven by heat energy of the room 1 and 2 can exchange the heat energy of the room.
id-EP4180732A1    abstract-The ventilation hole (3) of the building has a ventilation hole (4) connected to the first ventilation hole (5,6). An air duct (4) with a number of paragraphs (8), through which air (7) flows each time through a ventilation duct (4). Section 8 (8) Each storage volume has a hot compress (9) which is connected with the air flow (7) of each part (4) of the ventilation duct. Ventilation pipe (3) No exhaust port
id-WO2023089136A1    abstract-Umluftmodul (5) Frischluftbeimischung and a Gebaudewand :(1) Innenraums can work or board Gebaudewand (1) Innenraums The befestiges bar is full of shells (13) and an inner Berlin foot (15) and a seam at the back (17) as well as Raumlufteintrittsoffnung Frischlufteinlass(39), (33) and a Raumluftaustrittsoffnung (35 years old), a heat control in the shell (13) by (43) a control in the shell (13) Raumluft-Radiallufter (49 years old) and a control named an The geordnetem inlet heat is directed upwards by (43), so it passes through Raumlufteintrittsoffnung (33) as Umluft (55) einstromende The Raumluft passes through the heat by the (43)saugbar, and a housing (13) controls the air circulation (53) zufuhrenden FrischluftLufter (47), feet between (15) and the back of the housing (17)(13) side beside Raumluft-Radiallufter (49), is also Umluftmodul v (5) training the air circulation inside the housing (53)(13)Umluft(55) Passing and Umluft(55) more breathable than Zuluft beigemischen (53)(57) Raumluftaustrittsoffnung (35) conveyed.
id-WO2023086657A4    abstract-The present disclosure relates to a system and method of controlling the temperature and humidity of a conditioned space. The method and system are based on the two-phase pre-cooling of an airflow prior to dehumidification, wherein the airflow passes through a heat exchanger which initially cools and dehumidifies the air before it enters the dehumidifier for additional dehumidification.

id-WO2023093944A1    abstract-The invention relates to building technical equipment, complete ventilation equipment (1) building ventilation equipment, and electrical equipment (2) that can optionally provide electricity. After the invention, humans have designed a ventilation system (3) connecting ventilation facilities (1) and electrical equipment (2).
id-WO2023093286A1    abstract-This application belongs to the technical field of fresh air equipment and discloses a fresh air equipment control method, device, storage medium and fresh air equipment. The fresh air equipment includes the first heat exchange system and the second heat exchange system. The method determines the target operating mode according to the mode setting instruction when receiving the mode setting instruction, and adjusts the operating parameters of the first heat exchange system and the second heat exchange system in the fresh air equipment according to the target operating mode, so as to improve the energy efficiency of the fresh air equipment.
