id-US9845959B2    abstract-A ventilation device for ventilating rooms, has a first air routing device for routing a first flow of air, the routing device having a first room-side outlet, a first flow space in which at least one first fan capable of bidirectional operation is arranged, and a first outside outlet; a second air routing device for routing a second flow of air, which is fluidically completely separate from the first air routing device and has a second room-side outlet, a second flow space in which at least one second fan capable of bidirectional operation is arranged, and a second outside outlet; an integral gas-solid heat exchanger adapted to route the first flow of air and the second flow of air in a respective set of passageways, in a fluidically separated but thermally coupled manner, wherein the solid in the first and the second air routing device additionally forms a respective regenerator.

id-JP5858061B2    abstract-

id-JP2015143594A    abstract-[problem] we aim to improve the energy efficiency of ventilation equipment for indoor ventilation without compromising user comfort. [solution] switch between total heat exchange ventilation and normal ventilation according to the unpleasantness index of outdoor air (OA). A control unit (60) is set to switch the operation status of one of the energy-saving operation modes. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-US20170284696A1    abstract-An air conditioning system capable of treating a conditioned space by treating outdoor air from outside the conditioned space and treating air returned from inside the conditioned space, and mixing the outdoor air with the returned air to form supply air for the conditioned space, the air conditioning system including: •an outdoor air latent cooling treatment stage and a return air sensible cooling treatment stage, and •an air mixer for mixing outdoor air with return air to form the conditioned space supply air; wherein the outdoor air latent cooling treatment stage includes a dehumidification evaporator and the return air sensible cooling treatment stage includes a sensible evaporator, both evaporators being coupled to a direct expansion refrigeration circuit, and wherein the dehumidification evaporator thermal capacity is regulated in response to conditioned space humidity and the sensible evaporator thermal capacity is regulated in response to conditioned space dry bulb temperature.

id-EP2905548A1    abstract-A heat exchanger bypass apparatus comprising a bypass inlet (34) and a bypass outlet (36) for fluid communication with the air supply inlet (8) and the air supply outlet (18) of a ventilation unit (1) respectively. A bypass air channel (48) extends between the bypass inlet (34) and bypass outlet (36). An elongate rotatable damper (54) is located within the bypass air channel. The damper (54) is arranged to rotate about its longitudinal axis between and open and closed position in which it opens and closes the bypass air channel (48) respectively. Sealing ridges (66) are located on opposing sides of the bypass air channel (48). The ridges (66) and the rotatable damper (54) are arranged such the side edges of the damper (54) engage and sealingly abuts the sealing ridges (66) when in the closed position to close and seal the bypass air channel (48).

id-EP2913617A1    abstract-It says above that a heat exchanger which through a procedure was invented by the ancients by the following steps: prepare a Tonmasse ph of organic matter, set up Elementes Einbrennen to have a temperature of 300°C, while the interior of at least the canal is present.
id-EP2902718A1    abstract-The invention relates to a moisture ventilation risk control technique in which the fan of the exhaust system can operate in exhaust mode. In addition, it includes a risk control device, or an extension of a risk control device, for the use of a design method.
id-EP3126584B1    abstract-

id-US20150267931A1    abstract-A split air-conditioner module includes a control module, a fan module, a total heat exchange module, an air filter module and a cooling/heating module. Each module includes a frame and an electronic device installed in the frame. Each frame is installed independently and detachably coupled to the adjacent frame through a fastening structure, and the air-conditioner module is controlled by the control module for its operation. Users can select and configure the air-conditioning modules according to different environmental requirements. The split air-conditioner module has the advantages and effects of adjusting the performance, simplifying the equipment, reducing the space and providing an easy maintenance.

id-JPWO2015146018A1    abstract-A heat exchange device (6) is provided at the intersection of the air supply and air outlet paths (7) and the air outlet paths (8) for the heat exchange when ventilating the indoor and outdoor air. In addition, the temperature detection unit (12) is set at the outlet of the exhaust side of the heat exchange element (6) of the exhaust air supply path (8). When the temperature detected by the temperature detection unit (12) is below the specified value, the air supply volume becomes smaller than the air supply volume. Reduce the rotation of the air supply motor. Then, a heat exchange-type ventilation device (1) that can continue the simultaneous operation of air supply and exhaust while preventing the freezing of the heat exchange element (6) can be obtained.
id-WO2015142983A1    abstract-The present invention is a dehumidifier powered by an engine. The dehumidifier recycles waste heat from the engine and other components for the drying process. Moisture is transferred by advection and evaporation from an air stream flowing through the target environment (e.g., building interior) into a hot system air stream.

id-EP3143340A4    abstract-

id-US20160102876A1    abstract-A coaxial ventilator ( 20 ) exchanges atmosphere between parts of a building ( 22 ) that are at differing heights. The coaxial ventilator ( 20 ) includes an outer conduit ( 24 ) that extends from an upper end ( 42 ) thereof downward to a lower end ( 44 ) thereof. The outer conduit ( 24 ) surrounds an inner conduit ( 62 ) that extends substantially the entire length of the outer conduit ( 24 ). Both the outer and inner conduits ( 24, 62 ) are open at their respective upper ends ( 42, 66 ) and lower ends ( 44, 68 ). Temperatures of atmosphere both surrounding and within the outer conduit ( 24 ) and the inner conduit ( 62 ) induce an exchange of atmosphere between the coaxial ventilator ( 20 ) and surrounding atmosphere.

id-JP2017516053A    abstract-The embodiment obtains a specification that includes at least one requirement associated with a heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) system and, based on this specification, includes the movement of fluid before and after at least one regenerative device of the HVAC system and the surrounding air Configuring a control system to control the mixing of qi and this fluid is subject to.
id-EP2942576A1    abstract-A coaxial ventilator (20) exchanges atmosphere between parts of a building (22) that are at differing heights. The coaxial ventilator (20) includes an outer conduit (24) that extends from an upper end (42) thereof downward to a lower end (44) thereof. The outer conduit (24) surrounds an inner conduit (62) that extends substantially the entire length of the outer conduit (24). Both the outer and inner conduits (24, 62) are open at their respective upper ends (42, 66) and lower ends (44, 68). Temperatures of atmosphere both surrounding and within the outer conduit (24) and the inner conduit (62) induce an exchange of atmosphere between the coaxial ventilator (20) and surrounding atmosphere.

id-WO2015171051A2    abstract-A system for ventilating at least one room in a building, comprising a first re- generative heat exchanger unit (10, 10a) and a second regenerative heat exchanger unit (10, 10b), wherein the heat exchanger units, respectively, comprises a thermal storage medium (11) and an air moving device (12) for intermittently providing, in a first direction, an exhaust airflow (13) from the at least one room to an air supply through the thermal storage medium (11), and intermittently providing, in an opposite second direction, a supply airflow (14) from the air supply to the at least one room through the thermal storage medium (11). The heat exchanger units, respectively, comprises an electronic airflow control device (15) for controlling direction of the airflow, the airflow control devices (15) being connected to a wireless network for coordinating the operation of the first and second regenerative heat exchanger units.

id-EP2944889B1    abstract-

id-WO2015171052A2    abstract-A ventilation device (10) for exchanging room air, comprising a casing (15) having an internal wall (22) dividing the casing (15) into a first compartment (23) and a second compartment (24), each of said compartments (23, 24) having a first opening (25a, 25b) and a second opening (26a, 26b), wherein the ventilation device further comprises a first heat exchanger (11a) arranged in the first compartment, a second heat exchanger (11b) arranged in the second compartment, a first fan (12a) arranged in the first compartment and a second fan (12b) arranged in the second compartment, said fans being arranged for alternatingly providing, in a first direction, an exhaust airflow (13) from the room to an air supply through the heat exchangers, and alternatingly providing, in an opposite second direction, a supply airflow (14) from the air supply to the room through the heat exchangers.

id-US20190271490A1    abstract-Systems and methods for controlling temperature in an enclosed space can include an air-to-air heat exchanger (AAHX) and a direct evaporative cooler (DEC). The DEC can be located in a scavenger or outdoor air stream such that the DEC cools the outdoor air, which is then used to cool or reject heat from a process air stream passing through the AAHX. In an example, the AAHX can be a sensible wheel. In another example, the AAHX can be a counter-flow flat plate. The system can operate in various modes, including an economizer mode and an evaporation mode, depending, in part, on the outdoor air conditions and a load on the system. In some examples, the system can include a DX coil to provide additional cooling to the process air in another operating mode.

id-EP3161262A4    abstract-

id-JP6300921B2    abstract-

id-EP3165843B1    abstract-

id-EP3165845B1    abstract-

id-US10281162B2    abstract-A dual air flow exchanger, allowing a heat transfer and humidity transfer between two air flows, and including a plurality of first and second air circulation networks separated by membranes permeable to water vapor and impermeable to air and to liquid water, each of the first and second networks including cells each defined by a wall including openings for passage of air, the cell wall including two opposing edges at which same is open in a direction of stacking. For at least one of the first networks, at least one of the two opposing edges of each cell wall defines a hollow open in a direction of the second directly consecutive air circulation network, the hollows receiving a part of the second network.

id-US10126004B2    abstract-The present disclosure provides: a method for recycling waste-heat from a heat-dissipation facility, the method comprising: (a) collecting hot waste air generated in the heat-dissipation facility; (b) changing the hot air to cool air to change cool water to hot water; (c) feeding the cool air to the heat-dissipation facility to cool air in the heat-dissipation facility; and (d) increasing a humidity in the heat-dissipation facility using the hot water.

id-EP2985545B1    abstract-

id-EP2980499A1    abstract-Involved in the invention of Luftungsgerat (1) Warmeruckgewinnung Wohnraumluftung, air exchange and exit Zuluft with foreland (11) votes and Abluft with another strike land (12) votes Fortluft's exit and use heat by (35) for Warmetausch's first and second strike land (11,12), where Luftfordereinrichtung (34) has a Luftforderung in the first and/or in the second strike land (11,12). It is recommended that the first air flow (11) is a number of tributaries (28.29) corresponding to the incoming flow and vocal flow (55), the range of which is the first random flow regulator (11) to classify for a particular tributary flow (28.29).
id-WO2016024073A1    abstract-A wind tower for a building, a building, and a method of operating a wind tower for a building. The wind tower includes an opening for allowing air to enter and exit the tower and a duct for allowing air to flow between an interior of the building and the opening. The wind tower further includes a rotatable member positioned in the wind tower to condition a flow of air in the duct. A further method includes retrofitting an existing wind tower with a rotatable member.

id-WO2016042177A1    abstract-New pool heat pump with heat recovery capacity of the extraction air, exclusively, by means of a reversible mechanical compression cold circuit that allows to evacuate heat to the extraction air without the need to use a remote heat exchanger and regulation procedure, allowing, in addition, the air drying of covered pools and recover heat from the extraction air, exclusively, through a cold circuit, Which is reversible, to allow the evacuation of heat without using a remote heat exchanger for operation of the equipment in intermediate times.
id-EP3191782B1    abstract-

id-US20170234571A1    abstract-Supply air conduit ( 7 ) along which air is sent from outdoors to indoors by the air supply fan ( 9 ), exhaust air conduit ( 8 ) along which air is sent from indoors to outdoors by the air exhaust fan ( 10 ), and heat exchange element ( 6 ) provided at a position where supply air conduit ( 7 ) and exhaust air conduit ( 8 ) intersect, for exchanging heat between indoor air and outdoor air for ventilation are included. In addition, in exhaust air conduit ( 8 ), humidity detection unit ( 14 ) is provided at a position upstream of heat exchange element ( 6 ), and, in supply air conduit ( 7 ), temperature detection unit ( 13 ) is provided at a position upstream of heat exchange element ( 6 ). In addition, controller ( 11 ) reduces, when a temperature detected by temperature detection unit ( 13 ) and humidity detected by humidity detection unit ( 14 ) are predetermined values, speed of an air supply motor and an air exhaust motor so that air flow rates at which moisture neither condenses nor freezes are attained.

id-US20160084518A1    abstract-An air exchange device capable of adjusting temperature difference includes: a housing, a partition, a fan, a control module and a temperature difference adjusting module. The partition is mounted in the housing and divides a room inside the housing into a first air-guiding space and a second air-guiding space. The fan is mounted in the housing. The control module electrically connects with the fan. The temperature difference adjusting module includes a temperature regulator electrically connected to the control module. With the temperature difference adjusting module, an internal space is maintained as an environment with comfortable temperature in the air exchange process.

id-EP3191673B1    abstract-

id-WO2016038772A1    abstract-A building unit (1) that constitutes a part of a building with two or more floors is pre-assembled outside the building site, and a unit (11) that constitutes a first floor of a multi-storey building is pre-assembled outside the building site, and a unit (11) that constitutes a first floor of a multi-storey building is pre-assembled in a multi-storey building The second unit (12) and the space path (upper and lower air circulation duct (44)) are connected spatially to the first unit (11) and the second unit (12), which constitute the upper floor of the first unit (11).
id-WO2016046303A1    abstract-A heat exchanger system (100) for integration into a wall of a building, the system comprising an outer casing (18) and a dual-flow countercurrent exchanger (20) housed in the casing which has, at its periphery, an air channel (40a) extending around the exchanger (20) between a stale air intake cavity (54) and a stale air outlet cavity (56) into which it flows, The air channel (40a) bypassing externally a new air intake cavity (50) and being separated from the polluted air intake cavity (54) by controllable means (60) for diverting the air located in the same cavity (54). This arrangement makes the system multifunctional and gives it good energy performance, while at the same time presenting a satisfactory compactness.
id-WO2016042184A1    abstract-Multiple duct tube for heat exchangers, formed by a structural set (1) monopieza that determines multiple tubular conformations (2), which are joined laterally to a plate (3) support ina parallel arrangement between them with some Spaces (4) intermediate separation, allowing to establish inside the tubular conformations (2) and the Spaces (4), independent air circulations with heat transfer between them, Inside a tubular housing (6) envelope of the structural ensemble (1). - 7 -
id-US20160087556A1    abstract-An array of energy harvesting units is disclosed. Each unit has a flexible, elongated support with the proximate end fixedly connected to a stationary support such that the flexible beam experiences a mechanical vibration due to flow of a fluid. An active material is disposed on the flexible support that generates an electric current in response to the mechanical vibration. A coupler is provided on each energy harvesting unit such that each is connected to at least one adjacent unit. The resulting array provides an energy output that is greater than the sum of two, uncoupled units.

id-US9832911B2    abstract-An air handling unit, particularly for data center cooling, operates to cool a flow of return air from a conditioned space using a flow of ambient air. The return air is recirculated to the conditioned space as supply air. The flow of ambient air can be adiabatically cooled to a lower temperature to provide additional cooling. A flow of makeup air can be joined with the cooled return air to form the supply air, and can be sourced from the ambient environment directly or from the heated flow of ambient air.

id-EP3205948A1    abstract-A heat-exchange ventilation device including a heater connection terminal to which an external connection heater (8) that is installed in an outdoor air-supply duct connected on an outdoor side of an air supply passage and that heats a supply air flow flowing through the air supply passage into a heat exchanger is connected, a temperature sensor (6) that measures a temperature of a supply air flow passing through the air supply passage, and a control unit (22) that controls operations of an air supply fan (5) and an air exhaust fan (4) and turning-on and turning-off of the external connection heater (8) based on a measurement result of the temperature sensor (6), in which the air supply fan (5) is operable at a plurality of intensities at which different air volumes of the supply air flow are generated, and the control unit (22) prohibits a state in which the air supply fan (5) is operated at an intensity lower than an intensity set in advance and the external connection heater (8) is turned on.

id-EP3009733B1    abstract-

id-EP3018425A2    abstract-Ventilation system, comprising a housing with a countercurrent heat exchanger, plus two systems, where each system comprises at least one inlet, one outlet, an inlet chamber, an outlet chamber, and a ventilator with motor and where each system comprises at least the following connections: inlet, inlet chamber, countercurrent heat exchanger, outlet chamber, ventilator air inlet and outlet and where there is a ventilator in connection with each ventilator air inlet, where the inlet chambers and the outlet chambers are made from at least parts of the housing, the countercurrent heat exchanger and an intermediate plate, where the intermediate plate has a ventilator air inlet and, connected to this, means of installation of a ventilator, thereby achieving a ventilation system which can be used in houses, apartments and buildings in general in connection with renovation, where there is a demand for a minimum ceiling height and demands regarding energy saving products.

id-WO2016065395A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a system and method of cooling by latent energy transfer and, in particular, to cool a fluid by discharging unwanted low temperature thermal energy to a surrounding ambient environment utilising a fluid evaporation process involving permitted or forced ventilation of air across a surface area of a heat transfer fluid. The invention further relates to an air treatment system utilising the cooled heat transfer fluid for cooling air and for supplying ventilation air to the evaporation process. A body of liquid is cooled close to the prevailing wet bulb temperature, discharging unwanted thermal energy to the surroundings, rendering the liquid suitable as a cooling medium for removing unwanted thermal energy from a location or in a process.

id-US20160109142A1    abstract-A method of controlling moisture reaching a building façade may include providing a weather resistant building shield, the shield including first and second subchannels. The building shield may be disposed parallel to an inner façade and separated from the inner façade by an air gap. The method may include causing input air to flow through the first subchannel at an input air flow rate and causing exhaust air to flow through the second subchannel at an exhaust air flow rate. Controlling at least one of the input and exhaust air flow rates may provide control over moisture content in the gap.

id-WO2016058220A1    abstract-The utility model relates to an air conditioner water heater integrated machine, comprising an air conditioner and a water heater. The compressor of the air conditioner is a water-cooled air conditioner compressor, and the water heater has a water storage tank. The compressor dissipates heat through a water-cooled radiator, and the water of the water-cooled radiator is heated and stored in the water storage tank of the water heater.
id-EP3012545A1    abstract-The invention of the procedure and arrangement of the building to the ventilation of the room, examined the Luftungsvorrichtungen (6), which at least detected the Luftungsvorrichtung base (6)(5) into the monster beluftenden space (2, 3, 4) ordered Sensoreinh eiten(14), which respectively beluftenden room Sensoreinheit(2, 3, 4) Ordered by the central Steuervorrichtung (17) at the same time each Sensoreinheiten(14) to formulate the raumspezifischen evaluation results to the headquarters Luftparameter Steuervorrichtung(17 years old) will transmit data and central transmitter (17) a Steuersignal from the identified raumspezifischen Istparametern and raumspezifischen Sollparametern Luftungsvorrichtungen identifies and radiates these. (6) ErfindungsGemaßz proposed that central Steuerungsvorrichtung(17 years old) each Steuersignal with a special personal identity and Luftungsvorrichtungen (6) zuordenbaren identifies to this point and in this way produces the data and broadcasts it to all the Luftungsvorrichtungen (6) programs within reach, examining in each Luftungsvorrichtung (6) whether empfangener data is for the tester Luftun gsvorrichtung(6), itself, has records on the ventilation device being examined (6) that are passed on to other devices (6) of the ventilation device. For this purpose each Luftungsvorrichtung (6) is equipped with Funkmodul(15) and data centers Steuerungsvorrichtung(17) and/or other Luftungsvorrichtungen (6) Steuerungsvorrichtung empfangbar to the head office and with data (17) and/or other Luftungsvorrichtungen (6) the cost of broadcast, and in the local implementation Datenverarbeitungseinheit review whether data is Luf tungsvorrichtung spare parts.
id-US20160131377A1    abstract-An air conditioning device having an indoor heat exchanger, a heat recovery ventilator, a supply fan, and an exhaust fan inside a housing and configured to perform at least one of cooling/heating, heat recovery ventilation, and pure ventilation. The air conditioning device includes a first flow path configured to guide indoor air while the cooling/heating is performed, a second flow path configured to guide the indoor air toward the heat recovery ventilator, and a third flow path configured to guide outdoor air toward the heat recovery ventilator while the heat recovery ventilation is performed. The air conditioning device includes fourth and fifth flow paths configured to guide indoor air and outdoor air, respectively, and an inlet port that corresponds to the third flow path and the fifth flow path, and a discharge port that corresponds to outlets of the second flow path and the fourth flow path.

id-US10168061B2    abstract-A conditioning system of the free cooling type for environments and particularly for computing centers, which comprises:         a conditioning unit of the free cooling type provided with an evaporative cooler using water,   first fans, for the exit to the outside environment of a stream of warm air in output from said conditioning unit,   second fans for emitting cool, conditioned air from said conditioning unit,   elements for accumulating reserve water which are interconnected to the conditioning unit,   a detector for detecting the presence of a flow of water in input to the accumulation elements, which are interconnected with an electronic unit for the control and management of the conditioning system.

id-US10337752B2    abstract-A ventilation system comprising a conveying unit for conveying a supply airstream into an interior space through at least one air outlet channel, and at least one exhaust air opening which may have an adjustable opening width. The at least one air outlet channel arranged at a distance from the at least one exhaust air opening, such that an airstream is established during operation therebetween in the interior space. The ventilation system is paired with a humidifying device to supply humidity into the interior space, said humidifying device comprising a generator for generating an aerosol from a liquid with droplets sized to be carried by the airstream, and at least one aerosol outlet channel arranged in the interior space such that the aerosol is captured by the airstream. A method for conditioning an interior space using at least one or more such ventilation systems is further described.

id-EP3026357A3    abstract-The invention provides system for cooling a space. The system comprises a housing with an external inlet, an external outlet, an internal inlet, an internal outlet, and is configurable to provide a first flow passage for conducting air between the external inlet and the internal outlet and to provide, a second flow passage for conducting air between the external inlet and the external outlet, and a third flow passage for conducting air between the internal inlet and the internal outlet. The internal outlet comprises means for generating a laminar airflow at the internal outlet.

id-EP3029391A3    abstract-A method of controlling the flow of heat drives (and sometimes flow) in a circulating system, specifically designed to formulate the maximum possible dynamic delivery unit. This process can also be carried out with the maximum possible temperature change of the sealed air flow. This process may also be subject to the maximum possible temperature variation under flow requirements.
id-WO2016074077A1    abstract-An energy exchange system for conditioning air in an interior space of a structure. The system may include at least one supply liquid-to-air membrane energy exchanger (LAMEE) unit for conditioning air from outside to form supply air for the interior space, and at least one exhaust LAMEE unit for collecting air from the interior space to form exhaust air. An auxiliary loop may fluidly connect between a desiccant liquid outlet of the exhaust LAMEE unit and a desiccant liquid inlet of the supply LAMEE unit. In a first mode, desiccant liquid is circulated between the supply LAMEE unit and the exhaust LAMEE unit. In a second mode, desiccant liquid is circulated between the supply LAMEE unit, the exhaust LAMEE unit, and the auxiliary loop, and water content of the desiccant liquid is decreased in the auxiliary loop.

id-WO2016070471A1    abstract-The utility model relates to a water-cooled air conditioner converted from an external air-cooled air conditioner, which comprises a compressor (1), a condenser (2), a throttle valve (4), a water-cooled unit (3) and a water storage tank (5). The condenser (2) is a metal tube connected to the compressor (1) and the throttle valve (4); The water-cooling unit (3) includes a water-cooling tube (31), the outer diameter of which is larger than that of the condenser (2), and the condenser (2) is included in its interior; The water cooling pipe (31) is provided with a water inlet and a water outlet. The water outlet of the water cooling pipe (31) is connected with the water storage tank (5) through a conduit, and the water inlet is connected with the water source. The air conditioner has the advantages of simple structure, high heat dissipation efficiency and low noise.
