id-US11060539B2    abstract-A device having a hybrid hydraulic-electric architecture includes a hydraulic pump/motor having first and second ports, and an electric motor. The device is configured to connect to two or more pressure rails, each pressure rail containing hydraulic fluid at a different pressure than the other pressure rails. A flow of hydraulic fluid from one of the pressure rails is driven through the hydraulic pump/motor, and a pressure difference exists between the first and second ports. The electric motor is configured to control a flow rate of the flow of hydraulic fluid and/or the pressure difference.

id-US20220145578A1    abstract-A construction machine according to an exemplary embodiment of the present invention includes: an engine; a boom cylinder which is divided into a head side and a rod side; a regeneration line through which hydraulic fluid discharged from the head side of the boom cylinder moves when the boom descends; a regeneration motor which is connected with the regeneration line and is operated, and assists the engine; a pilot pump which generates a pilot pressure; a pilot line through which pilot hydraulic fluid discharged from the pilot pump moves; a regeneration connection line which connects the pilot line and the regeneration line; an on/off valve installed in the regeneration connection line; and a control device which closes the on/off valve when a pressure of the pilot line drops below a predetermined pressure or the hydraulic fluid discharged from the boom cylinder is supplied to the regeneration motor.

id-US11512717B2    abstract-A series train of symmetrical dual rod-end double-action hydraulic cylinders with a cross sectional area in a series of powers of 2. The cylinders have corresponding computer controlled valves. The cylinders are switchable into three states. One state of shortcutting 2 fluid ports, another state of driving towards each opposite direction of reciprocation and the third state of idling. In the cylinder train all same polarity ports of the valve assembly are connected by hoses or pipes to align towards the same orientation to enable synchronous reciprocal motion and train power output.

id-EP3940152A1    abstract-A connection switching device (45) connects a bottom-side oil chamber (15C) of a boom cylinder (15) and a bottom-side oil chamber (16C) of an arm cylinder (16) when a boom operating device (22A) instructs the contraction of the boom cylinder (15) and an arm operating device (21B) instructs the expansion of the arm cylinder (16) . The connection switching device (45) connects the bottom-side oil chamber (15C) of the boom cylinder (15) and a rod-side oil chamber (16D) of the arm cylinder (16) when the boom operating device (22A) instructs the contraction of the boom cylinder (15) and the arm operating device (21B) instructs the contraction of the arm cylinder (16).

id-EP3951086A1    abstract-An excavator according to an embodiment of the present invention includes flow control valves respectively at rod sides and bottom sides of a plurality of hydraulic cylinders. The flow control values are configured to control flow rates in accordance with pilot pressures.

id-US11053958B2    abstract-A regeneration valve includes a housing defining a first port, a second port, a third port, and a chamber fluidly communicating with the first, second, and third ports. The chamber has a valve element movable between a first position, in which the second port fluidly communicates with the first port, and a second position, in which the second port fluidly communicates with the third port. A resilient member biases the valve element towards the first position. In operation, a flow restrictor element moves between the first port and the second port for restricting fluid flow from the second port to the first port. At a predetermined flow rate between the second port and the first port, if a supply pressure of fluid at the actuation chamber exceeds the bias of the resilient member, the valve element moves to the second position for fluidly communicating the second and third ports.

id-EP3951073A1    abstract-A hydraulic machine comprises: a tank (101); a working device including a boom; a boom cylinder which operates the boom and has a large chamber (313a) and a small chamber (313b); a floating hydraulic circuit connected to the large chamber (313a), the small chamber (313b), and the tank (101) so as to perform a floating function which enables the large chamber (313a), the small chamber (313b), and the tank (101) to communicate with each other; and an operator input device for receiving, from a driver, a request for turning on or turning off the floating hydraulic circuit. In the case of a boom down operation for lowering the boom, it is determined whether the working device floats in the air, and when it is determined that the working device floats in the air, the floating hydraulic circuit can be turned off, even if the request for turning on the floating hydraulic circuit is input to the operator input device. In some embodiments, when a value (the pressure of the large chamber (313a) - the pressure of the small chamber (313b)/(a valid area to which the pressure of the large chamber (313a) is applied/a valid area to which the pressure of the small chamber (313b) is applied)) is greater than a preset value, it may be determined that the working device floats in the air. In some alternative embodiments, when the value of the pressure of the large chamber (313a) is greater than the preset value, it may be determined that the working device floats in the air.

id-WO2020204237A1    abstract-Hydraulic machinery, including a boom actuator (313) which includes a large chamber (313A) and a small chamber (313B); Tanks (101) and; Energy recovery circuit (500) provided between the above boom actuator (313) and the above tank (101); Including, and the above energy recovery circuit (500), provided between the above large chamber (313A) and the above tank (101), a drain valve (513) which permits or blocks the flow of fluid from the above large chamber (313A) to the above tank (101); A regenerative valve (509) connecting the upper large chamber (313A) and the upper small chamber (313B) to permit or block the flow of fluid from the upper large chamber (313A) to the upper small chamber (313B); And the Recovery Unit (525) for retrieving energy; A no. 1 valve (517) provided between the above Large chamber (313A) and the above recovery chamber (525) to permit or block the flow of fluid from the above large chamber (313A) to the above recovery chamber (525); Can include.
id-EP3951099A1    abstract-A hydraulic machine comprises: a power source (11); an assist motor comprising an inlet port (21a) and an outlet port (21b) and assisting a torque of the power source (11); a tank (51); a collection line (29) which is connected to the inlet port (21a) and allows a fluid to flow to the inlet port; a first return line (48) which is connected to the tank (51) and allows the fluid to flow to the tank (51); a self-priming line (25) which connects the first return line (48) to the inlet port (21a) and allows the fluid to flow from the first return line (28) to the inlet port (21a); and an anti-cavitation line (55) which connects the outlet port (21b) to the self-priming line (25) and allows the fluid to flow from the outlet port (21b) to the self-priming line (25).

id-EP3722617A1    abstract-The present document relates to a hydraulic circuit (1; 100), comprising: a fluid reservoir (2), a fluid output port (7a), a first hydraulic pump (3) having a first fluid port (3a) and a second fluid port (3b), the first fluid port (3a) of the first hydraulic pump (3) selectively fluidly connected with the fluid reservoir (2), and the second fluid port (3b) of the first hydraulic pump (3) fluidly connected or selectively fluidly connected with the fluid output port (7a), a hydraulic accumulator (6), and at least one accumulator valve (14a, 14b). The at least one accumulator valve (14a, 14b) is configured to be selectively placed in either one of a first configuration and a second configuration, the at least one accumulator valve (14a, 14b) in the first configuration fluidly connecting the hydraulic accumulator (6) with the first fluid port (3a) of the first hydraulic pump (3) and fluidly disconnecting the hydraulic accumulator (6) from the fluid output port (7a), and the at least one accumulator valve (14a, 14b) in the second configuration fluidly connecting or selectively fluidly connecting the hydraulic accumulator (6) with the fluid output port (7a) and fluidly disconnecting the hydraulic accumulator (6) from the first fluid port (3a) of the first hydraulic pump (3). The present document further relates to methods of controlling the hydraulic circuit (1; 100).

id-EP4098890A1    abstract-The present disclosure relates to a blended or hybrid power system with increased operating efficiency. The blended power system combines the advantages of electrical power with the advantages of hydraulic power when delivering power to a hydraulic actuator. The hydraulic power provides higher power density and the electrical power provides high efficiency and control accuracy in the blended power system. In a blended power system, a control system may be configured to select different modes of operation based on the loads encountered in the combined hydraulic and electrohydrostatic system. The blended power system also allows for smooth and uninterrupted transitions between the different modes of operation within the blended power system. Thus, jerkiness in the blended power system may be minimized or eliminated.

id-US10907658B1    abstract-The disclosed fluidic power transmission apparatus may include a conduit having an internal volume for containing a fluid, a reciprocating input mechanism for alternating at least one of fluid flow or fluid pressure within the conduit, the reciprocating input mechanism being in fluid communication with the internal volume of the conduit, and a slave unit coupled to the conduit such that the slave unit is positioned to be driven by the alternating fluid flow or fluid pressure within the internal volume of the conduit. Various other methods and systems are also disclosed.

id-JP2022536269A    abstract-An energy storage system is provided. The system includes an energy storage device consisting of a pressure vessel configured to store pressurized fluid and one or more elastic elements, which are braided to form elastic elements. An energy storage device is configured with equipment, wherein the elastic elements are arranged in or around the pressure vessels, and the storage of pressurized fluid in the pressure vessels ACTS to expand or compress the elastic elements.
id-WO2021035477A1    abstract-An excavator (10) with a moveable boom (12), comprises a main electrical drive system (24) with an electrical power storage unit (26) and an electrical drive (28) configured to actuate movement of the boom (12) to raise and/or lower at least part of the boom (12), optionally with a pivoting movement; and a separate fluid-operated actuation system (32) for storing potential energy of at least part of the boom (12) during lowering thereof and for using the stored energy to support raising of at least part of the boom (12), wherein the auxiliary actuation system (32) is configured to store the energy and to support raising the part of the boom (12) completely autonomous without any interaction with the main electrical drive system (24).

id-WO2021025170A1    abstract-We provide excavators that utilize hydraulic oil that flows out of the boom cylinder during drilling. An excavator that increases the pressure of the rod side of the boom cylinder during drilling and supplies it to the arm cylinder, with the boom cylinder driving the boom, and the arm cylinder driving the arm.
id-WO2021057727A1    abstract-A regenerative control hydraulic system comprises at least one hydraulic pump, an actuator (7), a regenerative oil circuit (1) and a regenerative cut-off oil circuit (2). The regenerative oil circuit (1) is used to deliver the return oil as a regenerative oil to a negative pressure chamber of the actuator (7). The return oil is the working oil discharged from the actuator. The regenerative oil circuit (1) is provided with a regenerative valve (11) and a first control valve (12). The first control valve (12) is used to control the re-generated oil into the negative pressure chamber of the actuator when the working device is retracted; Alternatively, when the working device is swinging outside, the oil is drained from the actuator (7) to the regenerative cut-off oil circuit (2), and the regenerative cut-off oil circuit (2) will send the regenerative oil or the actuator drainage through the regenerative valve (11) to other destinations, and the regenerative cut-off oil circuit (2) is provided with a regenerative cut-off valve (21). The regenerative control hydraulic system solves the technical problems of complex control structure, low adjustability and slow response of regenerative control hydraulic system in the prior art.
id-JP2021071170A    abstract-A regenerative device that can inhibit the excessive increase or decrease of the regenerative flow during regeneration is provided. [solution] The regenerative device controls the flow of the working fluid discharged from one port of the cylinder; An discharge valve capable of controlling the flow of the actuated fluid to the tank. The regenerative valve controls the flow of the actuated fluid independently of the discharge valve. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-EP3822492A1    abstract-A hydraulic circuit having a function of compensation and energy recovery comprises a distribution module, a three-way compensated regulator device, a variable flow rate or pressure feeding assembly, an energy recovery device connected to the three-way compensated regulator device. The distribution module comprises a spool including an inlet recess and a drain recess configured so that the flow rate of fluid inlet to the utility is equal to or less than the one outlet therefrom, possibly net of a correction factor. There is also a respective first driving channel and a second driving channel configured so that a pressure taken upstream of the drain recess acts on a first side of the regulator device, and so that a pressure taken downstream of the drain recess in the first channel acts on a second side of the regulator device, and an additional force.

id-US20220397133A1    abstract-This disclosure relates to a hydraulic system for a hydro-mechanical machine comprising a rotary mechanism and a boom cylinder The hydraulic system includes a primary accumulator configured to receive and store high-pressure fluid in response to starting and stopping of the rotary mechanism. A control system configured to enable passage of the high-pressure fluid stored in the primary accumulator to a rotary control valve configured to control the rotary mechanism, and a boom control valve configured to control the boom cylinder through the hydraulic supply circuit, based on a predefined pressure threshold associated with the primary accumulator. A secondary accumulator coupled to the primary accumulator and the control system via the hydraulic supply circuit is configured to store surplus high-pressure fluid provided by the primary accumulator through the hydraulic supply circuit.

id-WO2021093301A1    abstract-An energy recovery and utilization device comprises a three-position seven-way directional valve (7), a double-oil source coupler (8) and an accumulator (6); The three-position seven-way directional valve (7) comprises a median, an energy release and an energy recovery, and is provided with an oil inlet, an oil return, two groups of working oil ports and three groups of energy-saving oil ports. The oil inlet, the oil return port and two groups of working oil ports are respectively connected to two oil ports of the boom cylinder (2) and the oil inlet and outlet of the hydraulic system, and one group of energy-saving oil ports is connected to the accumulator (6). The other two sets of energy-saving oil ports are connected to the double oil source coupler (8), and the double oil source coupler (8) is connected to one of the oil ports of the boom cylinder (2) in parallel. The energy recovery and utilization device changes the oil path of the boom cylinder (2) of the external powerful device through the three-position seven-way directional valve (7). Through the regenerative energy recovery mode of the two oil cavities of the boom cylinder (2), the potential energy of the external potential device is efficiently recovered, and the reliability of the device is guaranteed.
