id-US9938691B2    abstract-Delivery ports of a closed circuit hydraulic pump are connected to a head-side chamber and a rod-side chamber of an arm/boom cylinder. A switching valve is arranged between the head-side chamber and a delivery port of an open circuit hydraulic pump. A proportional control valve is arranged between the head-side chamber and a hydraulic fluid tank. At times of cylinder extension, both of the closed and open circuit hydraulic pumps and the switching valve are controlled so that the delivery flows from the closed and open circuit hydraulic pumps are sent to the head-side chamber. At times of cylinder retraction, the closed circuit hydraulic pump and the proportional control valve are controlled so that part of an outward flow from the head-side chamber is returned to the closed circuit hydraulic pump and other part of the outward flow is returned to the hydraulic fluid tank.

id-US10024341B2    abstract-A hybrid swing drive system ( 1 ) of a hydraulic construction machine includes a variable displacement hydraulic swing pump ( 3 ) operable by a prime mover ( 2 ); a hydraulic swing motor ( 16 ) for performing a swing function of the machine; an accumulator ( 10 ); a controller ( 244 ); a swing control valve assembly ( 15 ) disposed in a first hydraulic path extending from the swing pump to the swing motor, the swing control valve assembly having a first position fluidly connecting the swing pump to a first side of the swing motor and a second position fluidly connecting the swing pump to a second side of the swing motor; and an accumulator control valve ( 12 ) having an open position fluidly connecting the accumulator to the first hydraulic path at an accumulator control valve connection point and a closed position fluidly isolating the accumulator from the first hydraulic path.

id-US9593467B2    abstract-An inexpensive engine assist device capable of performing stable energy regeneration from an accumulator and a working machine on which the engine assist device is mounted are provided. A variable capacity type main pump and a variable capacity type assist pump are directly connected to an engine. A return pressure oil flowing out from a fluid pressure actuator is temporarily accumulated by a sub-accumulator and is supplied to an inlet of the assist pump, and the assist pump pressurizes the return fluid pressure oil and supplies the return fluid pressure oil to a main accumulator. A controller calculates and controls an assist pump swash plate angle, and assist starting torque or charge starting torque, and introduces a pressure-accumulated fluid discharged from the main accumulator to the inlet of the assist pump or introduces a pressurized fluid discharged from an outlet of the assist pump into the main accumulator.

id-EP2947332B1    abstract-

id-WO2014119569A1    abstract-Even if the liquid pressure cylinder is under high load and the pressure oil exceeding the maximum working pressure of the pressure oil recovery device is leaked from the liquid pressure cylinder, unnecessary excessive rotation of the pressure oil recovery device can be prevented and good operability can be ensured. Provides a nergi recovery device. In the pressure oil energy recovery device of the working machine, the recovery pipe connecting the liquid pressure cylinder and the hydraulic motor, the recovery control valve which can adjust the opening area of the recovery pipe, and the pressure transmission of the oil chamber connected to the recovery pipe of the liquid pressure cylinder The pressure detection unit that detects the number, the operation amount detection unit that detects the operation amount of the operation unit, and the pressure detection value detected by the pressure detection unit The operation amount detected by the operation amount detection unit and the operation amount of the operation part are taken in, and when the pressure detection value exceeds the maximum working pressure of the hydraulic motor, the operation amount detected by the operation amount detection unit is used to control the opening area of the recovery control valve according to the instruction output. It was equipped with the imperial apparatus.
id-US20140208728A1    abstract-A hydraulic control system includes a swing control valve between a pump and a swing motor to control flow to/from the swing motor, and a selector valve between an accumulator and the swing motor to regulate fluid flow. A controller is configured to receive inputs indicative of the pressure differential between the accumulator and conduit between the pump and swing motor, and a swing motor command, calculate a target swing motor flow based on the swing motor command input, and modulate operation of the swing control valve and the selector valve to regulate a swing speed.

id-US20140202545A1    abstract-A de-aeration hydraulic circuit having application in a hydromechanical transmissions utilizes a hydraulic fluid reservoir to de-aerate hydraulic fluid. The circuit includes a high pressure side and a low pressure side having a bleed down valve therebetween, the opening of the bleed down valve causing fluid to flow from the high pressure side to the low pressure side and through a valve to the hydraulic fluid reservoir where the pressure drop causes gas that is entrained in the fluid to bubble out and vent from the atmospheric reservoir.

id-WO2014121910A1    abstract-Hydraulic multi-consumption systems use efficient hydraulic systems that are comprehensive hydroelectric power platforms (7) to provide a flow of hydraulic medium to at least two consumers (4.5). There are other inventions that propose to build a water consumption system without more sensors, and further reduce energy consumption and loss. The problem is that at least the hydraulic buffer (27) is designed, the buffer buffer is hydraulically connected to at least one reverse belt, and at least the reverse belt means of conveying the hydraulic buffer to the buffer.
id-US20140223893A1    abstract-A system includes a pilot pump with an output that may be directed to a pilot circuit by way of a selector valve. The selector valve is shifted between a first position providing communication between the pump and the pilot circuit to a second position providing communication between the pilot pump and the hybrid circuit when pressure in the pilot circuit reaches a predetermined level. That pressure is used to hydraulically shift the selector valve to redirect flow from the pilot pump to the hybrid circuit. Both the pilot circuit and the hybrid circuit include accumulators for storing pressurized hydraulic fluid. The fluid stored in the pilot circuit is used for pilot functionality while the fluid stored in the hybrid circuit is used to power any one or more of a variety of power consuming components.

id-US9352743B2    abstract-A hydraulic hybrid system for implementation in a machine. The system includes a hydraulic system, an energy source, an output, and a transmission. The hydraulic system includes a primary hydraulic pump/motor (primary motor) that is hydraulically coupled to a reservoir and a variable-volume accumulator assembly. The primary motor is configured to charge an accumulator of the variable-volume accumulator assembly with a working fluid when mechanically driven. The storage volume of variable-volume accumulator assembly varies based on a kinetic output condition of the machine. The energy source is configured to produce primary kinetic energy. The output is configured to receive at least a first portion of the primary kinetic energy. The transmission is coupled between the energy source and the output and selectively coupled to the primary motor. The transmission is configured to mechanically drive the primary motor using a second portion of the primary kinetic energy.

id-EP2778113B1    abstract-

id-EP2971795B1    abstract-

id-US9618018B2    abstract-The present disclosure relates to a hydraulic system for construction equipment, and more particularly, to a hydraulic system, in which an actuator is controlled by a pump/motor. The hydraulic system for construction equipment according to the present disclosure includes logic valves in first and second hydraulic lines provided to an actuator, respectively, and when it is desired to operate the actuator in a state where an operation of the actuator is stopped by closing the logic valves, a pressure difference may be resolved by increasing pressure in sections of a pump/motor and the logic valves in advance even if a load is applied to the actuator, and thus the actuator may implement a desired operation without being affected by the load. That is, it is possible to improve operation controllability of the actuator.

id-US20160047397A1    abstract-An example embodiment includes a hydraulic hybrid system. The hydraulic hybrid system includes a hydraulic system, an energy source configured to produce primary kinetic energy, an output configured to receive at least a first portion of the primary kinetic energy, and a transmission coupled between the energy source and the output and selectively coupled to the hydraulic system. The hydraulic system includes a reservoir, a sequenced accumulator assembly, and a hydraulic pump/motor that is hydraulically coupled to the reservoir and the sequenced accumulator assembly and configured to charge the sequenced accumulator assembly when mechanically driven. The sequenced accumulator assembly includes two or more accumulators, one or more sequence valves, and one or more check valves. The sequenced accumulator assembly is configured to store varying amounts of potential hydraulic energy by introducing and removing one or more of the accumulators from operation.

id-US20160030887A1    abstract-An energy recovery apparatus which is used in a seawater desalination system includes a cylindrical chamber (CH) being installed such that a longitudinal direction of the chamber is placed in a vertical direction, a concentrated seawater port (P 1 ) for supplying and discharging the concentrated seawater, a seawater port (P 2 ) for supplying and discharging the seawater, a flow resistor ( 23 ) provided at a concentrated seawater port (P 1 ) side in the chamber (CH), and a flow resistor ( 23 ) provided at a seawater port (P 2 ) side in the chamber (CH). The flow resistor ( 23 ) provided at the concentrated seawater port (P 1 ) side and the flow resistor ( 23 ) provided at the seawater port (P 2 ) side comprise at least one perforated circular plate, and the perforated circular plate has holes formed at an outer circumferential area outside a predetermined diameter of the circular plate.

id-EP3006745B1    abstract-

id-US20140325972A1    abstract-A hydraulic system includes a hydraulic actuator, an accumulator, an accumulator charge valve, and a hydraulic transformer fluidly connected between the accumulator charge valve and the accumulator. The hydraulic transformer includes a transformer motor mechanically coupled to a transformer pump. The accumulator charge valve is fluidly connected between the transformer motor and the hydraulic actuator. The transformer pump is sized to permit a maximum flow therethrough of no more than three-quarters of a flow permitted through the transformer motor.

id-US20160091000A1    abstract-Device ( 100 ) for the storage and production of electric power includes:         at least one energy source, preferably a source ( 400 ) of renewable energy;   at least one pump ( 200 ), supplied by the energy source ( 400 ), adapted to compress the air inside a storage tank ( 6 ) of compressed air so that to feed it to at least one primary pneumatic actuator ( 1 ) connected to at least one secondary pneumatic actuator ( 1   a ), preferably connected to a plurality of secondary pneumatic actuators ( 1   a,    1   b,    1   c ), via pressurized pipings ( 3  and  4 ) and electrovalves ( 150  and  298 );   at least one transmission assembly ( 21 ) adapted to transform the reciprocating rotary motion of the pneumatic actuators ( 1, 1   a,    1   b,    1   c ) in a constant rotary motion;   at least one electric generator connected to the transmission assembly ( 21 ) adapted to produce electric power when necessary.

id-JP2014228033A    abstract-[problem] a regenerative circuit that regenerates the surplus energy of a hydraulic motor. It is equipped with a regenerative circuit and a regenerative circuit of a hydraulic motor that can resupply a pressure oil lower than the pressure of the return oil to the hydraulic motor when it recovers the return oil of the hydraulic motor. Provides a method of controlling the regenerative circuit of construction machinery or hydraulic motors. [solution] a recovery oil path 11a is used to recover the return oil of the hydraulic motor MTR, a recovery system 11 is used to recover the energy of the recovered return oil, and a resupply oil path 11b is used to resupply the pressure oil from the recovery system 11 to the hydraulic motor MTR. The pressurized oil inflow unit that converts the pressure energy of the returned oil recovered through the recovery oil path 11a into mechanical energy, and the pressurized oil outflow that flows the pressure oil with a pressure lower than the return oil to the resupply oil path 11b during the conversion to mechanical energy. It is characterized by having a section and a regeneration section that stores the transformed mechanical energy. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2014180189A1    abstract-The utility model relates to an energy saving control system, an excavator and a method, belonging to the field of mechanical control. The energy saving control system comprises a regulator (1), a main pump (2) and a main valve (3). The main valve (3) is provided with a central oil passage (4), the central oil passage (4) is provided with an inlet and an outlet, and the inlet of the regulator (1), the main pump (2) and the central oil passage (4) are successively connected. The main valve (3) is provided with a pilot pressure sensor (5), and the outlet of the central oil passage (4) is also provided with a solenoid proportional valve (6), and the pilot pressure sensor (5) and the electromagnetic proportional valve (6) are connected with the controller (7). The energy saving control method includes setting the estimated oil return Q0 of the central oil passage (4); Calculate the actual oil return Q of the main valve center oil passage (4); If Q > Q0, the controller (7) controls the opening of the electromagnetic proportional valve (6) to reduce the oil return of the central oil passage (4). By controlling the electromagnetic proportional valve (6) to adjust the oil return of the central oil passage (4), the working efficiency of the machine is improved, the fuel consumption is reduced, and the response is high.
id-US20140338319A1    abstract-A hydraulic hybrid safety system is provided. The hydraulic hybrid safety system is part of a hydraulic hybrid system that has an over-center bent-axis rotary pump/motor with a yoke, the yoke having a zero yoke angle and a plurality of non-zero yoke angles. The safety system includes a spring that is operable to move the yoke to the zero yoke angle when the hydraulic hybrid system loses electrical power.

id-EP3003756B1    abstract-

id-EP2818446A1    abstract-A hydraulic drive device (16) for cargo handling vehicle has: a tank (19); a pump (17) for drawing in a hydraulic oil from the tank and supplying the hydraulic oil to hydraulic cylinders; an electric motor (18) for driving the pump; a solenoid-controlled proportional valve (48) disposed between an inlet port of the pump and a bottom chamber of an up-and-down hydraulic cylinder (4) and configured to open with a valve travel depending upon a control input of a descent control of an up-and-down control member; a pressure compensation valve (50) disposed between a branch portion located between the pump and the solenoid-controlled proportional valve and the tank and configured to open with a valve travel depending upon a pressure difference between pressures upstream and downstream of the solenoid-controlled proportional valve; and a valve (53) disposed between the pressure compensation valve and the tank and configured to be switched between an open position and a close position.

id-EP3026272B1    abstract-

id-JP6232795B2    abstract-

id-US20150059568A1    abstract-A hydraulic circuit for controlling a component of a hydraulic machine includes an actuator having a head end chamber and a rod end chamber, the actuator having an extended position for moving the component in a first direction and a retracted position for moving the component in a second direction. The hydraulic circuit includes a regeneration valve having an open position for fluidly connecting the head end chamber to the rod end chamber, a first control valve having a first open position, a second open position for fluidly connecting the regeneration valve to the return tank and substantially fluidly the rod end chamber from the fluid source, and a closed position, and a second control disconnecting valve having a first open position, a second open position, and a closed position for substantially fluidly disconnecting the rod end chamber from the fluid source.

id-US20160153473A1    abstract-A shovel includes a main pump, a hydraulic actuator, and an accumulator part. The hydraulic actuator is configured to be driven with hydraulic oil discharged by the main pump. The accumulator part is configured to store the hydraulic oil discharged from the hydraulic actuator and discharge the hydraulic oil to the intake side of the main pump.

id-WO2015023725A1    abstract-A hydraulic system (50) for a machine (10) is disclosed. The system includes an actuator configured to move a portion of the machine (10), a pump (58) configured to supply pressurized fluid to the actuator, an accumulator (108) fluidly coupled to the actuator, a valve (142) arrangement configured to selectively direct the fluid discharged from the actuator to the accumulator (108) for storage and to selectively direct the stored fluid from the accumulator (108) to the actuator, and a controller (100). The controller (100) is configured to determine an accumulator (108) pressure, an actuator pressure, and an operational parameter associated with an implement system (14). Further, the controller (100) is configured to determine an accumulator (108) control mode. The controller (100) determines an accumulator (108) pressure leakage rate when the accumulator (108) control mode is neutral.

id-US20150059325A1    abstract-A hydraulic system is disclosed. The hydraulic system includes a first actuator fluidly coupled to a first rotating group in a first closed-loop circuit, a flow control module fluidly coupled to the first closed-loop circuit via a first conduit, a second actuator fluidly coupled to the flow control module via a second conduit, a second rotating group in selective fluid communication with the first conduit and the second conduit via the flow control module, and a controller operatively coupled to the flow control module. The controller is configured to operate the flow control module in a first mode and a second mode. The first mode effects fluid communication between the second rotating group and the first closed-loop circuit via the first conduit, and blocks fluid communication between the second rotating group and the second actuator via the second conduit.

id-US20160237648A1    abstract-A control system for hybrid construction machine includes a regeneration motor configured to be rotated by working fluid introduced from a turning circuit, a pressure detector configured to detect a turning pressure during a turning operation of the turning motor or a braking pressure during a braking operation of the turning motor, a switching valve for turning regeneration configured to perform turning regeneration by introducing the working fluid from the turning circuit to the regeneration motor when being switched to an open position by a pressure of pilot fluid, an electromagnetic proportional pressure reducing valve configured to be switched to an open position and generate a pilot secondary pressure for switching the switching valve for turning regeneration to the open position when a pressure detected by the pressure detector reaches a first set pressure, and a pilot switching valve configured to allow the passage of the pilot fluid for switching the switching valve for turning regeneration to the open position by being switched to an open position when the pressure of the turning circuit reaches a second set pressure.

id-US9315968B2    abstract-A hydraulic control system for a machine is disclosed. The hydraulic control system includes a pump configured to pressurize a fluid, and a swing motor selectively driven by pressurized fluid from the pump. The swing motor is configured to move a part of the machine. The hydraulic control system also includes a controller in communication with the pump. The controller is configured to receive an input indicative of a difference between a desired speed and an actual speed of the swing motor, and determine if the swing motor is accelerating, decelerating, or operating at neutral mode. The controller is configured to determine an amount of return fluid from an actuator of the machine that is available as makeup fluid for the swing motor if the swing motor is operating at neutral mode. The controller is configured to control the pump based on at least the amount of return fluid.

id-WO2015032236A1    abstract-Disclosed is a front lifting potential energy recovery and utilization system and a front lifting. The front lifting potential energy recovery and utilization system comprises a frame body (1), a basic section (2) of a boom hinged with a frame body (1), and an elastic device between a frame body (1) and a basic section (2) of a boom. The front lifting potential energy recovery and utilization system can recover and utilize the front lifting gravity potential energy, and the structure is simple, and the performance and working life of the hydraulic system are improved.
id-WO2015036005A1    abstract-The hydraulic energy converter (4) can be connected to a hydraulic system. The converter (4) comprises a manifold device (1) for controlling hydraulic fluid flow, a controller (3) for controlling the manifold device (1), and at least one accumulator (2) connected to the manifold device (1), for storing hydraulic energy supplied by the hydraulic system via the manifold device (1).

id-JP2015061380A    abstract-[problem] when an abnormality occurs, such as an abnormal rise in the main circuit voltage of the power converter part, we provide a hydraulic device that can suppress the increase in the main circuit voltage with a simple configuration. The solution is driven by the hydraulic motor 5 that should be returned to the oil tank 7, the generator 6 driven by the hydraulic motor 5, the power conversion part 20 that converts the power generated by the generator 6, and the power converted by the power conversion part 20. The assist motor 8 is moved and the controller 30 controls the generator 6 and the assist motor 8. When the main circuit voltage judgment part 31a, which determines whether the main circuit voltage of the power conversion part 20 exceeds the judgment value, and the main circuit voltage judgment part 31a, which determines whether the main circuit voltage of the power conversion part 20 exceeds the judgment value, the controller 30 above applies to the generator 6. A field current control unit 31b is provided for controlling the field current of generator 6 to flow weakening field current. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20160250595A1    abstract-An energy recovery device is provided in a seawater desalination system for desalinating seawater by removing salinity from the seawater. A pressure exchange chamber for pressurizing seawater by a pressure of concentrated seawater discharged from a reverse-osmosis membrane-separation apparatus includes a first supply and discharge port connected to a switching valve for performing supply and discharge of liquid, a second supply and discharge port connected to a directional control valve for performing supply and discharge of liquid, a flow resistor provided at the first supply and discharge port side in the chamber and configured to regulate the flow, and a flow resistor provided at the second supply and discharge port side in the chamber and configured to regulate the flow, and a flowmeter provided between the two flow resistors and configured to measure a flow rate of the liquid in the chamber.

id-JP6112559B2    abstract-

id-JP2015090193A    abstract-[problem] we provide a fluid pressure circuit that can solve the problem that the fluid pressure cylinder decreases speed when the accumulator pressure increases without changing the circuit that deteriorates operability and enables efficient reuse of energy. The main pump 12, 13 and the main pump 12 driven by engine 11 Push out from one room 7ch of the boom cylinder 7c1 and one room 7ch of the boom cylinder 7c1, with piston 7cp operated by the hydraulic oil supplied from 13, and boom cylinder 7c1 having one room 7ch and another room 7cr compartmented by the piston 7cp. Fluid pressure circuit is composed of accumulator 61 and assist pump motor 15, which absorbs hydraulic oil from accumulator 61 when accumulator 61 accumulates pressure and accumulator pressure increases. Selection diagram: figure 1
