id-WO2015108817A1    abstract-A hydraulic system and methods for conserving energy in such system is disclosed. The hydraulic system includes a hydraulic actuator having a head end, a rod end and a piston disposed therebetween. The system also includes a pump that pumps fluid to the actuator, a first valve disposed downstream of the rod end, and a second valve disposed between the pump and the head end of the actuator. When the system is in a load overrunning condition, the second valve is partially closed to restrict the flow of a combined fluid. The combined fluid including fluid received from the pump and fluid received from the rod end of the actuator. When the system is in the light resistive load condition, the second valve is open to allow the combined fluid to flow through the second valve.

id-EP3101285A4    abstract-

id-US20160312442A1    abstract-A control system of a hybrid construction machine includes a regeneration passage switching valve having a normal position where flow of working fluid is blocked, and a regeneration position allowing for the working fluid to flow from main passages to a regeneration motor when a working fluid pressure of the main passages reaches a set pressure during operation of the actuators, and an assist switching valve having a normal position proportionally dividing the working fluid of an assist passage into a regeneration passages, a first switching position supplying more working fluid of the assist passage to one of the main passages when that the one has a higher working fluid pressure, and a second switching position supplying more working fluid of the assist passage to the other one of the main passages when that the other one has a higher working fluid pressure.

id-US9394670B2    abstract-Provided is a construction machine comprising an energy recovery device for recovering hydraulic fluid energy from a hydraulic actuator and being capable of achieving excellent operability even when the power of the prime mover is changed. The construction machine comprises an engine  1 , a hydraulic pump  2 , a plurality of hydraulic actuators  31 - 34 , a plurality of control valves  41 - 44 , a plurality of operating devices  71 - 74 , an energy recovery device  80 , an operation mode selector switch  76 , an engine revolution speed dial  77 , a pressure sensor  75 , and a controller  90  which controls the flow rate of hydraulic fluid recovered by the energy recovery device based on input signals from the operation mode selector switch, the engine revolution speed dial and the pressure sensor.

id-US10047768B2    abstract-A double-loop control system with a single hydraulic motor relates to a technical field of hydraulic transmission control, including a hydraulic motor ( 1 ), a positive control loop ( 2 ), a negative control loop ( 3 ), a hydraulic pump ( 4 ), an accumulator ( 5 ), and an oil tank, wherein the hydraulic motor ( 1 ) adopts a unique thrust structure with four inlet/outlet ports; the positive control loop ( 2 ) and the negative control loop ( 3 ) independently control the hydraulic motor ( 1 ), wherein the positive control loop ( 2 ) and the negative control loop ( 3 ) drive together or only one drives; or braking kinetic energy and potential energy of loads are stored in the accumulator ( 5 ) for energy recovery. The present invention uses only one hydraulic motor for satisfying different work conditions and different load driving requirements with advantages such as simple structure, high system reliability and high energy efficiency.

id-EP3106677B1    abstract-

id-EP3102834B1    abstract-

id-US20150247513A1    abstract-A hydraulic system is disclosed for assisting starting of a machine having an engine. The hydraulic system may include a work tool, a pump driven by the engine to pressurize fluid, and an actuator configured to receive pressurized fluid from the pump and move the work tool. The hydraulic system may also include an accumulator configured to selectively receive pressurized fluid from the pump and from the actuator, an electric starter configured to start the engine, and a motor selectively supplied with fluid from the accumulator to assist the electric starter in starting the engine.

id-US20150219126A1    abstract-There is provided a multi-function hydraulic hybrid swing circuit including a fluid source, swing circuit and swing supply circuit. The swing supply circuit includes at least one accumulator and a pump/motor operatively connected to a power source. The pump/motor is fluidly connected to the swing circuit, the accumulator, and the fluid source. The pump/motor is configured to provide both closed loop and open loop operation with the swing circuit.

id-US20150267725A1    abstract-An engine system utilizing a hydraulic pressure includes an engine, a hydraulic system having at least one hydraulic pump discharging a hydraulic oil for operating an actuator and a hydraulic oil tank storing the hydraulic oil returned from the actuator, a hydraulic power transmission device connected to a hydraulic line between the hydraulic pump and the hydraulic oil tank and configured to transmit a hydraulic pressure of the hydraulic oil as a driving source, and a vehicular auxiliary device driven by using the hydraulic pressure transmitted from the hydraulic power transmission device as the driving source.

id-JP2015172428A    abstract-[problem] it is possible to regenerate surplus hydraulic energy even when actuators other than the boom cylinder and rotating motor are being operated. The control system 100 of the hybrid construction machine keeps the working fluid pressure of the circuit system S1, S2 and the main channel 6 and 18 below the main relief pressure with operating valves 1 ~ 5 and 14 ~ 17 for feeding the working fluid to the actuator. The main relief valve 8, 19 and the main pump MP1, MP2 of the main channel 6, 18 and the operating valve 1 ~ 5, 14 ~ 17 branch of the regenerative channel 55, 56 and the working fluid guided by the regenerative channel 55, 56 rotate When the working fluid pressure of regeneration motor M for regeneration and regeneration channel switching valves 57 and 58 that can open and close regeneration channel 55 and 56 and main channel 6 and 18 reach the set pressure lower than the main relief pressure, switch regeneration channel switching valves 57 and 58 to the open position Has controller C for control. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-EP3128187A1    abstract-A controller 8 sets a target flow rate of a regenerative hydraulic motor 71 at zero or a low flow rate within an extent in which hydraulic pressure in a regeneration hydraulic line 16 does not become negative pressure when a detected pressure PS detected by a pressure sensor 18 is lower than a first set value P1 previously set by overload relief valves 10 and 12, sets the target flow rate of the regenerative hydraulic motor at a value corresponding to the detected pressure when the detected pressure is higher than or equal to the first set value, and controls the revolution speed of a generator/motor 72 in such a manner that a flow rate through the regenerative hydraulic motor equals the target flow rate. With such features, excellent operability equivalent to that in the conventional technology can be secured.

id-EP3126199B1    abstract-

id-US10280593B2    abstract-Provided is a hydraulic fluid energy regeneration device for a work machine, including: a regeneration hydraulic motor driven by discharged return hydraulic fluid; a first hydraulic pump mechanically connected to the regeneration hydraulic motor; a second hydraulic pump that delivers an hydraulic fluid for driving a first hydraulic actuator and/or a second hydraulic actuator; a junction line that allows the hydraulic fluid delivered by the second hydraulic pump to be joined; a second regulator that regulates the delivery flow rate of the second hydraulic pump; and a first regulator that regulates the flow rate of the hydraulic fluid coming from the first hydraulic pump and flowing through the junction line. A control unit includes: a first computing part that calculates a demanded pump flow rate in accordance with the input target replacement command for the second hydraulic pump, the first computing part further outputting a control command to the first regulator in such a manner that the flow rate of the hydraulic fluid coming from the first hydraulic pump and flowing through the junction line equals to or lower than the demanded pump flow rate; and a second computing part that subtracts from the demanded pump flow rate the flow rate of the hydraulic fluid coming from the first hydraulic pump to obtain a target pump flow rate, the second computing part further outputting a control command to the second regulator in such a manner that the calculated target pump flow rate is attained.

id-JP6629189B2    abstract-

id-EP2963191B1    abstract-

id-US10519990B2    abstract-The hydraulic apparatus is set so that the ratio of the pressure-receiving area of the respective bottom oil chambers of the boom cylinder, the arm cylinder and the bucket cylinder to the pressure-receiving area of the respective rod oil chambers matches the ratio of the extruded volume drawn into or discharged from the bottom oil chambers per single rotation by the respective extrusion members of the first hydraulic pump motor, the second hydraulic pump motor and the third hydraulic pump motor to the volume discharged from or drawn into the rod oil chambers.

id-US9797419B2    abstract-A hydraulic system for recovering hydraulic energy, the hydraulic system made of at least: a first actuator for generating hydraulic energy and providing fluid under pressure; a tank line for receiving the fluid under pressure drained from the first actuator; a second actuator driven by the fluid under pressure drained from the first actuator; a recovery line for supplying the fluid under pressure drained from the first actuator. The system further includes a pressure compensating valve which controls flow of fluid in the tank line and maintains a fluid pressure differential across a first directional control valve. The first pressure compensating valve is provided with a first fluid pressure sensing line in communication with the recovery line and a second fluid pressure sensing line in communication with the first actuator.

id-JP2016000647A    abstract-[issue] we provide a hydraulic drive device for a loading vehicle that can accelerate the descent speed of the lifting object under light load. The hydraulic drive device 16 has a hydraulic pipe 47 connecting the intake port 17a of the hydraulic pump motor 17 and the bottom chamber 4b of the lifting cylinder 4, and a hydraulic pipe 49 connecting the hydraulic pipe 47 and the tank 19. The hydraulic pipe 49 is equipped with a flow control valve 50 that controls the flow of hydraulic oil from the lifting cylinder 4 to tank 19. A pilot check valve 54 is arranged upstream of the flow control valve 50 in the hydraulic line 49, so that the hydraulic oil passes only in the direction of tank 19. The pilot check valve 54 and the downstream side of the flow control valve 50 in the hydraulic pipe 49 are connected via the pilot flow path 55. On the pilot flow path 55, the pilot electromagnetic switching valve 56 is arranged. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-JP6205339B2    abstract-

id-EP2980005A1    abstract-Relates to the invention of hydrostatisches secondary propulsion systems (1) A mobile Arbeitsmaschine especially Flurforderzeugs with the internal combustion engine (46) and a Fahrantrieb(5) with the invention of the internal combustion engine (46) and a with the invention of the internal combustion engine (46) Rbeitshydraulikuliksystem (2), while this Arbeitshydraulikuliksystem (2) has at least one internal combustion engine (46), Hydraulikpumpe(45). The oil pump (1) has a hydraulic dining room (100) and a hydraulic guide system (3), and is equipped with at least one medium pressure bin (80). The built-in pressure Chinese storage (80) is designed to provide food (100) and hydraulic transport system (3). Pressure of hydraulic system (1).
id-US10288094B2    abstract-A hydrostatic drive includes a diesel engine and a hydrostatic adjustable machine which supplies multiple consumers in normal operation as a pump. The machine has a pressure/flow regulator to which is communicated, according to the load-sensing principle, the highest load pressure of the consumers, in particular when the machine is operated as a pump. In order to realize a start/stop function of the diesel engine, a previously charged high-pressure reservoir supplies the hydrostatic machine, which then acts as a starter motor for the diesel engine. In order to switch from pump to starter motor, the hydro-machine is adjusted over zero. In order for this switch to take place quickly and reliably, the pressure/flow regulator is deactivated by means of a switching valve and the adjustment device is supplied with an adjustment pressure medium via the switching valve, which medium is taken from the high-pressure reservoir or from an auxiliary reservoir.

id-US9441644B2    abstract-Hydraulic actuation systems having variable displacements and energy recovery capabilities include cylinders with pistons disposed inside of barrels. When operating in energy consuming modes, high speed valves pressurize extension chambers or retraction chambers to provide enough force to meet or counteract an opposite load force. When operating in energy recovery modes, high speed valves return a working fluid from extension chambers or retraction chambers, which are pressurized by a load, to an accumulator for later use.

id-US9494168B2    abstract-Hydraulic actuation systems having concentric chambers, variable displacements and energy recovery capabilities include cylinders with pistons disposed inside of barrels. When operating in energy consuming modes, high speed valves pressurize extension chambers or retraction chambers to provide enough force to meet or counteract an opposite load force. When operating in energy recovery modes, high speed valves return a working fluid from extension chambers or retraction chambers, which are pressurized by a load, to an accumulator for later use.

id-US10273657B2    abstract-A variable-speed volume-control direct-drive all-electric hydraulic excavator drive and energy recover system the control drive circuit of which includes the A, B, C energy source, boom cylinder control valve group, arm cylinder control valve group, bucket control valve, swing control valve, swing motor control valve group, left travel control valve, right travel control valve, eight 2-position 2-way valve, I and II 2-position 3-way valve, I and II accumulator. The drive control circuit adopts open control independent-cavity variable-speed pump-control volume direct-drive circuit. Each of the cavities of cylinder is controlled by an energy source and the pressure and flow rate of the cavities are adjusted by the rotational speed and torque control of the generator independently. The present invention is four-quadrant running and have advantages of high efficiency, high integrity, low consumption, redundancy energy source, no need for pilot supply, low noise, integrate recovery of kinetic and potential energy.

id-EP3201474B1    abstract-

id-EP3196367A1    abstract-Disclosed is a hydraulic circuit for construction equipment for controlling to selectively supply a hydraulic oil from a hydraulic pump to a hydraulic cylinder for driving a boom. The hydraulic circuit for construction equipment, according to the present invention, comprises: a hydraulic cylinder driven by a hydraulic oil of a hydraulic pump; a direction control valve installed on the oil passage between the hydraulic pump and the hydraulic cylinder; an operating device installed on the oil passage between a pilot pump and the direction control valve; a center by-pass switching valve installed at the most downstream side of a center by-pass passage of the hydraulic pump; a pressure detection sensor that detects the pressure of a hydraulic oil at the large chamber side of the hydraulic cylinder; a jack-up switching valve installed on the oil passage between the operating device and the center by-pass switching valve; and a flow control valve installed in the spool of the direction control valve.

id-WO2016043206A1    abstract-The excavator in accordance with the embodiment of the invention controls the flow of hydraulic oil between the main pump 14l supplying hydraulic oil to hydraulic actuators 1a, 2a and 8 and the main pump 14l and hydraulic actuators 1a, 2a and 8 respectively. The regenerated oil flows from the rod side oil chamber of arm cylinder 8 to the bottom side oil chamber through valve 171l ~ 175l, and the regenerated oil flows from the rod side oil chamber of arm cylinder 8 to the bottom side oil chamber through valve 63c. The confluence oil path 24, which can flow through multiple paths discharged by the hydraulic pump 14l before reaching the hydraulic oil tank T, and the oil path 25, which can connect the recycled oil path 63c and the confluence oil path 24.
id-US20160369821A1    abstract-Disclosed is a method and system that compresses ionized gas is stored in at least one containment cell. The compressed ionized gas is transferred from the at least on containment cell to an expansion chamber in which a piston is situated; The piston moves based in part on a reaction between ionized gas in the expansion chamber and an electrical charge of a surface of a head of the piston. The movement of the piston drives a drive shaft. Movement of the drive shaft is converted to electrical energy.

id-US20160083933A1    abstract-An articulated work vehicle with a regenerative hydraulic circuit may comprise a front chassis, a rear chassis, first and second hydraulic cylinders each with head and rod chambers and each pivotally connected to the front chassis and the rear chassis, and an articulation joint. The rod chamber of the second hydraulic cylinder may be hydraulically connected to the head chamber of the first hydraulic cylinder via a flow restrictor. The rod chamber of the second hydraulic cylinder may also be hydraulically connected to a hydraulic source via a check valve which is configured to allow hydraulic flow into the rod chamber of the second hydraulic cylinder. The articulation joint may pivotally connect the front chassis to the rear chassis. The articulation joint may be laterally positioned between the first hydraulic cylinder and the second hydraulic cylinder.

id-US10337538B2    abstract-A shovel includes a first pump  14 L; a second pump  14 R; a hydraulic swing motor  21 ; a pump/motor  14 A configured to generate an engine-assist torque in response to hydraulic oil from the hydraulic swing motor  21  during swing deceleration; an accumulator  80  configured to accumulate the hydraulic oil flowing out of the hydraulic swing motor  21  during swing deceleration; a regeneration valve  22 G configured to switch open/close of transfer from a discharge port  21 L to the pump/motor  14 A and the accumulator  80 ; and a controller configured to control the regeneration valve  22 G. During swing deceleration, the controller adjusts an open area of the regeneration valve  22 G in such a way that a swing flowing-out pressure becomes a swing braking target pressure, and causes the hydraulic oil flowing out of the hydraulic swing motor  21  to flow into the pump/motor  14 A and the accumulator  80  at the same pressure.

id-US10436229B2    abstract-Provided is a hydraulic drive system for a work machine configured with a single solenoid proportional valve for a regeneration circuit, wherein substantially the same actuator speed can be secured irrespective of whether or not hydraulic fluid discharged from a hydraulic actuator is regenerated for driving of another hydraulic actuator. The hydraulic drive system includes: a regeneration line that connects a bottom-side hydraulic chamber of a hydraulic cylinder  4  to a portion between a hydraulic pump device  50  and a second hydraulic actuator  8 , and a regeneration flow rate adjustment device that supplies, at an adjusted flow rate, at least part of the discharged hydraulic fluid to a portion between the hydraulic pump device  50  and the second hydraulic actuator; a discharge flow rate adjustment device that discharges, at an adjusted flow rate, the discharged hydraulic fluid to a tank; one electric drive device  22  that simultaneously controls the regeneration flow rate adjustment device and the discharge flow rate adjustment device; and a control unit  27  that outputs a control command to the electric drive device in such a manner that falling speed of a first driven body does not vary significantly, irrespective of the magnitude of the regeneration flow rate caused by the regeneration flow rate adjustment device.

id-US10294633B2    abstract-A bi-directional pump connected to a motor by a pair of supply/discharge lines; a regulator changes the bi-directional pump tilting angle; and a controller controls the regulator based on a turning signal outputted from a turning operation valve. At the turning acceleration, at which the signal increases, the controller calculates a motor flow rate passing through the motor and an instruction flow rate determined based on the turning signal. If the instruction flow rate is greater than a reference flow rate obtained by adding a predetermined value to the motor flow rate, the controller controls the regulator so the bi-directional pump tilting angle is adjusted to a tilting angle realizing the reference flow rate. If the instruction flow rate is not greater than the reference flow rate, the controller controls the regulator so the bi-directional pump tilting angle is adjusted to a tilting angle realizing the instruction flow rate.

id-US10227997B2    abstract-To provide a hydraulic drive system for a work machine capable of securing a favorable operability in the case where hydraulic fluid discharged from a hydraulic actuator is regenerated for driving other hydraulic actuator. The hydraulic drive system for a work machine includes: a regeneration line that connects a bottom-side hydraulic chamber of a hydraulic cylinder to a portion between a hydraulic pump and a second hydraulic actuator; a regeneration flow rate adjustment device that supplies at least part of the hydraulic fluid discharged from the bottom-side hydraulic chamber to a portion between the hydraulic pump and the second hydraulic actuator through the regeneration line; a differential pressure calculating section that reads a pressure in the bottom-side hydraulic chamber of the hydraulic cylinder detected by a first pressure sensor and a pressure between the hydraulic pump and the second hydraulic actuator detected by a second pressure sensor, and calculates a differential pressure, or a differential pressure sensor; and a control unit that controls the regeneration flow rate adjustment device such as to gradually increase the flow rate of the hydraulic fluid flowing through the regeneration line according to an increase in the differential pressure calculated by the differential pressure calculation section or in the differential pressure detected by the differential pressure sensor.

id-EP3203087B1    abstract-

id-US20150020511A1    abstract-A method to recover energy in a reversible hydraulic motor system during a motor reverse event is disclosed. A swashplate of a hydraulic motor is pivoted over a center position when the hydraulic motor rotates in a first direction and is due to receiving a pressurized fluid from a pump. Thereafter, by de-stroking the pump a pressurized fluid to the hydraulic motor is restricted. Then, a valve is moved to a charge position to store the pressurized fluid into an accumulator. Next, the stored pressurized fluid of the accumulator is discharged to the hydraulic motor as the hydraulic motor begins rotation in an opposite, second direction. Subsequently, the valve is moved to a block position to inhibit flow of the pressurized fluid into or out of the accumulator. By up-stroking the pump, a continuous rotation of the hydraulic motor in the opposite, second direction is maintained.

id-US20160123308A1    abstract-A gravitational energy system for generating gravity-driven hydraulic pressure for residential and commercial energy use is provided. The gravitational energy system may be a hydraulic fluid-filled circulatory system providing a storage tank, a mass-lifting tank, a hydraulic accumulator tank and at least one hydraulic motor positioned in a descending gravitational hierarchy, respectively. The hydraulic accumulator tank may pressurize a hydraulic fluid by a predetermined mass moving from a receiving position to a pressurizing position, wherein the predetermine mass is moved to the receiving position by being operably engaged with the mass-lifting tank. The gravitational energy system may include a control circuitry configured to control the flow of the hydraulic fluid through the circulatory system by operating electronically interconnected sensors and conduit valves.

id-US9702118B2    abstract-A hydraulic system is disclosed for use with a machine. The hydraulic system may have a pump configured to pressurize fluid, a first actuator configured to receive pressurized fluid from the pump, and an accumulator configured to receive fluid from the first actuator. The hydraulic system may also have a second actuator configured to receive pressurized fluid from the pump and the accumulator, and a pilot circuit configured to receive pressurized fluid from the pump and the accumulator. The hydraulic system may further have at least one valve movable to provide priority of fluid flow from the accumulator to the pilot circuit over the second actuator when a pressure of the accumulator is less than a low-pressure threshold.

id-EP3225855A4    abstract-

id-US20170314233A1    abstract-A control system of a hybrid construction machine includes fluid pressure pumps, a regeneration motor, a rotating electric motor coupled to the regeneration motor, a storage battery configured to store electric power generated by the rotating electric motor, an assist pump provided coaxially to the regeneration motor to be driven by the rotating electric motor, the assist pump being configured to supply a working fluid to a fluid pressure actuator, and load adjusting units configured to change a load of the assist pump in accordance with a state of the storage battery.

id-WO2016083340A1    abstract-Provided are a fluid pressure circuit and a work machine with simple structures being capable of securing a necessary pump flow rate even when working fluid is accumulated in an accumulator. A fluid pressure circuit includes: two boom cylinders 7c1, 7c2 which simultaneously start the same action by working fluid supplied under pressure from main pumps 12, 13; an accumulating circuit A which accumulates the working fluid in an accumulator 46, the working fluid being pushed out from a head side of the boom cylinder 7c1 through a control valve 61 which varies an amount of communication between the head side of the boom cylinder 7c1 and the accumulator 46 in accordance with an operation amount of a lever; and a regenerating circuit B which regenerates the working fluid pushed out from a head side of the boom cylinder 7c2 to the boom cylinders 7c1, 7c2 through a main control valve 62, the control valve 62 disconnecting the communication between the head sides of the boom cylinders 7c1, 7c2 and communicating the head side of the boom cylinder 7c2 and rod sides of the boom cylinders 7c1, 7c2 when the working fluid is accumulated in the accumulator 46.

