id-US8209975B2    abstract-A fluid system includes a controllable first pump unit for supplying fluid pressure to at least one implement; a prime mover arranged to supply a driving torque to the first pump The first pump unit is arranged to supply fluid pressure to the implement. The fluid system further includes a controllable second pump unit connected to a fluid accumulator. The prime mover is arranged to supply a driving torque to the second pump unit in order to accumulate fluid pressure in the accumulator during periods of low demand. Fluid pressure from the accumulator is arranged to drive the second pump unit to assist the prime mover during periods of high demand in order to supply an additional driving torque in excess of the available driving torque from the prime mover.

id-US8720196B2    abstract-Disclosed is a controller of a hybrid, construction machine wherein electric power is generated by utilizing the standby flow rate of first and second main pumps, and the standby flow rate is converted into energy. Pilot channels are connected to the upstream side of on/off valves which are closed when first and second main pumps ensure a standby flow rate, and a controller unit judges that the first and second main pumps are discharging at the standby low rate based on pressure signals from first and second pressure sensors, and brings first and second solenoid valves to an open position.

id-US7980073B2    abstract-A hybrid system for a machine is disclosed. The system has a pump configured to generate fluid flow within a hydraulic system and a first actuator actuated by fluid pressurized by the pump. The system also has a first motor configured to be selectively actuated by pressurized fluid directed from the first actuator by an external load and directed to the first motor by a first control valve. The system further has a first generator configured to be actuated by the first motor and a power source configured to actuate the pump. The system also has a powertrain including a first driveshaft and at least one traction device, the powertrain configured to transfer kinetic energy from the traction device to the first driveshaft during deceleration of the machine. The system further has a second generator configured to be selectively actuated by the kinetic energy transferred by the powertrain.

id-EP2330302B1    abstract-

id-US8739950B2    abstract-An auxiliary pump system for a hybrid powertrain includes a hydraulic accumulator, a hydraulic transformer, a plurality of control devices, a sump, and a plurality of fluid flow paths. The accumulator is charged by a high flow, high pressure hydraulic fluid by opening a first of the control devices and closing a second of the control devices. The accumulator is discharged by closing the first of the control devices and opening the second of the control devices. A high pressure, low flow hydraulic fluid is communicated from the accumulator to the hydraulic transformer. The hydraulic transformer converts the high pressure, low flow hydraulic fluid into a high flow, low pressure hydraulic fluid that is employed by systems within the hybrid powertrain.

id-WO2010026678A1    abstract-[problem] in order to recover the potential energy of the lifting and lowering work section and store it in the accumulator, we are trying to make it possible to store high pressure oil that can cope with high load work. [solution] in a pair of first and second boom cylinders 8 and 9 that raise and lower the working part 4, the pressure oil of the head side oil chamber of the first boom cylinder is freely opened and closed unloading oil path (oil path 19 on the first head side, first class quantity control valve 3 3. The head side discharge oil path 40, unloading valve 41) is equipped, and the unloading oil path is closed when the lifting and lowering of the working part is stopped and the lifting of the working part is stopped. The weight of the working part is maintained by the pressure of the head side oil chamber of the first and second boom cylinders, while the working part is lowered An accumulator that holds the weight of the working part by the pressure of the head side oil chamber of the second boom cylinder by opening the unloading oil path sometimes, and stores the discharge oil from the head side oil chamber of the second boom cylinder when the working part descends 5 He made 9.
id-JP2010060055A    abstract-[issue] in order to recover the potential energy of the lifting and lowering work parts and store the pressure in an accumulator, it is necessary to make it possible to store the pressure oil of high pressure that can cope with the heavy load work. To be able to use in the ta. [solution] in a pair of first and second boom cylinders 8 and 9 that raise and lower the working part 4, an unloading valve 41 is provided that can open and close freely and flow the pressure oil of the head side oil chamber 8a of the first boom cylinder 8 into the oil tank 12, and unload it when the working part 4 is lowered. By opening the drain valve 41, the weight of the working part 4 is maintained by the pressure of the head side oil chamber 9a of the second boom cylinder 9, and the pressure of the discharge oil from the head side oil chamber 9a of the second boom cylinder 9 is accumulated. The aggregator 59 is provided with a confluence path 16, which combines the pressurized oil of the accumulator 59 with the discharge line 15 of the main pump 10. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-US9021798B2    abstract-A method and a pressurized medium system, including: at least one actuator to generate sum forces effective on a load; a working chamber operating by displacement and located in the actuator; a charging circuit of a higher pressure, which is a source of hydraulic power; a charging circuit of a lower pressure, which is a source of hydraulic power; a control circuit, that couples the charging circuit of higher pressure and the charging circuit of lower pressure, in turn, to the working chamber; wherein the working chamber is capable of generating force components that correspond to the pressure of the charging circuit to be coupled to the working chamber, and each force component produces at least one of the sum forces either alone or in combination with the force components produced by the other working chambers of the actuator.

id-US8186154B2    abstract-A hydraulic circuit is provided having a hydraulic actuator and a flow control valve. The flow control valve has a pressure adjusting element fluidly coupled to the hydraulic actuator and situated to affect a pressure of fluid being directed to the hydraulic actuator. The flow control valve also has an energy directing element operatively coupled to the pressure adjusting element and situated to be driven by the pressure adjusting element when the pressure adjusting element is selectively throttling fluid being directed to the hydraulic actuator.

id-EP2351937B1    abstract-

id-US8744654B2    abstract-A method of controlling a hybrid working machine having a hydraulic pump driven with the output of an engine and the output of a motor generator includes calculating the input side power of the hydraulic pump and controlling the output of the motor generator based on the calculated power.

id-US20100122528A1    abstract-A hydraulic system for a machine is disclosed. The hydraulic system may have a pump, a tank, a first actuator with a head-end and a rod-end, and a first valve arrangement configured to control fluid flow from the pump to the first actuator and from the first actuator to the tank. The hydraulic system may also have a second actuator with a head-end and a rod-end, and a second valve arrangement configured to control fluid flow from the pump to the second actuator and from the second actuator to the tank. The hydraulic system may further have a third valve arrangement fluidly connected between the first and second valve arrangements to receive pressurized fluid from the pump in parallel with the first and second valve arrangements. The third valve arrangement may be configured to facilitate fluid regeneration of and supplemental flow to at least one of the first and second actuators.

