id-WO2013020282A1    abstract-A control method of a hydraulic system and a control method of a concrete pump truck are disclosed. The hydraulic system comprises a plurality of hydraulic pumps driven by a prime mover, each of which drives a corresponding actuator, and a plurality of hydraulic pumps comprises a first variable pump driving a first actuator. The control method includes: according to the set working speed of the first actuator and the maximum displacement of the first variable pump to determine the working speed of the prime mover; The current demand power of the first variable pump is determined according to the set working speed and current working pressure of the first actuator; The actual input power of the first variable pump is equal to the rated output power of the prime mover minus the actual input power of other hydraulic pumps; When the current demand power of the first variable pump is greater than the actual input power, the displacement of the first variable pump is reduced, so that the current demand power of the first variable pump is equal to the actual input power; When the current demand power of the first variable pump is less than or equal to the actual input power, and the current working speed of the first actuator is equal to the set working speed, the current displacement of the first variable pump is maintained. The control method of the hydraulic system and the control method of the concrete pump truck have the advantages of improving the work efficiency, increasing the load rate of the prime mover, and saving energy and reducing consumption.
id-US9574329B2    abstract-A shovel includes a plurality of hydraulic actuators including a first hydraulic actuator and a second hydraulic actuator, a main pump, a hydraulic pump-motor configured to function as a hydraulic motor by using hydraulic oil flowing out of the first hydraulic actuator and configured to function as a hydraulic pump, a control valve configured to control a flow of the hydraulic oil in the plurality of hydraulic actuators, a first oil passage to connect the main pump with the second hydraulic actuator through the control valve, and a second oil passage to connect the hydraulic pump-motor with the second hydraulic actuator. The second oil passage meets the first oil passage between the control valve and the second actuator.

id-US20130081386A1    abstract-A novel energy saving mode of charging an accumulator in an electro-hydraulic system is disclosed involving toggling the position of a fan isolation valve from the flow-passing position, where the flow is driving a fan motor thereby maintaining a fan in an on position, to the flow-blocking position where the flow is inhibited from driving the fan motor thereby causing the fan to turn off, when the time to charge an accumulator is less than the period of time that the fan may be off and still allow for the cooling requirements of the engine to be satisfied. By diverting fluid flow from driving the fan motor to charging the accumulator, the disclosed energy saving mode allows for a greater flow of fluid to be delivered to the accumulator for charging, making it possible to charge the accumulators quicker and more efficiently while maintaining the cooling requirements of the engine. The energy saving mode of operation may illustratively be used in a hystat fan and hybrid system.

id-US9803339B2    abstract-A hydraulic control device includes: a recovery oil passage; a regenerative motor that rotates an output shaft of an engine in response to a supply of the hydraulic fluid and is driven to rotate by rotation of the output shaft of the engine; a regenerative oil passage for guiding return oil from a boom cylinder to the regenerative motor without passing the return oil through the recovery oil passage; a coupling oil passage that couples the recovery oil passage and the regenerative oil passage to each other; and a regeneration-side check valve that is provided on the coupling oil passage, and allows the hydraulic fluid to flow from the recovery oil passage toward the regenerative motor, and moreover restricts the hydraulic fluid from flowing from the regenerative motor toward the recovery oil passage.

id-WO2013056545A1    abstract-An energy recoverable hydraulic actuator and an execution method are provided. The actuator comprises an electric storage device (1), a motor controller (2), a motor (3), a component (4), a first hydraulic controlled single valve (5), a second hydraulic controlled single valve (8), a hydraulic cylinder (7) and a hydraulic oil tank (6). The energy recoverable hydraulic actuator and the execution method can not only convert the electric energy stored in the electric storage device into the kinetic energy of the hydraulic cylinder piston rod, but also convert the kinetic energy of the hydraulic cylinder piston rod into electric energy stored in the electric storage device, so as to recover energy and save resources. The energy recoverable hydraulic actuator and the execution method can be applied in engineering machinery in the field of engineering technology.
id-US9316238B2    abstract-There is provided an apparatus, method, computer program product, and a kit and method for upgrading, an apparatus for moving cargo. A bus for transmission of electrical energy, at least one load connected to the bus, said at least one load configured to transform electrical energy from the bus into movement of a cargo with respect to the apparatus energy transforming means configured to transform energy between electrical energy of the bus and potential energy of a hydraulic accumulator, wherein the apparatus is configured to store electrical energy from the bus as potential energy to the hydraulic accumulator and to supply the potential energy stored in the hydraulic accumulator as electrical energy to the at least one load.

id-WO2013078213A1    abstract-A hydraulic system includes a tank (20) for hydraulic fluid, a supply line (18) connected to a pump (22) and a plurality of hydraulic functions (12, 14, 16)connected to the supply line (18). Each hydraulic function includes an actuator (26, 28, 30) that is connectable to a load and that has a first side and a second side. Each function includes a first control valve (50) connected to the first side and a second control valve (52) connected to the second side. Each function also has an independent tank line (43, 44, 45), and the first and second control valves (50, 52) are connected to both the supply line (18) and the independent tank line (43, 44, 45). A third control valve (58, 70) is connected between the independent tank line (43, 44, 45) and the tank (20), and a check valve (62) is connected between the supply line (18) and the independent tank line (43, 44, 45).

id-WO2013080767A1    abstract-The oil pump 28 is always activated, the hydraulic oil o is inhaled from the oil tank 24, and the hydraulic oil o is pressurized in the accumulator 30. During steering, the hydraulic oil o is supplied from accumulator 30 to the oil chamber 22a or 22b via switching valve 36, and the steering shaft 12 is rotated. Since the oil pump 28 does not turn the rudder shaft 12 directly, the high pressure hydraulic oil o accumulated in the accumulator 30 rotates the rudder shaft 12, thus reducing the capacity and size of the oil pump 28. As a result, the steering wheel drive can save space, energy and cost.
