id-US20180153102A1    abstract-A header is supported by a pair of hydraulic float cylinders, where a float pressure to the cylinders is directly controlled by an electronic control supplying a variable control signal to a PPRR valve arrangement to maintain the float pressure at a predetermined value. At the set pressure a predetermined lifting force is provided to the header. A position sensor is used to generate an indication of movement and/or acceleration and/or velocity. The electronic control is arranged, in response to changes in the sensor signal, to temporarily change the control signal to vary the lifting force and thus change the dynamic response of the hydraulic float cylinder. A lift force greater than that required to lift the header can be provided by a lift cylinder and can be opposed in a controlled manner to apply a controlled downforce by the back of the same cylinder or by a separate component.

id-US20170356476A1    abstract-Method for controlling and damping the motion of a hydraulic actuator in an electro hydrostatic actuator (EHA) system comprising an electric motor, a hydraulic pump and a hydraulic fluid circuit connecting the hydraulic pump and the hydraulic actuator includes comprising: energising the electric motor to drive the hydraulic pump to supply hydraulic fluid to the hydraulic actuator through the hydraulic fluid circuit in an active mode of operation; providing a flow path between the hydraulic actuator and the hydraulic pump in a damping mode of operation such that hydraulic fluid can flow via the flow path through the hydraulic pump when the hydraulic actuator is driven by an external force; and determining a desired amount of damping to be applied to the hydraulic actuator in the damping mode of operation and providing the electric motor with one or more energy consuming means configured to provide the desired amount of damping.

id-US10626578B2    abstract-A work machine has a controller which has an area limiting control section correcting the pilot pressures of pilot lines, a regeneration control section adjusting the flow rate of the hydraulic fluid caused to flow from a tank side line of an arm cylinder into a pump side line thereof between zero and a predetermined upper limit value, and a regeneration control switching section that issues an order to the regeneration control section to set the predetermined upper limit value to a first set value when the function of the area limiting control section is invalid and that issues an order to the regeneration control section to set the predetermined upper limit value to a second set value that is smaller than the first set value when the function of the area limiting control section is effective.

id-EP3482084B1    abstract-

id-US20190169820A1    abstract-An energy regeneration device which can regenerate energy of a working fluid discharged from an actuator while controlling a flow rate of the working fluid, and a work machine including the device. The regeneration device includes a boom cylinder, an inertial fluid container, an oil tank, an accumulator, a low-pressure-side opening/closing device, and a high-pressure-side opening/closing device. A calculation unit calculates an opening area of each of the low-pressure-side opening/closing device and the high-pressure-side opening/closing device in accordance with a desired flow rate of a hydraulic fluid discharged from the boom cylinder. A regeneration control unit adjusts an opening area of each of the low-pressure-side opening/closing device and the high-pressure-side opening/closing device, and selects alternately the low-pressure-side opening/closing device and the high-pressure-side opening/closing device as a destination with which the inertial fluid container communicates, to supply a discharged hydraulic fluid to an accumulator.

id-WO2018025546A1    abstract-When the shredder (9) rotates in the opening direction of the shredder, it connects the head side chamber of the second cylinder (16b) and the receiving chamber (S1). When the shredder (9) rotates in the closing direction of the shredder, the pressure on the head side of the first cylinder (16a) is preset. When the pressure is below the set pressure, connect the receiving room S1 and the head side chamber of the second cylinder (16b), and block the head side chamber of the first cylinder (16a) and the head side chamber of the second cylinder (16b). When the pressure on the side of the head of the first cylinder (16a) is above the set pressure, the head side of the second cylinder (16b) and the head side of the first cylinder (S1) are blocked, and the hydraulic oil is transferred from the head of the first cylinder (16a) to the passage on the discharge side of the control valve (23). The switch valve (24) allows flow and switches the state of the hydraulic circuit (5) in the crusher (9) to connect the head side chamber of the first cylinder (16a) and the head side chamber of the second cylinder (16b).
id-US20190170170A1    abstract-In one aspect, a wireless transceiver is used to wirelessly connect various electrohydraulic components in a hydraulic system. In another aspect, a self-powered wireless hydraulic system includes a harvesting device for converting hydraulic energy into electrical energy. The electrical energy generated by the harvesting device can be used to power one or more electrohydraulic components and wireless transceivers. In another aspect, a self-powered wireless hydraulic system also includes a flow control device powered by the harvesting device for actively controlling the hydraulic flow through the harvesting device.

id-JP2018031386A    abstract-[problem] we provide an energy regeneration device that can regenerate the energy of the working fluid while controlling the flow rate of the working fluid discharged from the actuator, and a working machine equipped with it. The regeneration device 100 has a boom cylinder 20, an inertial fluid container 102, an oil tank 110, an accumulator 105, a low-pressure side switch 103 and a high pressure side switch 104. According to the target flow of hydraulic oil discharged from the boom cylinder 20, the arithmetic unit calculates the opening and closing duty ratio of the low pressure side switch 103 and the high pressure side switch 104. Based on the calculated duty cycle, the regeneration control unit alternately switches the connecting point of the inertial fluid container 102 between the low pressure side switch 103 and the high pressure side switch 104, and supplies the discharge hydraulic oil to the accumulator 105. Select diagram: figure 3
id-US10526768B2    abstract-The hydraulic energy regeneration system for the work machine, includes: a communication pressure boost passage that can boost a pressure of a discharge-side hydraulic fluid by communicating a discharge side and a suction side of the hydraulic cylinder with each other during an own weight fall of a driven body; a communication pressure boost valve that is disposed in the communication pressure boost passage and that can regulate one of or both of a pressure and a flow rate of the communication pressure boost passage; a reuse-side line and a reuse control valve or a regeneration-side line and a regeneration control valve that can regenerate a hydraulic fluid discharged from the hydraulic cylinder during the own weight fall of the driven body; and a controller. The controller is configured to reduce an opening degree of the communication pressure boost valve in response to an increase of the discharge-side pressure of the hydraulic cylinder right after the discharge-side pressure reaches a preset high load set pressure, and gradually reduces the opening degree of the communication pressure boost valve with passage of time.

id-EP3301229B1    abstract-

id-WO2018051644A1    abstract-Hybrid construction machinery control system (100), the main pump (71, 72), a regenerative motor (88) rotationally driven by a working fluid, a motor generator (91) connected to a regenerative motor (88), a storage device (26), and a controller (90). When it is judged that the voltage of the capacitor (26) is less than the regenerative start voltage (Vmin) when the tube is not in operation, the main pump (71, The main pump (71, 72) is controlled so that the flow of the working fluid supplied from the regenerative motor (88) is greater than the flow of the working fluid discharged from the main pump (71, 72) when the actuator is operating.
id-JP6549784B2    abstract-

id-US20180093760A1    abstract-A flight control pump system includes an electrical machine configured to operate in a motor mode and in a generator mode. A pump is operatively connected to be driven by the electrical machine in the motor mode. An overriding clutch is operatively connected to the electrical machine and to the pump to transfer torque from a main transmission to drive the pump and the electrical machine in the generator mode, and to decouple the main transmission from the electrical machine and the pump in the motor mode.

id-US10851806B2    abstract-When a fluid is supplied to a first pressure-boosting chamber and/or a second pressure-boosting chamber of a pressure booster, either a first electromagnetic valve unit supplies a fluid discharged from a first pressurizing chamber to a second pressurizing chamber, or a second electromagnetic valve unit supplies a fluid discharged from a third pressurizing chamber to a fourth pressurizing chamber.

id-US20180266447A1    abstract-Pump-controlled hydraulic circuits are more efficient than valve-controlled circuits, as they eliminate the energy losses due to flow throttling in valves and require less cooling effort. Presently existing pump-controlled solutions for single rod cylinders encounter an undesirable performance during certain operating conditions. Novel circuit designs employ use of different charge pressures on a pair of pilot-operated charging-control valves or different piston areas and/or spring constants on a shuttle-type charging control valve to shift a critical loading region in a load-force/actuator-velocity plane to a lower load force range, thereby reducing the undesired oscillations experienced in the response of the typical critical loading region. One or more specialized valves are controlled by fluid pressures to provide throttling in the circuit only within the critical loading region, thereby reducing the oscillatory amplitude while avoiding throttling-based energy losses outside the critical region over the majority of the circuit's operational overall operating area.

id-WO2018092510A1    abstract-When the accumulator can store pressure, the hydraulic oil discharged from the lift cylinder for lifting can be stored in the accumulator via the accumulator flow control valve. In this way, the potential energy of the cargo can be stored in the accumulator and used at other times. On the other hand, if the accumulator cannot store pressure, the hydraulic oil discharged from the lift cylinder for lifting and lowering can be supplied to the tank via the bypass flow control valve. Therefore, fluctuation in the flow rate of hydraulic oil discharged from the lift cylinder for lifting and lowering can be suppressed, and the lift cylinder can be lowered at the desired lowering rate.
id-US20190301140A1    abstract-An energy regeneration device capable of controlling flow of a working fluid discharged from an actuator while regenerating energy from the working fluid, and a work machine including the foregoing device, include a boom cylinder, an inertial fluid container, an oil tank, an accumulator, a low-pressure-side opening/closing device, and a high-pressure-side opening/closing device. A calculation unit calculates a duty ratio for opening/closing the low-pressure-side opening/closing device and the high-pressure-side opening/closing device in accordance with a desired flow rate of a hydraulic fluid discharged from the boom cylinder. A regeneration control unit selects alternately the low-pressure-side opening/closing device and the high-pressure-side opening/closing device as a destination with which the inertial fluid container communicates in accordance with the calculated duty ratio, and supplies the discharged hydraulic fluid to an accumulator.

id-JP2018080025A    abstract-[issue] we provide a hydraulic drive device for a loading/unloading vehicle that can suppress the fluctuation of the falling speed of the hydraulic cylinder for lifting/lowering. Solution: the deceleration degree Ab of the command rotation number set by the command rotation number setting unit 67 is larger than the deceleration degree Bb of the actual rotation number of the electric motor 18 based on the control output of motor driver 61. Since the real speed deceleration Bb is less than the command speed deceleration Ab, the real speed can be reduced gradually. Therefore, the decrease in the cylinder flow rate can be controlled slowly in accordance with the decrease in the actual rotation speed. Since the command speed deceleration Ab is greater than the actual speed deceleration Bb, the command speed can be quickly reduced. Therefore, the actual rotation speed quickly becomes equal to the command rotation speed, and the increase of the actual rotation can be suppressed. As a result, the increase in the cylinder flow rate can be suppressed. Select diagram: figure 4
id-US20190271993A1    abstract-A hydraulic valve assembly having a regeneration circuit, where the hydraulic valve assembly is switchable between a regenerative mode and a non-regenerative mode as the valve assembly supplies fluid to operate a hydraulic device. The hydraulic valve assembly may be automatically switchable between the regenerative mode and the non-regenerative mode, such as by utilizing a pressure control valve in the hydraulic circuit that is activatable at a predetermined pressure setpoint, or by utilizing a variable pressure reducing valve that actuates a spool in the hydraulic circuit. In other embodiments, the hydraulic valve assembly may be manually switchable between the regenerative mode and non-regenerative mode by utilizing a valve member operatively coupled to a solenoid in cooperation with one or more check valves in the regeneration circuit.

id-JP2018080027A    abstract-[problem] we provide a hydraulic drive device for a loading and unloading vehicle that can recover the potential energy of the cargo efficiently and can reduce the hydraulic cylinder for lifting and lowering at the desired lowering speed. When pressure can be stored in the accumulator 80, the working oil discharged from the lifting cylinder 4 for lifting and lowering can be stored in the accumulator 80 through the storage flow control valve 81. In this way, the potential energy of the payload can be stored in the accumulator 80 and used at other times. On the other hand, if the accumulator 80 cannot be pressurized, the hydraulic oil discharged from the lifting cylinder 4 for lifting and lowering can be supplied to tank 19 through the bypass flow control valve 50. Therefore, the change in the flow of hydraulic oil discharged from the lift cylinder 4 can be suppressed, and the lift cylinder 4 can be lowered at the desired lowering speed. Select diagram: figure 4
id-WO2018092507A1    abstract-Hydraulic drives are mounted on the lift cylinder side of the descending oil path rather than the operating valves, and have resistance elements to increase fluid resistance. In addition, the pilot flow path of the bypass flow control valve is conducted between the lift cylinder and the resistance element in the descending oil path. According to this structure, the pressure loss generated by the resistance element can be added to the pilot pressure of the bypass flow control valve. Therefore, the pilot pressure is increased by the pressure loss of the resistance element. By increasing the pilot pressure in this way, the influence of disturbance that makes the operation of the bypass flow control valve unstable can be reduced.
