id-WO2020147844A1    abstract-An activation furnace discharge cooling device comprises a cooling box, one side of the cooling box is connected with a first discharge pipe, the other side is connected with an air cooling device, the first discharge pipe is connected with a vertical discharge pipe, the vertical discharge pipe is connected with a second discharge pipe, the first discharge pipe and the second discharge pipe are covered with a first heat-resistant water film on the outer wall, and the cooling box is welded with a room temperature water tank. One side of the normal temperature water tank is welded with a low temperature water tank, the normal temperature water tank and the low temperature water tank are provided with a first pressure pump and a second pressure pump, the water outlet of the first pressure pump is connected with the first water intake pipe, the top of the first water intake pipe is connected with the first transport pipe side, the other side of the first transport pipe is connected with the first spray pipe, the normal temperature water tank side is connected with the first collection pipe, The water outlet of the second pressure pump is connected with the second water intake pipe, the top of the second water intake pipe is connected with the side of the second water transport pipe, the other side of the second water transport pipe is connected with the second spray pipe, and the low temperature water tank is connected with the second water intake pipe.
id-WO2020144237A1    abstract-A process for the production of potassium sulphate by conversion of potassium chloride and sulphuric acid using a muffle furnace, said furnace comprising a reaction chamber and a combustion chamber, wherein in the reaction chamber potassium chloride (KCI) and potassium hydrogen sulfate (KHSO 4 ) are reacted to form potassium sulphate while supplying heat to the reaction chamber from the combustion chamber, wherein the combustion chamber has at least a pair of regenerative burners and wherein the process comprises the steps of alternatingly causing one of the regenerative burners to perform a combustion operation in the combustion chamber to heat the reaction chamber and another of the regenerative burners to perform a heat-regenerating operation in a regenerator, wherein the pressure in the combustion chamber is kept at a pressure of between 0.2 and 3 mbarg.

id-WO2020174328A1    abstract-The invention relates to a device for removing the slag from the deslagging area of a furnace and for recovering thermal energy from the slag. The device comprises: - a loading zone, which receives the hot liquid slag; - an unloading zone, which releases the cooled solid slag; - a dragging conveyor extending from the loading zone to the unloading zone and which comprises: - a support surface supporting the slag; and - a plurality of dragging elements dragging the slag; - a thermal exchange circuit which extends along the dragging conveyor and which comprises a thermal carrier fluid suitable for absorbing part of the heat in the slag and to render it available for a user device. In accordance with a second aspect, the invention relates to a steelmaking plant comprising a furnace and a device according to the invention. In accordance with a third aspect, the invention relates to a method for removing the slag and for recovering thermal energy from the slag.

id-US20220183304A1    abstract-The invention relates to wood-burning ovens and may be used for preparing food, in particular, baked items, for example, pizza.

id-WO2020183323A1    abstract-Machine (2) for cleaning regeneration chambers (56) of furnaces for the production of glass articles, with stacking of hollow refractory elements delimiting vertical passages (chimneys) for the combustion fumes from said furnaces, characterized by the fact of comprising: - a self-propelled support structure to be introduced into a compartment (55) which is below said regeneration chamber (56) to be cleaned and which communicates with said regeneration chamber (56), at least one lance (24), applied to said self-propelled support structure and configured to send within said vertical passages a stream of cleaning material powder and compressed air generated by a compressor (50) which is intended to be positioned outside of said regeneration chamber (56) to be cleaned, at least one suction mouth (8), applied to said support structure and configured to suck the dust of the cleaning material and the aspirable materials from the ground, which were removed from it during the cleaning operation, at least one video camera (30, 32, 34) mounted on said support structure, at least one monitor (60) controlling from the outside, through said at least one video camera (30, 32, 34), of the correct operation of said machine.

id-WO2020182404A1    abstract-The invention comprises a machine (5) for cooling and/or cleaning processes leaking from the machine (2), including at least one fire extinguisher cooling device (8), and a thermal energy boiler (10) passing through a process cooling device (8) via an evaporative cooling device (5). Establish a Verdampfungskuhleinheit temperature (8) of Prozessgases used for cleaning, cooling and/or improvement Prozessgases temperature abzusenken, a dimension of 400°C to 850°C, and temperature Abhitzekessel(10) and even Abhitzekessel(10) zugefuhrten are specified The Prozessgases abzusenken temperature scale ranges from 170°C to 280°C.
id-JPWO2020179600A1    abstract-The exhaust heat recovery system consists of a exhaust heat boiler, an attraction fan that draws exhaust gas to the exhaust heat boiler and discharging exhaust gas from the exhaust heat boiler, an exhaust pipe that connects the exhaust gas outlet of the exhaust heat boiler and the entrance of the attraction fan, and a dust outlet and a lure fan of the exhaust heat boiler. A dust tube is connected to an inlet of a dust tube and has a dust volume adjustment unit, which adjusts the amount of dust passing through so that the load of the attraction fan is below the predetermined load threshold.
id-WO2020203280A1    abstract-The exhaust heat recovery system consists of a boiler that recovers heat from exhaust gas generated by AQC, a first exhaust gas line that leads exhaust gas discharged from the high-temperature part specified by AQC to the inlet of the boiler, and an exhaust system that releases exhaust gas recovered by the boiler to the atmosphere. The second exhaust gas line, in which the exhaust gas discharged from the low temperature part of AQC located downstream from the high temperature part in the direction of transporting the calcinated goods is merged with the emission line, and the first exhaust gas line, in which the exhaust gas discharged from the boiler is discharged into the emission line. A thermometer set on the flue gas line; at least one flow regulator that regulates the flow of the flue gas flowing through at least one of the first and second flue gas lines; They also include a command generation device for generating a command value for adjusting a flow control device.
id-JPWO2020203247A1    abstract-A bypass line is set to pass the exhaust gas from the pre-heater in the cement baking process around the boiler to the exhaust gas, and the excess or insufficient heat of the dryer is obtained according to the moisture content of the dry material, the temperature of the exhaust gas of the dryer, and the exhaust gas supply. The flow rate of flue gas flowing into the bypass line is determined based on the amount of excess or shortage, and the flow rate of flue gas flowing through the bypass line is adjusted to obtain the determined flow rate.
id-US20230023068A1    abstract-A heat exchange system for transferring heat energy to control the temperature of a building, comprising a first heat exchanger for transferring thermal energy between waste water and a first water supply, a second heat exchanger connected to the first heat exchanger for transferring heat energy between the thermally treated first water supply and a second water supply, and a heat pump operatively arranged to supply the first water supply to the first heat exchanger, fluidly arranged between the building and the first heat exchanger, and fluidly arranged between the building and the second heat exchanger.

id-EP3734208A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a heating device (1) for bundles of embedded products, comprising an oven with an enclosure, at least one conveyor (2) passing through said enclosure, a heating means (3) of said enclosure, with an inlet (4,40,41) and an outlet (5,50,51), and a heating module (30,31), each comprising a heating block (6), A circuit (7,70,71) connecting the heating block (6) at the outlet and leading into said chamber and a means for circulating (10) a flow of heated air with an air intake (11), Characterized in that it includes a recycling circuit (12) connecting said outlet (5,50,51) to said inlet (4,40,41) of said heating means (3), a packaging installation with such a heating device (1) and a method for circulating heated air streams in the heating device (1).
id-WO2020232091A1    abstract-A system for making oxide material may comprise a preheating cyclone stage for receiving a solid carbonate material and operating at a temperature less than a calcination temperature of the solid carbonate material, a calcination cyclone stage for heating the preheated solid carbonate material and operating at a temperature of at least the calcination temperature to convert the preheated solid carbonate material to a solid oxide material and carbon dioxide gas, a cooling cyclone stage for cooling the solid oxide material and operating at a temperature less than the calcination temperature to cool the solid oxide material to ambient temperature, a first recirculating system to extract and recirculate a first gas from an outlet of the calcination cyclone stage to an inlet of the calcination cyclone stage zone, and a second recirculating system to extract and recirculate a second gas from the cooling cyclone stage to the preheating cyclone stage.

id-JP7277612B2    abstract-

id-WO2020229435A1    abstract-About the invention of a Warmetauscherzyklon :(1) to exchange heat between staubformigen - kornigem good (2) and gas (3),aufweisend for gas (4)(3) for gas Auslass(5)(3) which can go into (6)staub formige granular (2) well until there is Auslass staubformige granular nothing (7)(2), while Warmetauscherzyklon additionally, one,Trennraum(8) symptoms, especially the next konischer Trennraum(9) added the cylindrical segment (8) and the cylindrical segment (9) to be correlated with each other, while the gas cylinder (10) and the cylinder (3) gathering chamber (8,9) were engaged with each other. According to the design, the first canning method is (6) to separate the second inlet (2) from the first inlet (4) as a dustproof agent or granule.
id-EP3739283A1    abstract-In one known method for treating an expanse of unorganized matter, scientists use heated rings to spin a pass around an area that is divided into several processing areas. In this way the basket is transported on the side with the basket towards the treatment room, which is like rieselfahiger's inliving chemotherapeutic Kornung especially SiO < subservient > 2 < / subservient > - Kornung meets a little and effektivem at Drehrohrofen Reliable consumption of Behandlungsgas can be replicated, and it is proposed that verbrauchtes Behandlungsgas Reaktionszone do a Behandlungsraums using Langsachse Gasverteilerrohres are sucked. it
id-US20200376547A1    abstract-A furnace system for printing an object using additive manufacturing. The furnace system may include a furnace chamber; an outlet fluidly coupled to the furnace chamber for removal of an exhaust gas from the furnace chamber; a conduit fluidly coupled to the outlet; an oxygen injector fluidly coupled to the conduit; an isolation system fluidly coupled to the conduit between the furnace chamber and the oxygen injector; and a catalyst enclosure comprising an oxidizing catalyst.

id-US11499201B2    abstract-A process for the production of direct reduced iron (DRI), with or without carbon, using hydrogen, where the hydrogen is produced utilizing water generated internally from the process. The process is characterized by containing either one or two gas loops, one for affecting the reduction of the oxide and another for affecting the carburization of the DRI. The primary loop responsible for reduction recirculates used gas from the shaft furnace in a loop including a dry dedusting step, an oxygen removal step to generate the hydrogen, and a connection to the shaft furnace for reduction. In the absence of a second loop, this loop, in conjunction with natural gas addition, can be used to deposit carbon. A secondary carburizing loop installed downstream of the shaft furnace can more finely control carbon addition. This loop includes a reactor vessel, a dedusting step, and a gas separation unit.

id-US20200393126A1    abstract-Apparatus and methods for debinding articles. The apparatus and methods may transform binder from furnace exhaust before the exhaust is discharged to the atmosphere. The apparatus may include a furnace retort and a reactor. The furnace retort may be configured to: exclude ambient air; and receive a carrier gas. The reactor may be configured to: receive from the retort (a) the carrier gas and (b) material removed in the retort from the article; and combust, at a temperature no greater than 750° C., the material. The material may be decomposed binder. The material may be hydrocarbon from binder that is pyrolyzed in the retort. The carrier gas may include gas that is nonflammable gas.

id-WO2020257834A1    abstract-The invention relates to melting (1) furnaces (1) and melting (15) furnaces (11), having at least one stove (3) connected to a trumpet (9) and executing a smoke ejector (12). The roof (5) heat shield (2) lava chamber (16) has at least one metal row (7) into the melting furnace (6); At least one melting tube (8) carries gas (16) from the melting chamber and the melting tube (8) delivers it to the melting chamber (11).
id-WO2020257215A1    abstract-An electrically controlled valve which can be operated using a programable controller. A cooperating pair of the electrically controlled valves can be used in a Regenerative Thermal Oxidizer (RTO). The electrically controlled valve has two seats, and a blade which can move between a first position contacting the first seat and a second position contacting the second seat. The blade is moved by an actuator which is controlled by a variable frequency drive (VFD). A control computer continuously monitors the operation of both valves and halts operation of the system upon detecting a fault (error). The motion of the blade is programmed such that force of impact on the seat is reduced. Once the blade is seated, a brake is engaged which maintains the stationary position while utilizing relatively low power.

id-US20220397347A1    abstract-A shuttle kiln ( 100 ) according to certain aspects includes at least one flue channel ( 124 ) and multiple flue risers ( 122 ) in fluid communication with the flue channel ( 124 ), and at least one shuttle ( 104 ) defining multiple exhaust shafts ( 140 ) arranged above the multiple flue risers ( 122 ), wherein an aggregate volume of a first exhaust shaft/riser pair ( 140 - 1, 122 - 1 ) differs from an aggregate volume of a second exhaust shaft/riser pair ( 140 - 2, 122 - 2 ). Such configuration at least partially compensates for different backpressures that would otherwise be experienced by flue gas exiting a shuttle kiln cavity ( 138 ) through different exhaust shafts ( 140 ), thereby improving uniformity of flue gas flow and reducing temperature variability within a kiln cavity ( 138 ).

id-JP2023090916A    abstract-[challenges] to improve the production efficiency of reforming gas. Gasification furnace 2, which generates pyrolysis gas by heating the workpiece supplied inside, and gasification system 1 reforming the pyrolysis gas by reforming it while indirectly heating it with heat source fluid. Combustion reactor 51, which burns the recovered char in the gasifier or/and gas reforming reactor 3 to produce quality gas and supplies the flue gas as a heat source fluid to the gas reforming reactor, gasifier or/gas reforming The storage unit that stores the char recovered in the furnace, the char supply mechanism that supplies the char from the storage unit to the combustion furnace, and the gas distribution unit that distributes the modified gas discharged from the gas reforming furnace to the combustion furnace and the power generation unit that generates power using the modified gas 5 2. A control unit 10 adjusts the supply of char to the combustion furnace by the char supply mechanism and supplies modified gas to the combustion furnace through the gas distribution unit. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2021003045A1    abstract-A shuttle kiln according to certain aspects includes at least one flue channel and multiple flue risers in fluid communication with the flue channel, and at least one shuttle defining multiple exhaust shafts arranged above the multiple flue risers, wherein at least one radiation blockers is arranged above outlet ports of the at least one shuttle. Such a configuration blocks line-of-sight radiant heat transfer between (i) heated surfaces above the shuttle within the kiln housing and (ii) outlet ports of the exhaust shafts, thereby enhancing radiant heat retention and reducing temperature variability within a kiln cavity of the shuttle kiln.

id-EP3767215B1    abstract-

id-US20220348489A1    abstract-The invention concerns a process for operating a fired furnace which is heated using a fuel gas stream and forming a combustion product stream, wherein heat of at least part of the combustion product stream is used in forming a steam stream. It is provided that at least a part of the steam stream is subjected to a high-temperature electrolysis to form a hydrogen-containing and an oxygen-containing material stream, and that at least a part of the hydrogen-containing material stream is used as the fuel gas stream. A corresponding arrangement is also the subject of the invention.

id-US11441844B2    abstract-This disclosure provides a method of recycling heat during operation of a plant in which equipment for processing at least two different materials is co-located. The method comprises a first process for processing a first material and a second process for processing a second material. The second material has a melting point that is less than a melting point of the first material. During the first process, the first material is subjected to a first melting process and then subjected to a first cooling process that includes solidification of the first material. During the second process, the second material is subjected to a second melting process and then subjected to a second cooling process that includes solidification of the second material. The method comprises recovering heat from the first cooling process and using at least some of the heat as a heat source for the second melting process.

id-WO2021056830A1    abstract-The utility model relates to a denitrification treatment system and treatment method for pellet roasting flue gas in a grate rotary kiln. The denitrification system comprises a grate successively connected, a rotary kiln (5) and a ring cooling machine. The grate is used for drying and preheating raw pellets and transporting raw pellets to a rotary kiln (5) for roasting the pellets after drying and preheating. The ring cooling machine is used to cool the roasted pellets; The rotary kiln (5) is also circulatively connected with a grate through a flue gas return pipe, and a selective non-catalytic reduction device (10) is arranged on the flue gas return pipe; The grate is successively connected with an ozone generating device (18) and a desulfurization device (19) along the flow direction of the roasting flue gas. The hierarchical treatment of NO x is realized, the denitrification efficiency of flue gas is improved, the use of ozone is reduced, and the operating cost is reduced.
id-US20220349652A1    abstract-One object of the present invention is to provide an apparatus for producing inorganic spheroidized particles which can significantly reduce the amount of warming gas generated and suppress the generation of soot during combustion. The present invention provides an apparatus (10) for producing inorganic spheroidized particles, including a burner (11) for producing inorganic spheroidized particles, a vertical spheroidizing furnace (15), an ammonia supply source (12), an oxygen supply source (13), an ammonia supply line (L1) located between the ammonia supply source (12) and the burner (11) for producing inorganic spheroidized particles, and an oxygen supply line (L2) located between the oxygen supply source (13) and the burner (11) for producing inorganic spheroidized particles.

id-JP7029432B2    abstract-

id-WO2021050833A1    abstract-To preheat combustion air with gasification furnace flue gas, combustion air is flowed towards an inlet of a gasification furnace. The combustion air is heated using flue gas emitted from the gasification furnace. The flue gas is generated within the gasification furnace responsive to a gasification process. The heated combustion air is flowed into the inlet of the gasification furnace. The gasification process is implemented within the gasification furnace using the heated combustion air

id-WO2021068314A1    abstract-An impact gas-solid separator suitable for sleeve kiln comprises a shell (1), one end of the shell (1) is provided with a flue gas inlet (2), the other end of the shell (1) is provided with a flue gas outlet (3), the flue gas inlet (2) is communicated with the flue gas outlet (3), the shell (1) is vertically installed inside the block (4), the block (4) is uniformly arranged to form a block row. The barrier bank is interleaved inside the housing (1).
id-WO2021065267A1    abstract-The adsorbent supply unit (41) supplies the mercury adsorbent to the exhaust gas in the flue gas (3). The upstream mercury concentration meter (45) can switch between the zero mercury concentration of the exhaust gas and the total mercury concentration of the exhaust gas. The control unit (40) controls the supply of mercury adsorbent according to the 0 value of mercury concentration in the upstream mercury concentration meter, which is the measurement state of 0 value of mercury concentration, and sets the evaluation value of the cumulative amount of 0 value of mercury in the exhaust gas when the 0 value of mercury concentration is greater than the first threshold value to 0 value of water When the evaluation value is greater than the second threshold, the upstream mercury concentration meter is switched to the total mercury measurement state to obtain the total mercury concentration. The supply of mercury adsorbent is controlled based on this.
id-EP3809043B1    abstract-

id-WO2021072814A1    abstract-The application relates to an oxygen-rich sintering flue gas circulation system and its application. The oxygen-rich sintering flue gas circulation system comprises a sintering machine, a first dust collector, a first fan, an oxygen adding system, a second dust collector, a second fan and a post-processing unit. The oxygen addition system makes oxygen and circulating flue gas evenly mixed to ensure the stability of sintering yield and quality; The detection unit detects the oxygen content in the circulating flue gas in real time, adjusts the amount of oxygen added through the control unit, and detects the oxygen content in the mixed flue gas in real time, and adjusts the flow regulation device through the control unit feedback, so that the oxygen content of the circulating flue gas is 18-30%.
id-WO2021088709A1    abstract-The anodic furnace feeding device comprises an anodic furnace barrel body (10) and a feeding mechanism, the anodic furnace barrel body (10) is connected with a blowing furnace (20) through a feeding mechanism, and the blowing furnace (20) is placed horizontally and parallel with the anodic furnace barrel body (10); The anode furnace barrel body (10) is provided with a feeding port and a smoke exhaust port (11). The feeding port is arranged on the end of the anode furnace barrel body, and the smoke exhaust port (11) is arranged on the side wall of the anode furnace barrel body; The feeding mechanism comprises a receiving chute (30) and a charging chute (40) which are overlapping and connected with each other, and the receiving chute (30) is connected with the charging port, the charging chute (40) is inclined downward, and the high end of the charging chute (40) is connected with the blowing furnace (20). The charging port and smoke exhaust port (11) are located on the end and side wall of the anode furnace barrel, and the charging and smoke exhaust do not interfere with each other, so as to avoid the damage of the high temperature flue gas to the charging chute. At the same time, the feeding from the end is carried out, and the drop of the melt into the furnace is small, which not only reduces the erosion of the melt on the lining of the anode furnace but also reduces the foundation elevation of the blowing furnace to save project investment.
id-WO2021229009A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a device for heat-treating solid material, in particular in granular form, wherein the device comprises a kiln and an external heat generator, wherein said kiln comprises at least one sloped sliding surface on which a bed of said solid material slides down within said kiln due to gravity while a hot gas generated by the external heat generator is led through said solid material to heat said solid material to a desired temperature in order to change the substance properties of said solid material. According to the invention, said external heat generator for generating said hot gas is external to said kiln, wherein said kiln further comprises at least one kiln gas inlet through which said hot gas enters said kiln, such that the necessary temperature of said hot gas can be controlled precisely in that said hot gas is generated in said external heat generator, ensuring that the solid material does not experience temperatures above an allowed maximum temperature, and further such that the solid material is not exposed to radiation from a burner.

id-US20230001352A1    abstract-Disclosed are a flue gas purification and waste heat utilization system and method. The system comprises a flue gas exhaust unit, a primary waste heat utilization unit, a primary flue gas purification unit, a secondary waste heat utilization unit and a secondary flue gas purification unit that are sequentially connected in a flue gas flow direction, wherein the primary flue gas purification unit is configured for removing NO x , large particles and CO in the flue gas, the secondary flue gas purification unit is configured for removing NO x  and dioxin in the flue gas, an ammonia-spraying device is externally connected between the flue gas exhaust unit and the primary waste heat utilization unit, and the ammonia-spraying device is configured for injecting ammonia gas into the flue gas exhausted from the flue gas exhaust unit.

id-US20230002277A1    abstract-A method of producing cement clinker and a second calcined material, wherein the cement clinker is produced in a first production line and the second calcined material is produced from a raw material in a second production line by carrying out the following procedures e) optionally drying the raw material in a dryer, g) calcining the optionally dried raw material in a rotary kiln to obtain the second calcined material, wherein the sensible heat of a hot gas in the first production line is used as a heat source in the calcining step g) for calcining the raw material, and wherein the rotary kiln exhaust gas coming from the calcining step g) is introduced into the first production line for the secondary combustion of the rotary kiln exhaust gas.

id-WO2021109324A1    abstract-The invention discloses a modular natural convection boiler system for liquid slag waste heat recovery. The granulating bin, moving bed and hot air duct of each operation module are arranged with a water-cooled heating surface, and the generated steam is fed into the common boiler drum, and then the steam is separated and then heated again into the hot air passage and granulating bin in each operation module. Eventually, superheated steam is formed for subsequent utilization. After the air enters each operation module, it passes through the moving bed and granulated bin to form hot air in turn. After entering the water cooling and hot air duct, it carries out full heat exchange. The cooled air finally gathers in the common flue, and is discharged by the chimney after the dust collector and the induced draft fan. The invention can flexibly combine according to different processing capacity and different site area; Can be multi-use, improve system reliability; Compact arrangement of heat exchange unit, countercurrent heat exchange improves heat exchange efficiency and reduces available energy loss; The system uses drum, natural convection, reduce pump consumption.
id-WO2021120801A1    abstract-The roller kiln body (100) comprises a first heating section (110) and a second heating section (120) connected successively; Wherein, the first heating section (110) is provided with a gas heating device, and the second heating section (120) is provided with a microwave heating device. By providing a gas heating device in the first heating section (110) and a microwave heating device in the second heating section (120); When the product passes through the first heating section (110), the outer surface of the product is heated by hot air in the first heating section (110), and then the product passes through the second heating section (120), the microwave emitted by the microwave heating device causes the internal temperature of the product to rise rapidly; By combining the two methods of gas heating and microwave heating, it not only retains the advantages of low cost per unit heat value of gas and strong penetration of microwave, but also relatively overcomes their respective shortcomings, thus greatly shortening the firing cycle of the product and further improving the output per unit time.
id-WO2021120399A1    abstract-The invention discloses a preparation system for molten ceramic sand, comprising a melting furnace, one side of the melting furnace is provided with a blow tube for blowing material, another comprises a cooling roller, a dust collection cover and a drum furnace for heating. The other side of the melting furnace is provided with a cooling roller, and the air flow from the blow pipe breaks the melt flow discharged from the melting furnace into liquid drops and blows into the cooling roller. The two ends of the cooling drum are open structure, the cooling drum is connected with a dust collection cover, one end of the drum furnace is arranged in the dust collection cover and communicated with the cooling drum, the other end of the drum furnace is connected with a combustion chamber, the sealing connection between the drum furnace and the combustion chamber, the bottom of the combustion chamber is provided with a discharge port, the combustion chamber is connected with a burner. The glassy structure in the sand matrix is transformed from glassy to crystalline mullite under the condition of heat, which reduces the internal stress of the sand, improves the crushing resistance of the sand and ensures the service performance of the sand.
id-US11460221B2    abstract-A furnace for a heating, ventilation, and/or air conditioning (HVAC) system includes a heat exchanger tube including a tube inlet and a tube outlet, such that the heat exchanger tube is configured to receive combustion products via the tube inlet, circulate the combustion products through the heat exchanger tube, and discharge the combustion products via the tube outlet. Additionally, the furnace includes a collector box coupled to the heat exchanger tube and having a cavity configured to receive the combustion products via the tube outlet. The furnace includes a diverter plate disposed within the cavity, where the diverter plate overlaps the tube outlet to disperse the combustion products received via the tube outlet throughout the collector box.

id-US11181267B2    abstract-Methods and systems for oxidizing gas are provided. An example regenerative oxidizer is provided that includes a combustion chamber to heat gas present in the combustion chamber. The regenerative oxidizer also includes a first heat exchange media bed and a second heat exchange media bed, each in fluid communication with the combustion chamber. The regenerative oxidizer also includes a rotary valve disposed at least partially between the first heat exchange media bed and the second heat exchange media bed. The rotary valve may alternate the flow of gas between a first and a second airflow direction. The first heat exchange media bed, the rotary valve, and the second heat exchange media bed are arranged with respect to each other such that the gas pathway between the first heat exchange media bed and the rotary valve and between the second heat exchange media bed and the rotary valve is non-linear.

