id-EP2152487B1    abstract-A method of recycling composite material comprising carbon fibres and a resin, the method comprising: providing a furnace comprising at least a heating portion; providing a transporter for transporting the composite material through the furnace; loading the composite material on the transporter and transporting the composite material through the furnace; detecting a percentage of oxygen in an atmosphere in the heating portion when the composite material has entered this portion; and removing resin from the composite material, as it travels through the heating portion of the furnace on the transporter, by means of chemical decomposition at a first temperature, with the resultant generation of fumes; wherein the generated fumes are removed from the heating portion in a controlled manner, such that the percentage of oxygen in the atmosphere in the heating portion is controlled.

id-US20120211929A1    abstract-A post-combustion lance for directing a gas at least partially therethrough. The post-combustion lance includes a body extending between an upstream end and a downstream end of the lance, the body including upper and lower portions and a post-combustion distributor mounted therebetween. The lance also includes an internal support assembly for supporting the body, the internal support assembly including an internal tube positioned inside the body and at least partially engaged with the lower portion, and at least partially engaged with the upper portion of the body, so that the internal support assembly supports the body both upstream and downstream relative to the distributor. The lance also includes a lower o-ring gland positioned downstream relative to the internal support assembly and an upper o-ring gland positioned upstream relative to the lower o-ring gland.

id-EP2078759A1    abstract-The main purpose of this new invention is to cremate heavy metals with knob stoves, in particular by recycling heavy elements. The rotating drum furnace is equipped with a rotating drum (2). At least one mixing box (2) containing a cyclone roll (3) is touched by hand (8).
id-WO2009088056A1    abstract-To provide a catalyst for purifying the exhaust gas generated by the heat treatment equipment that calcines the calcined objects coated with resist. A catalyst for purifying the exhaust gas of a heat treatment furnace coated with a resist agent, consisting of zeolite particles (component 1) and inorganic oxide particles (component 2) supported by precious metals at a ratio of 90:10 to 10:90 by weight of component 1 to 2.
id-WO2009092645A1    abstract-A method for producing cement clinker from raw material in a cement plant, by which method hot gases from a kiln system (3), through an inlet duct (4), which is connecting the kiln system (3) to a drier crusher (1 ), are directed into the drier crusher (1 ) to which also raw material, via a raw material inlet (5), is fed in order to be crushed and dried for subsequently, in suspended form, to be carried to a classifier (2) via an outlet duct (6), which is connecting the drier crusher (1 ) to the classifier (2). The method is peculiar in that at least some of the hot gases in the inlet duct (4), via a bypass duct (7) connecting the inlet duct (4) to the outlet duct (6), are bypassed the drier crusher (1 ) and directed into the outlet duct (6) at a location between the classifier (2) and the drier crusher (1 ). Hereby it is obtained that the raw material is further dried by the bypassed gases while being carried to the classifier. In this way the volume of hot gases used for drying can be increased, i.e. the drying capacity of the system can be increased without causing an increase in the pressure loss across the drier crusher.

id-US7794524B2    abstract-A method and apparatus for removing purifying vaporizable contaminants such as mercury from a particulate material. Particulate material is first contacted with heated gases to vaporize the contaminants and entrain the material in the gases. The gases are directed to a first dust collector to remove the entrained particulates, after which a sorbent or chemical reagent is injected in the gases to interact with the contaminants and form a contaminant containing product that is entrained in the gases. The product is then separated from the gases in a second collector.

id-US8420928B2    abstract-A device for recovering waste heat in the form of radiated light, e.g. red visible light and/or infrared light includes a housing having a viewing window, and a photovoltaic cell mounted in the housing in a relationship to the viewing window, wherein rays of radiated light pass through the viewing window and impinge on surface of the photovoltaic cell. The housing and/or the cell are cooled so that the device can be used with a furnace for an industrial process, e.g. mounting the device with a view of the interior of the heating chamber of a glass making furnace. In this manner, the rays of the radiated light generated during the melting of glass batch materials in the heating chamber pass through the viewing window and impinge on the surface of the photovoltaic cells to generate electric current which is passed onto an electric load.

id-WO2009107620A1    abstract-[challenges] to efficiently remove mercury from cement kiln exhaust gas at low cost. [solution] it is included in the exhaust gas of combustion emitted from the top stage cyclone of the pre-heater 2 in the cement baking process, and in the preparator 4 ~ 6, which separates gases with a temperature between 250 °C and less than 350 °C, and the preparator gas G2, which is extracted by the preparator Treatment equipment for cement kiln exhaust gas, etc., equipped with a mercury recovery equipment 10 for recovering volatile mercury. This eliminates the need to recover mercury from dust that is concentrated in mercury, making it possible to remove mercury efficiently at a low cost. Temperature control device 7 is used to dry cool separation gas G2 to adjust the temperature to a predetermined temperature; and solids separation device 8 is used to separate separation gas G3 and D controlled by the temperature control device. Mercury can be recovered. The temperature control device will cool the separated gas to 150 °C or less than 250 °C.
id-WO2009103257A1    abstract-The invention includes a method for oxidizing a flammable component in a chimney under light. The above provisions provide for the measurement of the proportion of flammable components contained in each oxygen cylinder, and according to this measurement method, the time and/or local differentiation of each flashlight.
id-EP2253915B1    abstract-

id-EP2258996A1    abstract-In separating a blast furnace gas discharged from a blast furnace top into gases each containing a gas component as a main component by using two-stage gas separation/refinement apparatuses, a method for separating the blast furnace gas includes separating the blast furnace gas into a gas containing carbon dioxide and an unavoidable impurity gas component and a gas containing nitrogen, carbon monoxide, and an unavoidable impurity gas component by using a first stage gas separation/refinement apparatus (S1) and separating the gas containing nitrogen, carbon monoxide, and the unavoidable impurity gas component separated by using the first stage gas separation/refinement apparatus into a gas containing nitrogen and an unavoidable impurity gas component and a gas containing carbon monoxide and an unavoidable impurity gas component by using a second stage gas separation/refinement apparatus (S2).

id-JP2009280910A    abstract-[challenges] we provide a manufacturing method of molten metal using oxide metal ingots in charcoal materials, which can significantly reduce equipment cost and energy consumption compared to conventional processes. [solution] A stationary, non-tilting type electric furnace with raw material loading chute 4 and 4 at both ends of the furnace width 2 and 2, electrode 5 at the center of the furnace and secondary combustion burner 6 at the upper part of the furnace is used. The carbonization layer 12 with a descending slope is formed in advance, and then the oxide metal block formation B is arranged inside the carbonization, so as to form the carbonization layer 13 on the slope of the carbonization layer 12. Then, arc heating is carried out in electrode 5, and the lower end of the carbonization layer 13 is melted successively. At the same time, the molten metal layer 14 and the molten slag layer 15 are formed in the furnace, and the lumped metal layer 13 is lowered along the slope of the charcoal filling layer 12. The co-containing gas C is injected from the secondary combustion burner 6, and the co-containing gas is generated from the lumped metal layer 12. The dust is burned and the radiant heat is used to heat the solidified layer 13. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20110039220A1    abstract-A kind of horizontal type high-temperature hot-blast stove, it includes a furnace body ( 6 ), a ball bed ( 4 ), a cold air opening ( 1 ) and a hot air opening ( 9 ). Combustion chambers ( 2 ) are respectively set on the left side and right side in the furnace body ( 6 ). And several burner guns ( 3 ) are set on the bottom of the furnace body ( 6 ) which locates on the lower part of the combustion chambers ( 2 ). The cold air opening ( 1 ) is set on the left side of the furnace body ( 6 ), and the hot air opening ( 9 ) is set on the right side of the furnace body ( 6 ), and the cold air opening ( 1 ) and the hot air opening ( 9 ) are respectively communicated with the combustion chambers ( 2 ) which are set on the left side and right side in the furnace body ( 6 ). The ball bed ( 4 ) is set in the middle part of the furnace body ( 6 ). The configuration of the two sides of the ball bed ( 4 ) is a checker brick configuration, and a manhole ( 5 ) is set on the top of the furnace body ( 6 ).

id-EP2123778B1    abstract-

id-WO2009126052A1    abstract-An electric arc-resistance furnace, in particular for manufacturing of concentrated silicon alloys using the method of silicon dioxide and iron oxides reduction with carbon, which has a furnace tank filled with a charge blend and a gas capture hood situated above it, in which space the post-reaction gases - products of reduction processes proceeding in the furnace tank - are subject to post combustion, connected via a system of flues with a filtration system, consists in the fact that it is equipped with air nozzles supplying in a controlled way the combustion air to the space between the charge surface and the gas capture hood, where the air nozzles are situated in the hood roof (1), in components of electrode column equipment (2), and at the ends of charging pipes (3) situated under the roof, while in the space under the hood and in flues discharging the gases after post- combustion to the filtration system sets of heat exchangers (4) are installed, flushed by hot exhaust gases, through which hot compressed air flows receiving physical heat from hot gases and, once heated, inflows to the expansion gas turbine (5), where mechanical power is generated, converted in the generator into electric energy.

id-EP2112449A1    abstract-The invention relates to a continuous Schrottzufuhrung in an electric furnace (complex), in which a channel (3) is specified at one end,(4) is connected with a crack in the wall at the Schmelzofens:(1) the other end has the capacity of Aufgabeeinrichtung(5), as well as with Abs The augeinrichtung(7) through the canal (3) led by the Schrotts Vorwarmen is to transfer exhaust gases from the Schmelzprozess, connecting the two ends of the English Channel according to calculations, The total length (3) of the suction unit (7) and the smelting unit (3) is closer to one end (3) of the furnace (1) than to one end (5) of the recovered material (5).
id-EP2145867A2    abstract-Method of continuous processing of power resources to post-pyrolysis hydrocarbons in association with the production of construction materials is characteristic by the fact that construction material produced in burning process of temperature close to sintering point is introduced in parallel flow with energy raw materials by means of equipment (4) ensuring required tightness and is subject to decomposition with the utilization of heat given up by hot construction material during dislocation of components in the equipment (8), while solid and gas fraction are separated to construction aggregate and volatile hydrocarbons which are fractionated in condensing process to volatile gasses and liquig fraction and non-condensed gasses are directed to burning of construction materials while out dropped hydrocarbon fractions are transported to storage tanks and / or subject to further processing. The energy raw material subject to pyrolysis process can be preliminarily heated with flue gasses from burning of construction material. The hard condensable gasses from pyrolysis are used for burning of construction materials and / or heating of energy raw material.

id-US9446984B2    abstract-To provide a method and facility for enabling CO 2  gas generated in a cement manufacturing facility to be separated and recovered at a high concentration. To this end, according to the present invention, the calcination of a cement material and the recovery of CO 2  gas generated in a calciner are performed by one of the following steps of: [1] superheating the cement material before calcination to at least the calcination temperature thereof in a superheating furnace and then mixing the superheated cement material with a new cement material before calcination in a mixer/calciner; [2] mixing, in the mixer/calciner, the cement material before calcination with a part of high-temperature cement clinker discharged from a cement kiln; and [3] using an externally heated calciner.

id-WO2009144369A2    abstract-An oxyfuel combustion system for generating power that includes a furnace (14) for combusting carbonaceous fueland substantially pure oxygen to produce exhaust gas including mainly carbon dioxide and water. An exhaust gas channel system discharges the exhaust gas from the furnace. The exhaust gas channel system(20) has an upstream channel (54), an outlet channel (58) and a gas recycling channel (28). The upstream channel recycles a recycling portion of the exhaust gas through the recycling channel to the furnace, and conveys an end portion of the exhaust gas through the outlet channel for final processing. The upstream channel is divided between a first divider piece (46) and a connecting piece (48) into a first exhaust gas channel portion (42) and a second exhaust gas channel portion (44). A gas-gas heat exchanger (36) arranged in the first exhaust gas channel portion (42) transfers heat from exhaust gas in the first exhaust gas channel portion to gas in the gas recycling channel. A first economizer (38)arranged in the second exhaust gas channel portion(44) transfers heat from exhaust gas in the second exhaust gas channel portion (44) to a flow of feedwater in a feedwater line(40), and a second economizer (52) arranged in the exhaust gas channel system downstream of the connecting piece transfers heat from gas in the exhaust gas channel system to the flow of feedwater in the feedwater line.

id-JP2009287877A    abstract-[problem] we provide a gas cupola that can efficiently dissolve the loaded material using the combustion flame of the combustion burner. [solution] gascupora has a furnace 1 with a melt chamber 10, which dissolves the fitting 2 with metal as the base material, and a melt discharge outlet 11, which discharges the molten metal dissolved in the melt chamber 10. It is set in furnace 1, which burns the fuel to form a combustion flame 41 and burns it It has multiple combustion burners 4 that eject flame 41 into fit 2 in melt chamber 10 and melt fit 2 in melt chamber 10. In the sectional view of the horizontal cutting of furnace 1, each burner 4 generates a hollow melt 42 that forms a cavity in the fitting 2 of furnace 10 through the combustion flame 41 ejected from each burner 4. Burn burner 4 is arranged in such a way that each hollow melt 42 overlaps, so that each hollow melt 42 connects to the melt outlet 11 when loading object 2 melts. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-JP2009281653A    abstract-[issues] the aim was to provide a heat treatment device that would prevent the leakage of gas and sublimated materials generated during heat treatment due to the opening and closing of the replacement inlet, and the uneven distribution of temperature in the heat treatment room. Solution: on the front 13b of heat treatment room 13 forming heat treatment device 1, four replacement ports 18a ~ 18d are arranged at the top and bottom. In addition, an exhaust outlet 21 is arranged on the bottom surface 13a of heat treatment room 13, and the exhaust device 11 is connected to it. The output of the exhaust device 11 is higher during the period when the replacement ports 18a and 18b are open in the region X1 on the bottom side 13a of the heat treatment room 13, and during the period when the replacement ports 18c and 18d are open in the upper region X2. Therefore, even when the ports 18c and 18d are open, the static pressure in region X2 is set to be equal to or less than the external pressure Po, preventing air containing the generated gas from leaking. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-JP5522740B2    abstract-

id-US8647113B2    abstract-A method for manufacturing a cement clinker includes a rotary furnace, a cyclone preheater receiving the fumes from said rotary furnace, an air blowing clinker cooler, and at least one heat exchanger, referred to as a first heat exchanger. The raw materials are preheated and decarbonated in said cyclone preheater. The clinker is cooled in said clinker cooler. A first portion of the hot air generated by said clinker cooler, or so-called secondary air, is directed to the rotary furnace to be used as combustion air. A second portion of the hot air generated, or so-called tertiary air, is directed and carried separately from the first portion to a place in the facility where fuel is burned. A third portion of hot air generated in said clinker cooler, or so-called excess air, is carried into at least said first heat exchanger for the purpose of recovering power to produce electricity.

id-WO2009147513A1    abstract-The invention related to a method to produce electricity in a cement clinker production utilizing a kiln and/or a precalciner as combustion chambers to generate electricity, the method comprising: a. supplying fuel (31, 30) to the precalciner (3) and/or the kiln (5) in a quantity corresponding to at least 110% of a heat value requirement for clinker production operation of the precalciner (3) and/or the rotary kiln (5) per unit weight of clinker, respectively; b. Bypassing a portion of hot flue gases (50, 51, 52) from at least one of (i) the kiln (5) and/or (ii) the precalciner (3); c. Leading the said bypassed portion of hot flue gases to a heat recovery steam generator (7) producing steam; d. Producing electricity with a power island comprising a steam turbine equipped with an electrical generator.

id-US20120213684A1    abstract-A hot oxygen stream containing radicals is fed into an offgas stream from a steelmaking vessel to convert carbon monoxide in the offgas to carbon dioxide.

id-WO2010007875A1    abstract-The invention provides an exhaust gas treatment equipment that improves the effective use of dust by separating and recovering the dust from the exhaust gas discharged from the melting furnace, and facilitates the control of the furnace pressure and exhaust gas composition of the melting furnace. The exhaust gas processing equipment 1 of the invention includes an exhaust gas duct 2, which is connected to the stack 12, which releases the exhaust gas after removing the dust into the atmosphere from the exhaust gas outlet 21 of the molten metal manufacturing furnace 20, which discharging the high-temperature exhaust gas including the dust. The exhaust gas duct 2 is connected with the dust collection part and the suction fan 5. The dust collection part has a wet dust collector 3 attached to the 20 sides of the molten metal manufacturing furnace of exhaust gas duct 2 to recover coarse dust, and a dry dust collector 4 attached to the suction fan 5 to recover fine dust of fume system.
id-WO2010014278A1    abstract-A fine dust removal system for a rotary lime kiln includes a preheater adjacent the charging end of the kiln and a housing adjacent to and communicating with kiln charging end, such that a major portion of not off-gases containing solid particulates are diverted to the preheater and a minor portion thereof directed into the housing. At least a portion of the solid particulates is separated from the hot off-gases in the housing, while the hot off-gases leaving the housing, after solid particulate removal, are directed into the preheater.

id-US7753972B2    abstract-The Portable Renewable Energy System for Enhanced Oil Recovery (“PRESEOR”) is a truck mobile system that reforms biomass into CO 2  and hydrogen, following which the gases are separated, with the CO 2  sequestered underground for enhanced oil recovery (EOR) and the hydrogen used to generate several megawatts of carbon-free electricity. In contrast to large central power plants that are generally not well-located to support EOR, the small PRESEOR can go directly to the oilfields where it is needed, and do so in a timely manner. The PRESEOR sequesters more biomass-derived carbon than is released by the burning of the oil it yields, thereby producing not only carbon-free electricity but carbon-free oil. Using PRESEOR, over 80 billion barrels of U.S. oil would be made recoverable, without the need to drill new wells in pristine areas.

id-US8349283B2    abstract-A metal recovery apparatus recovers metal components from an exhaust gas exhausted from a processing chamber in which a thin film is formed on the surface of a target substrate by using a source gas formed of an organic metal compound serving as a source, and scrubs the exhaust gas. The metal recovery apparatus  66  includes a trap unit having an adsorption member for attaching thereon metal components included in the source gas by heating the exhaust gas and thus thermally decomposing an unreacted source gas included in the exhaust gas; and the scrubbing unit including a catalyzer for oxidizing and thus scrubbing harmful gas components included in the exhaust gas that has flowed through the trap unit.

id-EP2321602B1    abstract-

id-WO2010023105A1    abstract-During the installation of parts in the furnace, a long bed grows inside the furnace and is covered with a cloth surface. In a furnace, at least one burning fuel is poured into the combustion zone and the resulting exhaust stream is loaded. Quasi-mode operation,Schachtofen Materialbett- Oberflachentemperatur from 900°C to 1100°C, stopped as a means of NO x reduction above Materialbettoberflache admitted.
id-US20100071598A1    abstract-The carbon monoxide and hydrocarbon content of flue gas in a cement clinker production apparatus is lowered by feeding a high velocity stream of hot oxygen into the flue gas. Methods and apparatus for producing the hot oxygen stream are disclosed.

id-EP2172727A2    abstract-The smoke afferent has a (1) disc containing a dome heat afferent of gas (13) passing through a coolant (11,14). The thermal actuator has an inlet (16) and an outlet (5) leak (13). These gases (13) can at least vertical the coolant (11,14). Through the ventilation medium, the smoke (13) is mainly transported in the vertical direction. In this way, the tank for inhaling the gas is (1) already trained.
id-EP2163654A3    abstract-The invention relates to dust and/or accessories of solidified dust that have been treated with materials, in particular with steel mill manufacturing techniques. Steel slag automatically produces steel slag under the surface of steel slag or steel slag.
id-US9574247B2    abstract-In a method and a device for operating a smelting reduction process, at least part of an export gas from a blast furnace or a reduction unit is thermally utilized in a gas turbine and the exhaust gas of this gas turbine is used in a waste heat steam generator to generate steam. The remaining part of the export gas is fed to a CO 2  separation apparatus, the tail gas thereby obtained being fed to a waste heat steam generator and burned for additional steam generation. The combustible components of the tail gas are sent for thermal utilization in a steam generator, so that the overall energy balance of the thermal use of the export gas is improved. In addition, a further part of the export gas is qualitatively improved by the CO 2  separation apparatus, so as to generate a high-quality reduction gas which can be supplied for metallurgical use.

id-US20150037745A1    abstract-In the method according to the invention for producing cement clinker, raw cement meal is preheated in a preheater, the preheated raw cement meal is precalcined in a calciner and the precalcined raw cement meal is burnt in a kiln, fuel and combustion air having an oxygen content of at least 75 mol % being used in the calciner, and the raw cement meal being precalcined in a fluidised bed in the calciner. The exhaust gases occurring in the kiln are delivered to the preheater, bypassing the calciner, and the exhaust gases of the calciner are delivered to a CO 2  preparation device.

id-WO2010047004A1    abstract-Using the heat from the exhaust gas from the steel arc furnace to generate steam, the amount of steam produced is leveled out to make it easier to use for power generation. Waste heat boilers to recover sensible heat and combustion heat from the exhaust gas from arc furnace 1 for steelmaking are installed in multiple arc furnaces for steelmaking. In this case, it is necessary to combine the saturated steam generated in, and level out the amount of saturated steam generated by merging the saturated steam.
id-WO2010045664A2    abstract-The invention involves a thermal energy composed of (1) a Gluhofen Warmetausch between two animals on which he is like rohrformigen Außenmantel Warmetauscherrippen aufweisenden files before at least one Stirnseite(3) and at least two sides of Stromungsoffnung Anschlussflansch(4)(8), especially with a Heißgas listen. For practical design purposes, it is suggested that a color description image is a color description image tube consisting of a folded sheet, which is a hot ring (7) consisting of a rotating base, especially one wrinkled on the ripple.
id-WO2010040329A1    abstract-The court, especially Industrieprozess at the same time Werkstucke (16, 17) Before and/or during treatment, and/or treatment required temperature and after treatment and/or treatment cooling, so as to energieoptimierte and low cost treatment and/or treatment Werkstucken (16, 17) then form and weitergebildet, do not and you handle or treat the metal The thermal energy of the block (17) can be used to provide heat and/or generate electrical energy. In addition, it is recommended to have an appropriate heat transfer unit (3) and an appropriate heat transfer unit (11) conforming to its compilation method and tool manufacturer (3).
id-WO2010057439A1    abstract-

id-US20100123275A1    abstract-An exhaust stream buffering system is described to temper a temperature profile and reduce a particulate load to permit heat recovery and cleaning. The buffering system may reduce the volatile temperature profile to even the temperature spikes, and produce a more even cyclical temperature profile. When used in steel making facilities, the buffered stream may also be augmented by blast furnace gases to provide additional energy for a heat recovery system.

