id-US11656029B2    abstract-A pressurized cavity is provided around at least a portion or all of a regenerator, within which gas such as flue gas is maintained at a pressure in excess of the pressure within the regenerator, to protect against leakage of gas through the walls of the regenerator.

id-US20190160421A1    abstract-A reduction device, an acid gas recovery device, a recovery device collector, and a first removed substance returning line are provided. The reduction device is configured to perform a reduction process to turn iron oxide to reduced iron by adding a reducing agent. The acid gas recovery device is configured to recover CO2 being acid gas with CO2 absorbing liquid being acid gas absorbing liquid from exhaust gas containing at least powder-shaped iron-based solid substances and the acid gas, which are discharged from the reduction device. The recovery device collector is configured to collect the iron-based solid substance contained in the absorbing liquid with a filter. The iron-based solid substances collected by the recovery device collector are removed, and removed substances containing the removed iron-based solid substances are returned to the reduction device side through the first removed substance returning line.

id-JP2023052959A    abstract-[problem] to provide a method of using it for heat treatment of vertical vibration or sintering and powder material [solution] the heating division for heat treatment of material and the retort division located in or connected to the heating division Therefore, a vertical vibration heat treatment system is disclosed, which is equipped with a retort division and includes at least one elevator system for moving the material vertically into the heating division. The disclosed elevator system is isolated from the rest of the heat treatment classification by the inclusion body, thereby enabling flexibility and simplification in the design of retort classification. A method for using the system described in this article to process materials containing harmful or radioactive materials such as powders, sand, granules, gravel, aggregates or other forms of particles or a combination thereof is also disclosed. [selection diagram] not available
id-EP3366789A1    abstract-The invention relates to a removable cooling cover (14) consisting of a forward tube (38) with a coolant inlet and a tube (40) with a coolant outlet (38) connected. aufwandsgunstige Herstellbarkeit Konverterabgashaube(prayer, sleep) so that Vorlaufrohrleitung(38) and Rucklaufrohrleitung (40) will be proposed as two Langsabschnitte (48, 50) parallel to each other as well as a strange Langsabsc hnitten(48, 50) Administrative law enforcement with Zwischenabschnitt(52), through which Langsabschnitte (48, 50) Each channel (38,40) is fluidleitend up at the same time as the Langsabschnitte (4850) tail pipe and the tail pipe are connected (38). Further, the invention includes the use of the coolant exhaust pipe (14), a cloth strip having the coolant exhaust pipe (8a, 8b), and a cloth strip (14) containing the coolant exhaust pipe, and a cloth strip (8a, 8b) launcher with the coolant exhaust pipe (2).
id-WO2018177998A1    abstract-The invention relates to a regenerator assembly and an inlet arrangement for collection of carry over (10) for a vertical regenerator (80) of an end-port furnace (90) comprising: - an inlet wall comprising an opening for a port for gas exchange, e.g. towards or from an end-port furnace; - a target wall being arranged such, that most of the via the inlet wall incoming hot gas is initially deflected at the target wall; - a barrier wall comprising a recess for gas exchange, e.g. from or towards a pass of the regenerator, - a (at least one) delimiting wall or walls, such as a floor and/or a roof and/or a sidewall; - the inlet wall, the target wall, the barrier wall and the delimiting wall or walls define the inlet arrangement for collection of carry over such that a gas flow entering the inlet arrangement for collection of carry over via the port will exit the inlet arrangement for collection of carry over via the recess or vice versa; - and the ratio between the area of the barrier wall and the total area in the plane of the barrier wall, limited by the delimiting wall or walls, such as the floor, the roof, the inlet wall and the target wall, is in the range of 20% to 40%.

id-JPWO2018180155A1    abstract-A vacuum degreasing sintering furnace for degreasing and sintering of the sintered body containing resin is arranged inside the furnace body and the heating chamber for heating the sintered body; A recovery part for recovering resin discharged from the sintered body through degreasing treatment. The discharge path part includes a main path part connecting the heating chamber and the recovery part and a branch path part branching from the main path part inside the furnace body and connecting to the discharge outlet.
id-WO2018218113A1    abstract-A cooling system for a decoating system may include a kiln sprayer configured to selectively inject a coolant into the kiln to control a temperature of a gas within the kiln. The cooling system may also include a return sprayer configured to selectively cool a gas flowing from the afterburner to the kiln with a coolant. Alternatively or additionally, a heat exchange system for a decoating system may be used that includes a heat exchanger and a steam generator. The heat exchanger is configured to cool a gas flowing from the afterburner to the kiln, and the steam generator is configured to cool gas discharged from the afterburner and not directed to the heat exchanger.

id-US11591247B2    abstract-Installation including an industrial glass furnace ( 1 ) including a tank ( 2 ) for molten glass ( 3 ), a combustion heating chamber ( 4 ) situated above the tank ( 2 ), and a duct for evacuation of flue gases in communication with said heating chamber ( 4 ), and a stone furnace including a firing zone ( 21 ) for stone to be fired, the flue gas evacuation duct including a flue gas outlet that is connected to the firing zone ( 21 ) of stone to be fired and supplying the firing zone ( 21 ) of stone to be fired with flue gases at high temperature.

id-WO2018218338A1    abstract-A method of heat recovery from bulk solids includes introducing the bulk solids into an inlet of a heat exchanger for indirect heat exchange with water as the bulk solids flow, by gravity, from the inlet to an outlet of the heat exchanger, pumping the water into subcritical heating heat transfer elements within the heat exchanger for indirect heat exchange with the bulk solids to heat the water and thereby provide heated, pressurized water, and flashing off steam from the heated, pressurized water.

id-WO2018220520A1    abstract-A plant for the abatement of nitrogen oxides and their mixtures present in the fumes of parallel-flow regenerative lime kilns, comprising a first ducting (11), which collects the combustion fumes coming from the outlet of the two shafts of said kiln (10); said plant being characterized in that it comprises: a heater (20) for heating the fumes flowing in said ducting (11) and supplying heated fumes to a second ducting (24); an injector (21) for injecting an ammonia solution into said second ducting (24), which is mixed with the flowing fumes; a third ducting (25), exiting from said injector (21), which carries said ammonia solution and said flowing fumes to a filter (32), said filter (32) being a catalytic filter; and a fourth ducting (34), downstream of said filter (32), which carries the residual fumes to a stack (36); said heater (20) heating the fumes to a temperature higher than 150°C; said injector (21) injecting into said second ducting (24) an amount of ammonia solution lower than 5 l/h; and said catalytic filter (32) comprising a vanadium-oxide-based catalytic fabric.

id-WO2018234126A1    abstract-This is a (10) furnace (10) for thermal treatment, in particular carbonization and/or graphitization, of materials, in particular fibers (12), in particular fibers (14) used as oxidized nitroso polymers, with which a tar (heat) is released. The furnace (10) consists of a box (16), an inside of its shell (18)(16)Prozessraum(22), due to the limited assets of the Prozessraumgehause (24), and which hindurchfuhrbar passes Heizsystem(32), by which Prozessraum (22) rules Prozessraum Atmosphare (30)aufheizbar Abzugsystem(48), is by which Pyrolysegas are followed The Prozessraumatmosphare tired (30 years old) from the Prozessraum absaugbar is. (22) The pouring out system (48) has at least one suction device (52), with a path (52) wide connected to the processor (22) through a suction tube (62). A part (62) of the processor space (22) that is responsible for the delivery pipe (62); There is a temperature in the furnace (10) where there is no or moderate chemical reaction between the furnace and the processor box (24) and/or the tea ceremony wall (58).
id-EP3421619B1    abstract-

id-EP3645181B1    abstract-

id-JP7191866B2    abstract-

id-US20200199459A1    abstract-A furnace having a convection section with convection tubes in a convection compartment is disclosed. The convection tubes receive and preheat hydrocarbon feed primarily by convection of heat from hot flue gas that flows into in the convection section. The convection section additionally includes a perforated distributor plate that prevents flow channeling of the hot flue gas as it flows into the convection section. The furnace also includes a radiant section having radiant tubes in a radiant compartment. The radiant tubes are in fluid communication with the convection tubes so that preheated hydrocarbon feed flows from the convection section to the radiant section. The radiant section burns fuel and heats the preheated hydrocarbon feed primarily by radiation and from the hot flue gas, which flows from the radiant section into the convection section.

id-JP2019015462A    abstract-[challenges] when the workpiece is heat-treated in a heat treatment furnace equipped with thermal storage burners on the ceiling and the body of the furnace, flame contact with the workpiece is suppressed and the inside of the furnace is heated efficiently. [solution] When the combustion operation and storage operation are alternately switched between the thermal storage burner 20 on the ceiling side and the thermal storage burner 30 on the body side at the ceiling side, the thermal storage burner is heated during the combustion operation of the thermal storage burner on the ceiling side. The combustion air is rotated along the inner circumference of the cylindrical guide path 23 on the side of the ceiling and supplied from the supply and exhaust port 24 on the side of the ceiling to the inside of the furnace 10, and the fuel is burned while rotating. Combustion air is supplied along the inside of the cylinder through the cylinder guide path 32 from the cylinder feed and exhaust port 31, and the fuel is burned while circling along the inside of the cylinder. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-US20190024980A1    abstract-A duct system of an electric arc furnace includes a plurality of walls each including sinuously winding piping having an inlet and an outlet, and a portion of a first wall of the plurality of walls forming a working platform. The platform is movable between a raised position and a lowered position. In the raised position, the portion of the first wall is disposed in proximate vertical alignment with the remainder of the first wall. In the lowered position, the portion of the first wall is disposed substantially perpendicularly to the remainder of the first wall. The portion of the first wall is sized to occupy a cross-sectional area formed by the plurality of walls such that the portion of the first wall is disposed in close proximity to the other of the plurality of walls.

id-WO2019016783A1    abstract-A method and kiln for the thermal treatment (in particular for the firing) of basic ceramic articles (BC); the kiln (4) comprises a conveying device for conveying the basic ceramic articles (BC) along a given path (P) through a firing chamber (6), in the area of which the basic ceramic articles (BC) are heated; compounds (in particular organic compounds) evaporated from the basic ceramic articles (BC) are removed in the form of gas from the chamber (6), condensed in a water-containing fluid (22) and separated following flocculation so as to obtain a treated liquid (25); said treated liquid (25) is basified and recycled to obtain the water-containing fluid.

id-EP3672919B1    abstract-

id-US20190063013A1    abstract-An auxiliary single-pass tube bundle heat exchanger for improving the melting efficiency of melter kettles used to melt thermoplastic pavement marking materials. The auxiliary single-pass tube bundle heat exchanger includes a heat transfer tube bundle having a plurality of heat transfer tubes in which the flow of molten thermoplastic material reverses directions at least once. Hot heat transfer oils flows around the plurality of heat transfer tubes. Vertical material transfer tubes connect between the bottom of the melter kettle and the top of the auxiliary single-pass tube bundle heat exchanger and between the bottom of the auxiliary single-pass tube bundle heat exchanger and the top of the melter kettle. Augers within the vertical material transfer tubes driven by reversible drive motors cause molten thermoplastic material to flow from the bottom of the melter kettle, through the auxiliary single-pass tube bundle heat exchanger, and into the top of the melter kettle.

id-EP3663418A4    abstract-

id-US20210123110A1    abstract-A plant complex for pig iron production may include a furnace and a furnace gas conduit system for a furnace gas quantity stream that comprises nitrogen, carbon monoxide, and carbon dioxide. The plant complex may also include a hydrogen source, an H 2  gas conduit system for a hydrogen-containing gas quantity stream emitted from the hydrogen source, a mixing apparatus for establishing a mixed gas formed from the furnace gas stream and the hydrogen-containing gas quantity stream. The mixing apparatus may be connected to the furnace gas conduit system and to the H 2  gas conduit system. The mixed gas established may have a stoichiometric mixing quotient formed from a dividend with a difference value between molar amounts of hydrogen as minuend and carbon dioxide as subtrahend and of a divisor with a sum value of molar amounts of carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide. The plant complex may also include a mixed gas conduit system and a chemical plant connected to the mixed gas conduit system.

id-US11668526B2    abstract-The present invention belongs to the technical field of metallurgy, and discloses a horizontal continuous feeding preheating device and an enhanced preheating method therefor. The scheme comprises that two dust removal ports are arranged at the front and rear parts of a horizontal continuous feeding preheating duct, and the horizontal continuous feeding preheating duct is divided into an enhanced preheating area and a flue gas preheating area by the two dust removal ports arranged at the front and rear parts of the horizontal continuous feeding preheating duct; burners are installed in the enhanced preheating area, and the two dust removal ports are connected with a flue gas adjusting distributor respectively by a flue gas pipeline the steel scrap preheating efficiency of the burners and electric arc furnace flue gas is increased by controlling the flow rate and temperature of mixed flue gas.

id-WO2019062597A1    abstract-The utility model relates to a comprehensive recovery and utilization system for waste heat of ceramic kiln, including: Auxiliary gas main (200), gas main (300) and furnace body (100), the two ends of the furnace body (100) are respectively provided with an inlet (101) and an outlet (102), and the furnace body (100) includes a flue gas waste heat recovery area (103), cooling area (105) and sintering area (104). The top wall of the flue gas waste heat recovery area (103) is connected with a flue gas main (110), the flue gas main (110) is connected with a first flue gas pipeline (120), and the first flue gas pipeline (120) is connected with the first heat exchanger (400). The first heat exchanger (400) comprises a high-temperature flue gas inlet (401), a low-temperature flue gas outlet (402), a cold air inlet (403) and a hot air outlet (404), and a high-temperature flue gas inlet (401) is connected with the first flue gas pipeline (120). The hot air outlet (404) is connected to the auxiliary gas main (200) through the hot air line (130); The furnace body (100) is connected with a hot air pipeline (150) on the side wall of the cooling zone (105), and the hot air pipeline (150) is connected with the second heat exchanger (600). The second heat exchanger (600) comprises a hot air inlet (601), a cold air outlet (602), a cold gas inlet (603) and a hot gas outlet (604). The hot gas outlet (604) is connected to the gas main (300) by a hot gas line (160).
id-WO2019052573A1    abstract-The utility model relates to an energy saving and environmental protection combustion system of a flue gas assisted combustion type industrial furnace, which comprises a furnace body (100), a burner (200) and a heat exchanger (300). The furnace body (100) is provided with a first flue (110) and a second flue (120); The burner (200) is provided with a first inlet (201) and a second inlet (202); The heat exchanger (300) is provided with a high temperature flue gas inlet (310), a cold air inlet (320), a low temperature flue gas outlet (330) and a hot air outlet (340). The high temperature flue gas inlet (310) is connected with the first flue (110), and the low temperature flue gas outlet (330) is connected with the chimney (400). The cold air inlet (320) is connected with the first fan (F1), the hot air outlet (340) is connected with the first inlet (201) of the burner (200), and the second flue (120) is connected with the second inlet (202). Burners (200) include: A central tube (240), an inner tube (230) placed outside the central tube (240), an outer tube (210) placed outside the inner tube (230), and a circular platform mixing chamber (220) connected between the outer tube (210) and the furnace body (100), The first inlet (201) is communicated with the first annular space (270) formed between the outer wall of the center tube (240) and the inner wall of the inner cylinder (230), and the second inlet (202) is communicated with the second annular space (280) formed between the outer wall of the inner cylinder (230) and the inner wall of the outer cylinder (210).
id-US20190074200A1    abstract-According to an embodiment, a semiconductor manufacturing apparatus includes a holder configured to hold a processing object, a heater provided at the holder and configured to heat the processing object, a first exhaust port provided above the holder and facing the holder, and an exhaust duct. The exhaust duct is provided on an outer side surface of the first exhaust port and includes an extension and contraction function.

id-US20190093878A1    abstract-A waste heat recovery boiler in producing glass beads includes an equipment base arranged at the lower part of the waste heat recovery boiler. The upper part of the equipment base is connected with a cylindrical combustion production chamber, the lower part of the combustion production chamber is provided with a raw material inlet with single-layer or staggered layers. A finished product outlet is arranged at the lower end inside the combustion diffusion chamber, a membrane wall is arranged outside the combustion diffusion chamber, a steam-water lead-out straight tube system is symmetrically arranged at the upper end of the combustion diffusion chamber, a top annular water collecting tank is connected between the steam-water lead-out straight tube system and a steam-water lead-out tube system, and the steam-water lead-out tube system is connected with an upper drum.

id-US20230003454A1    abstract-Techniques for utilizing excess heat generated by an oven to generate electricity are provided. In one example, an oven can comprise a coolant pathway positioned adjacent to a hollow space within the oven, wherein the hollow space can contain heat. The oven can also comprise a chamber in fluid communication with the coolant pathway. The oven can further comprise a turbine in fluid communication with the chamber and an outlet. Moreover, the oven can comprise a generator connected to the turbine, wherein rotation of the turbine can power the generator.

id-JP2022136289A    abstract-[challenges] further limit NOx emissions from oxygen combustion furnaces in plants for combustion processes. According to the invention, the equipment includes an oven 12 for heating the material. The burner 16 is configured to burn the carbon-based fuel with oxidized gas to provide flame into the furnace. Oxidation gas has at least 80 wt % oxygen. The furnace has exhaust outlets 20 and 22 that provide connection between the furnace and flue 26. The exhaust outlet is configured to remove the exhaust gas produced during the combustion of carbon-based fuels from the furnace into the flue stream. Nozzle 30 located in the flue is configured to inject ammonia into the flue to reduce NOx emissions in the exhaust gas. Select diagram: figure 6
id-US20200276537A1    abstract-A process for the production of formaldehyde is disclosed. The process comprises feeding a feed stream comprising methanol to a reactor; converting the methanol to formaldehyde in the reactor using a mixed oxide catalyst to produce a process stream comprising formaldehyde; separating formaldehyde from the process stream to create a product stream comprising formaldehyde and a waste gas stream; feeding at least part of the waste gas stream to a steam condenser to raise the temperature of the at least part of the waste gas stream to create a heated waste gas stream; and feeding the heated waste gas stream to a catalytic combustion bed to catalytically combust components of the heated waste gas stream to create a combusted waste gas stream.

id-WO2019076567A1    abstract-The invention relates to the Schrottvorwarmeinrichtung (10) for the furnace (50 years old), at least basically level the control Fordereinrichtung (15) introduces the garbage (5) between Eingabebereich(17) and the garbage (5) Fordereinric htung(15) and an ubergabebereich (19) garbage (5) Fordereinrichtung (15) into the furnace (50) simultaneously Fordereinrichtung (15) at least Eingabebereich(17) and ubergabebe reich(19) introduced aufweisenden in at least a largely closed way Schrottvorwarmgehause (12), or in Schrottvorwarmgehause v. (12) Forderstrecke trash (5) of Berlin was covered up,Absaugeinrichtung(48) to suck fart from the furnace (50), while training A bsaugeinrichtung (48), such as cigarette emission zones (19) are reduced to input zones (17).
id-WO2019108812A1    abstract-A materials processing furnace provides for debinding and sintering objects and treating effluent generated by the sintering. A heating chamber maintains a controlled atmosphere for sintering the object. A vacuum pump evacuates an effluent from the heating chamber, and an injector adds a reagent to the evacuated effluent to form a mixed gas. A catalytic converter receives the mixed gas and catalyzes one or more hazardous or offensive compounds of the effluent, thereby converting the effluent to a safer and less offensive exhaust. As a result, the furnace is suitable for operation in an office environment.

id-US11519599B2    abstract-The invention discloses an opposed-injection aluminum melting furnace uniform combustion system which comprises: a furnace body, a first heat storage unit, a second heat storage unit, and four fuel injection guns disposed diagonally on two end walls of the furnace body comprising a first fuel injection gun located on the first end wall of the furnace body adjacent to the second heat storage unit, a second fuel injection gun located on the second end wall of the furnace body adjacent to the first heat storage unit, a third fuel injection gun on the second end wall of the furnace body adjacent to the second heat storage unit, and a fourth fuel injection gun located on the first end wall of the furnace body adjacent to the first heat storage unit, the gas injection direction of the first fuel injection gun is parallel with that of the second fuel injection gun with a spacing H between the axes thereof, the gas injection direction of the third fuel injection gun is parallel with that of the fourth fuel injection gun, with a spacing H between the axes thereof, and the spacing H between the axes is set to a quarter to one tenth of the furnace body width, such that the gas entering the chamber are oppositely-injected to form a swirling flow.

id-US20200353517A1    abstract-Various embodiments of the present disclosure can include at least one of a method, apparatus and system for the efficient melting of a feedstock to at least one of a molten and vitrified state to be used in a manufacturing system comprised of: a melter to which the feedstock is provided; and a heat recovery system configured to capture exhaust waste heat produced by the melter, wherein the heat recovery system transfers an energy recovered from the exhaust waste heat to pre-heat the feedstock provided to the melter.

id-EP3710767B1    abstract-

id-WO2019092596A1    abstract-The present invention relates to an assembly for treating items, such as tiles or slabs, printed by digital printing or screen printing of inks or glazes, comprising: - a drying unit (2) of the printed items; - a cooking unit or oven (3) of the printed and dried items, the cooking unit or oven (3) being located downstream of the drying unit (2) or being in any case adapted to receive and subsequently treat the items treated in the latter;

id-EP3666372A1    abstract-A flue gas mixing device and method include a flue entrance section (11), a throat section (22) and a flue exit section (12) that are sequentially communicated, where a plurality of air inlet holes (221) are circumferentially arranged on a side wall of the throat section (22), an annular cavity (3) is arranged on an outer periphery of the throat section (22) and connected to an annular cold exhaust gas branch pipe (31); a necking section (21), connected between the flue entrance section (11) and the throat section (22); and a flaring section (23), connected between the throat section (22) and the flue exit section (12).

id-US20210225545A1    abstract-Recycling of low and medium radioactivity nuclear waste from VVER and RBMK reactors and other nuclear installations.The invention uses a recycling plant consisting of a waste feed unit; a plasma shaft-type furnace with a melter in the hearth of the furnace and a slug discharge unit connected with a receiving tank for molten slug; an air supply unit delivering air to the furnace to a pyrolysis gas combustion chamber; an evaporative heat exchanger for sharp reduction of the flue gases temperature; a gas purification unit with a sock-type filter; a heat-exchanger and a scrubber; pumps and tanks for agents and recycled products; fittings; and at least, one control module which is electrically connected to the slug discharge control module, an interior environment control module, an equipment status control module and, at least, one gas analytical module.

id-WO2019117408A1    abstract-본 invention as dissolved aluminum row, more detail about the materials used to produce aluminum products (successively reserving, etc.) and can be easily dissolved emissions, so they can be used to train the dagger, maximize the thermal efficiency and safety using dissolved aluminum continuous so that it can be about. 본 aluminum continuous melting according to train of invention formed a dagger, burner heat emission when I bath when does not escape, and even train a dagger formed on the upper loadings raw material when the raw material supply, safe and bath tower does not rotate together when emissions, rotating and that tang room with dissolved because components are simple, convenient operation, and Even when the furnace is rotating, the upper part is opened by the heat shield door, which preserves heat and produces good thermal efficiency.
