id-US20150204579A1    abstract-A secondary heat exchanger for use in a condensing gas-fired HVAC appliance including at least one conduit, including a non-circular transverse cross-sectional geometry. In one instance, the at least one conduit penetrates and is in contact with at least one plate fin. In another instance a fin is affixed to the at least one conduit.

id-US20160339381A1    abstract-Methods for the heat treatment of a material flow and the cleaning of resulting exhaust gases are disclosed. The material flow may be preheated in a preheating zone, burned in a sintering zone, and cooled in a cooling zone. Exhaust gases of the sintering zone may flow through a preheater and be used for preheating the material flow. The exhaust gases leaving the preheater may be cooled at least partially in a comminuting device in interconnected operation or at least partially in a cooling device in direct operation. Exhaust gases may then be at least partly dedusted in a dust filter. A temperature of the dedusted exhaust gas may then be raised before the exhaust gas is cleaned of pollutants in at least one catalyst. A temperature at which the exhaust gases flow through the catalyst in direct operation may be higher, at least in phases, than a temperature at which the exhaust gases flow through the catalyst in interconnected operation.

id-US10337076B2    abstract-A method for reducing metal oxide containing charge materials ( 1 ): reducing the metal oxide containing charge materials ( 1 ) in at least two fluidized bed units (RA,RE) by means of a reduction gas ( 2 ), wherein at least some of the resulting off-gas ( 3 ) is recycled and wherein the metal oxide containing charge materials ( 1 ) are conveyed into the fluidized bed unit RE by a propellant gas. Also, apparatus for carrying out the method according to the invention is disclosed.

id-US20150306541A1    abstract-A method is provided for separating hydrogen sulfide and carbon dioxide from an offgas stream from a direct reduced iron furnace. The offgas is directed to a separation device which will separate the carbon dioxide and hydrogen sulfide using a hydrogen sulfide absorber and a carbon dioxide absorber. The hydrogen sulfide can be recycled for reuse in the furnace and the carbon dioxide recovered for other additional uses.

id-JP2017511291A    abstract-The invention relates to a method of producing a cement clinker in a continuous production facility (1) having at least one combustion zone (2, 2 ') for the combustion of fuel for the burning of inorganic raw materials. In this method, the raw material is converted into a clinker by burning, thereby obtaining a hot clinker (3), which is then cooled in two consecutive steps, and the first cooling step is the first Perform in cooler (4) and the second cooling step in cooler (5). According to the invention, the first cooling step is continuously performed by blowing oxygen gas (6) into a high-temperature clinker to obtain a partially cooled clinker, which is heated acid produced by the first cooler (4). All of the natural gas (7) is transmitted to at least one of the combustion zones (2, 2 ') of the equipment and is used as combustion gas by adjusting the amount of oxygen gas blown into the first cooler, thereby burning the equipment. To meet the demand for the burned gas without excess, the partially cooled clinker (31) is stored in the storage chamber of the second cooler (5) or even in the storage chamber associated with the second cooler, and the second cooling step is described as: This is done intermittently in a partially cooled clinker.
id-WO2015164053A1    abstract-Disclosed is a method of operating a furnace (1) containing a charge to heat the charge, comprising wherein gaseous oxidant (15) comprising 60 vol.% to 85 vol.% oxygen is passed through a heated regenerator and into the furnace, so that the oxidant is heated to emerge from an oxidant port (20) at a temperature of 500°C to 1400°C, and gaseous fuel is fed into said furnace through two or more fuel ports (21, 22); and the heated oxidant and fuel are combusted in the furnace to produce gaseous hot products of said combustion which heat the charge; and then the flow of oxidant through the regenerator into the furnace is discontinued, and said combustion products are passed into said oxidant port and through and out of said cooled regenerator to heat said regenerator, wherein the temperature of the combustion products that pass out of said regenerator is at least 500°C; position of the fuel ports with respect to the oxidant port as well as oxidant and fuel velocities are controlled.

id-US20170115062A1    abstract-An apparatus for producing cement clinker, comprising a kiln for calcining raw materials to form cement clinker, comprising a preheating stage for preheating the raw materials in a counter-flow to kiln off-gases, comprising a clinker cooler for cooling the cement clinker, comprising a denoxing stage for denoxing kiln off-gases, comprising a heat exchanger for heating the kiln off-gases upstream of the denoxing stage by heat exchange with a heat exchange medium, comprising at least one further heat exchanger for heating the heat exchange medium by heat exchange with kiln off-gases or exhaust air of the clinker cooler, wherein the heat exchanger is connected to the further heat exchanger via a line for the heat exchange medium, wherein a hot gas filter is arranged in the flow direction upstream of the further heat exchanger.

id-EP2950024A1    abstract-The present invention relates to an Industrieofen, in particular a continuing operation of an Industrieofen, led by a Brenngut furnace and a Verbrennungsgasen aufgeheizt can be fired at a specified temperature in a Brennzone, then propagated by Kuhlzone through Gegenstrom Brenngut gas cooling, at the same time, this Brenngas first together generate electricity to the furnace Kraft Warme - a Blockheizkraftwerk Kopplung curious and/or use Hochtemperaturbrennstoffzelle and exhaust gas generating this warming The Verbrennungsluft drop or Aufheiz is used for planning and/or Brennzone drops.
id-EP3161400B1    abstract-

id-EP2959966A1    abstract-A method for calcination of a carbon dioxide rich sorbent (containing CaCO 3 ) comprises combusting in a furnace (2) a fuel with an oxidizer, supplying heat transfer (HT) solids into the furnace (2) and heating them, transferring the HT solid particles from the furnace (2) to a reactor (3) having a rotatable container (51), supplying a carbon dioxide rich solid sorbent (containing CaCO 3 ) into the rotatable container (51), rotating the rotatable container (51) for mixing the solid particles and the carbon dioxide rich solid sorbent for transferring heat from the solid particles to the carbon dioxide rich solid sorbent and generating carbon dioxide and carbon dioxide lean solid sorbent (mainly CaO), discharging the carbon dioxide and the carbon dioxide lean solid sorbent from the rotatable container (51) and the subsequent classification of the HT solids from the lean sorbent.

id-US11286939B2    abstract-A molten metal rotor receives and retains an end of a molten metal rotor shaft. The rotor shaft has one or more projections at the end received in the rotor. The rotor has an inner cavity, a top surface with an opening leading to the inner cavity, and at least one abutment. The opening includes one or more portions for allowing each projection to pass through the opening and into the inner cavity. The rotor and/or shaft are then rotated so at least one of the outwardly-extending projections is under the top surface of the rotor and is against an abutment. A molten metal pump, rotary degasser scrap melter or other device used in molten metal may utilize a rotor/shaft combination as disclosed herein.

id-JP6185435B2    abstract-

id-US20160017446A1    abstract-The invention relates to a process of melting metal using a gaseous fuel, a liquid fuel or a pulverized solid fuel in a reverberatory furnace (FIG.  1 ) consisting of a hearth ( 1 ), an sloped melting chamber ( 2 ) a vertical refractory grid ( 4 ), a burner ( 3 ), a recuperator ( 5 ) to transfer heat from waste gas and products of combustion to fresh oxygen bearing gases, whereas a burner system is installed on the hearth for combustion of the fuel and oxygen bearing gas, the hearth under the burner acts as a superheater to achieve the temperature necessary for alloying and to receive the molten metal cascading from the sloped melting chamber, the sloped melting chamber being fed from one end by the rising gas products of combustion and in which the waste gases are subject to post-combustion of carbon monoxide and volatiles before passing through a recuperator or a regenerator to pre-heat the oxygen bearing gases necessary for combustion.

id-US20140353887A1    abstract-A metallurgical heat treating system with heat recovery is disclosed herein. The metallurgical heat treating system includes a conveyor, a first furnace, a second furnace, a cooling section, a preheating section, and a heat recovery duct. The conveyor conveys material in a conveying direction. The first furnace, the second furnace, the cooling section, and the preheating section are in thermal communication with the conveyor. The second furnace is disposed downstream of the first furnace in the conveying direction. The cooling section is disposed downstream of the second furnace in the conveying direction. The preheating section is disposed upstream of the first furnace in the conveying direction. The heat recovery duct is in fluid communication with the cooling section and the preheating section for a convective transfer of heat therebetween.

id-US20160052048A1    abstract-A furnace assembly for dewaxing investment casting molds includes a housing having a top and a bottom and sides and extends along an axis to define a cavity. A plurality of tiles are supported in a spaced relationship with the bottom of the housing and define a pair of lower chambers for directing the wax vapors out of the cavity. A plurality of trays having apertures are supported by the tiles for moving molds through the housing. Chimneys connect to the lower chambers and a passageway is defined by the tiles for evacuating the wax and wax vapors from the cavity to the lower chambers and out through the chimneys. A pair of lower burners extends into the lower chambers for igniting wax vapors in said lower chambers. The heat from the lower chambers radiantly heats up portions of the furnace assembly that are disposed above the lower chambers.

id-US20170160013A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a denitration and waste heat recovery integrated furnace, comprising a denitration system, a desulfurization system and a waste heat recovery system. An air outlet of the denitration system is connected to an inlet of a dust collector ( 4 ), an outlet of the dust collector ( 4 ) is connected to an air inlet of the desulfurization system, an air outlet of the desulfurization system is connected to an air compressor ( 6 ) of the waste heat recovery system, and the waste heat recovered by the air compressor ( 6 ) is used for heat energy utilization of other departments.

id-WO2016034367A1    abstract-The invention consists of a tailing tailing ion adsorbent for a purification process and a purification plant. In addition, the invention includes the use of tailing exhaust adsorbent to introduce air into the internal combustion engine and provide pollutants in the exhaust gas drying purification process. Through this lead Flussrichtung exhaust gas is modified repeatedly, while the exhaust gas is first in a Flussrichtung phase 1 Absorptionsbereich I, followed by the first phase of Heizbereich final second Absorptionsbereich II filled your heart and switched to the keyboard after exhaust first made another Absorptionsbereich II, then Heizbereich(23 years old) and the last of the first Absorptionsbe reich I fill your heart.
id-JPWO2016051572A1    abstract-The challenge is to provide a regenerative rotary kiln that can reduce the ratio of flammable gas in the waste gas and the cost of producing superheated steam. The regenerative rotary kiln (1) generates the superheated steam generation part (2), which can be rotated around the axis, and supplies the superheated steam, while heating the carbon fiber reinforced resin (10) with matrix resin and carbon fiber In this way, A tube body (3) with A heating section (A) for generating flammable gas (10g) from the matrix resin and extracting carbon fiber (10s) from the carbon fiber reinforced resin (10) is arranged outside the tube body (3) and from the heating section (A) Heat is supplied to generate superheated steam by combusting the introduced gas (10g) from the first combustion chamber (43a) and the introduced gas (10g) from the first combustion chamber (43a). It is characterized by having a second combustion chamber (43b) and.
id-US20200216357A1    abstract-Method and installation for calcining cement raw meal in a calciner whereby fuel and a calciner oxidant having an oxygen content of at least 30% vol are introduced into the calciner so as to generate either an oxidant-lean zone or a fuel-lean zone in the calciner located between the lowermost fuel inlet level and the lowermost oxidant inlet level of the calciner, between 50% and 100% by weight of the raw meal being supplied to the calciner upstream of and/or within the oxidant-lean, respectively the fuel-lean zone.

id-JP6415714B2    abstract-

