id-US20220236009A1    abstract-A kiln system is provided, including a drying section, a preheating section, a firing section, a soaking section, a cooling section, and a decarburization section arranged between the drying section and the preheating section. The decarburization section includes an ignition zone, a hot air combustion/pyrolysis zone, and a waste heat recovery pipeline. A heat source is introduced into the ignition zone so that the temperature of the ceramsite of the raw materials with heating values in the zone is 400° C. to 900° C. The hot air combustion/pyrolysis zone is configured for combusting or pyrolyzing carbon-containing materials and organic components in the raw materials with heating values in the ceramsite. The waste heat recovery pipeline is configured for discharging decarburization exhaust gas and recovering heat released after the raw materials with heating values in the ceramsite are combusted or pyrolyzed in the decarburization exhaust gas.

id-WO2022160792A1    abstract-The invention relates to a cold rolled annealing furnace waste hydrogen recovery and utilization system, comprising a waste hydrogen treatment pipeline connected with the annealing furnace. A pretreatment tower, a waste hydrogen compressor, a pressure shift adsorption tower and a deoxidation drying tower are arranged on the waste hydrogen treatment pipeline in sequence along the direction of waste hydrogen flow. The pressure swing adsorption tower is provided with a second adsorbent layer for adsorption and denitrification. In addition, a cold rolled annealing furnace hydrogen supply system using the waste hydrogen recycling system of the cold rolled annealing furnace is also involved. By removing the emulsion and water contained in the waste hydrogen in the pretreatment tower, pressurizing the waste hydrogen by using the waste hydrogen compressor, removing nitrogen in the waste hydrogen by using the pressure swing adsorption tower, and removing oxygen in the waste hydrogen by using the deoxidation drying tower, the high purity hydrogen satisfying the annealing furnace process requirements can be obtained, the waste hydrogen in the annealing furnace can be recovered and utilized, and the energy consumption and production cost of the annealing furnace production can be reduced.
id-WO2022153718A1    abstract-The reactor is filled with a catalyst for decomposition of raw material ammonia into hydrogen and nitrogen, and a dilution gas with a lower concentration of ammonia than the raw material is mixed with the raw material before the raw material flows into the catalyst. The inside of the reactor is covered with refractory materials and the catalyst is filled on the opposite side of the inside of the refractory materials.
id-WO2022149536A1    abstract-Gas manufacturing equipment 1 consists of connecting part 2 that provides exhaust gas including CO 2 and reducing agent 4r containing metal oxide that produces CO through reduction of CO 2, H 2 that reduces reducing agent 4r in the oxidized state through contact with CO 2. Reduction gas supply unit 3 including reduction gas supply unit 3, multiple reactors 4a ~ 4d connected to connection unit 2 and reduction gas supply unit 3 respectively, and reducing agent 4r contained in each reactor 4a ~ 4d, which are supplied to each reactor 4a ~ 4d A plurality of reactors 4a ~ 4d includes a first reactor and a second reactor, in which the reduction gas is supplied when the exhaust gas is supplied to the first reactor, and the first reactor and the second reactor. At least one of them is more than two.
id-WO2022146146A3    abstract-A System & Process to utilize waste, associated or flared gas from oil and gas production, petroleum refineries and chemical plants in the manufacturing of proppants and kilns used in the industrial processes, using it in kilns, ovens or furnaces in processes requiring thermal treatment of materials

id-EP4036253A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a process for the valorization of used alkaline and/or saline batteries, possibly added to used NiMH accumulators, as well as a device for the valorization of used alkaline and/or saline batteries, possibly added to used NiMH accumulators, The device comprises :- a metal melting furnace;- a system for charging spent batteries;- a system for stirring the liquid metal bath in the tank;- a system for removing the slag from the surface of the liquid metal bath;- a system for oxidizing the gases;- a system for treating the oxidized gases in the roof of the furnace.
id-WO2022167970A1    abstract-A method of extracting lithium from a raw material mixture, comprising the steps of introducing a raw material mixture into a rotary kiln, subjecting the raw material mixture to a thermal treatment in the rotary kiln for melting the raw material mixture and to form alkali metal chlorides in gaseous form, maintaining the melt at a temperature of > 1150°C to allow the melt to flow to a kiln outlet of the rotary kiln, drawing off the exhaust gas together with kiln dust and the gaseous alkali metal chlorides, quenching the exhaust gas together with the kiln dust and the gaseous alkali metal chlorides thereby condensing the alkali metal chlorides on the surface of the kiln dust, separating the condensed alkali metal chlorides from the exhaust gas, mixing the condensed alkali metal chlorides with water to obtain an aqueous solution of alkali metal chlorides, and separating the aqueous solution of alkali metal chlorides from the kiln dust.

id-WO2022172769A1    abstract-Reducing manufacturing costs by increasing the temperature of molten iron. It is an electric furnace equipped with a preheating chamber, a melting chamber, a cold iron source support machine that can divide the preheating chamber into the first and second preheating Chambers, an extruding machine, and an imaging device that can observe the second preheating chamber. The melting process, the heating process, the preheating process, and the steelmaking process are used. According to the molten iron production method, during the heating process, based on the visual information obtained from the image device in the second preheating chamber after the cooling iron source support machine is closed, the heating of the molten iron begins.
id-WO2022166740A1    abstract-The invention relates to a cracking gas heat recovery device and a method, wherein the cracking gas comprises a liquid raw material cracking gas and a gas raw material cracking gas, and the device comprises a liquid raw material cracking gas heat recovery facility, a gas raw material cracking gas heat recovery facility and a recombination separation and removal unit. The invention solves the problems of incomplete pyrolysis gas heat recovery technology, insufficient quenching oil viscosity control, high equipment investment, large footprint, unstable device operation and high energy consumption in the prior art.
id-US20220275936A1    abstract-A cooling system is configured to cool exhaust gases exiting a furnace of a steel production system through an exhaust hood, a dropout box, and a hot gas duct of the steel production system. The cooling system includes an inlet configured to receive water from a water pump for cooling the exhaust gases, and an outlet configured to exhaust the water from the cooling system. The cooling system further includes a first water line configured to supply the water to the exhaust hood of the steel production system for cooling the exhaust gas received therein, and a second water line configured to supply the water to the dropout box of the steel production system for cooling the exhaust gas received therein. The cooling system also includes a third water line configured to supply the water to the hot gas duct of the steel production system for cooling the exhaust gas received therein, and each of the first water line, the second water line, and the third water line are operably coupled between the inlet and the outlet of the cooling system. The cooling system also includes a controller configured to control and maintain a defined temperature of the water circulating within the cooling system.

id-WO2022169392A1    abstract-The disclosure relates to a process for the production of sponge iron from iron ore, the process comprising the steps: charging iron ore into a direct reduction shaft (211); introducing a hydrogen-rich reducing gas (215) into the direct reduction shaft in order to reduce the iron ore and produce sponge iron (209); - removing a top gas (216) from the direct reduction shaft; dividing the top gas into a recycle stream (218) and a bleed-off stream (256); processing the bleed-off stream through a separation unit (257) to provide a hydrogen-enriched off-stream (258) and an inert-enriched off-stream (259); and - introducing the recycle stream and the hydrogen-enriched off-stream as constituent parts of the hydrogen-rich reducing gas to the direct reduction shaft. The disclosure further relates to a system for the production of sponge iron.

id-JP7126081B1    abstract-Ensure a stable supply of cold iron sources to the melting chamber. An electric furnace comprising a preheating chamber, a melting chamber, an extrusion machine installed in the preheating chamber and an imaging device for observing the inside of the preheating chamber is used to supply the cold-iron source preheated in the preheating chamber to the melting chamber through an extrusion machine. In the extrusion process, the amount of movement of the extrusion machine and/or the transfer of the extrusion machine is determined according to the visual information obtained from the video device. A method of producing molten iron that controls the time interval to be moved.
id-WO2022166925A1    abstract-The invention belongs to the technical field of molybdenum smelting, and discloses a molybdenum oxide roasting system, which comprises a first rotary kiln, a first heat exchanger, a hot air distributor, a second rotary kiln, a second heat exchanger, a drying bed and a first feeding machine. One end of the first rotary kiln is connected with the second heat exchanger, the other end of the first rotary kiln is connected with the second rotary kiln, and the first heat exchanger is arranged on the first rotary kiln. One end of the hot air distributor is connected with the first heat exchanger, the other end of the hot air distributor is connected with the first rotary kiln and the second rotary kiln, one end of the second heat exchanger is connected with the first rotary kiln, the other end of the second heat exchanger is connected with the drying bed, and the first feed machine is arranged between the drying bed and the first rotary kiln.
id-JP2022149184A    abstract-[challenges] the main objective of this project is to provide a carburizing gas supply system that can reduce the amount of carbon dioxide emissions, reduce the amount of new carburizing gas used, and supply the optimal gas composition according to the condition of the furnace. The carburizing gas supply system of the present invention comprises a gas discharge unit for discharging flue gas from the carburizing furnace, a first flow measuring unit for measuring the flow rate of the flue gas, a first concentration measuring unit for measuring the concentration of the components of the flue gas, and a supply unit for supplying carbon dioxide to the flue gas. The first supply unit; the control unit that controls the supply of carbon dioxide based on the flow rate of the exhaust gas and the concentration of the components; the carbon dioxide conversion unit that produces hydrocarbons or carbon monoxide from the carbon dioxide to remove water or oxygen; and the generated hydrocarbons or 1. It is equipped with a carburizing gas supply unit that supplies regenerated carburizing gas containing components derived from carbon oxide to the carburizing furnace. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2022210345A1    abstract-The cyclone dust collector 1 collects the dust DT from the treated gas TG including the dust DT. The dust separation part 3 and the dust separation part 3 are used to rotate the treated gas TG in the horizontal direction as the pivot axis to separate the dust from the treated gas TG. The dust recovery part 4 is connected to the exit side of 3, and the dust recovery part 4 is connected to recover the separated dust DT through the rotation of the treated gas TG in the dust recovery part 3, and the inlet is installed in the dust recovery part 4 to recover the treated gas TG with the separated dust DT. The distance L from the exit of dust separation part 3 to the entrance of gas recovery part 5 and the first ratio L/Dout of the output diameter Dout of dust separation part 3 are above 0.4 and below 1.0.
id-WO2022194593A1    abstract-The invention relates to a Schachtofen that can burn especially karbonathaltigem materials (1) with (2)aufweisend Stromungsrichtung in the protective material Materialeinlass(3), when Vorwarmzone (21) material Vorwarmen have Brennzone(20) can burn the material Kuhlzone drying (22) of the cooling material, the material let you say in Mate rialauslass(40) from Schachtofen(1) Schachtofen(1) will an Abgasauslass(19) say Abgas Vorwarmzone on (2) capacity, and simultaneously Abgasauslass(19) repatriation of the Abgases Brennzone(20) connection, while Schachtofen (1) a Umwalzeinrichtung (54) internal operation of Umwalzgas Brennzone(20) and producing Brennzone symptoms. Internal Gleichstrombrennzone (24)
id-WO2022215661A1    abstract-This is a thermal decomposition device that can improve the processing efficiency of thermal decomposition of plastics and other treated objects. Heat source 1 set relative to space part 14 and heating inner furnace 9 1 and discharge path 13 are provided in inner furnace 9 to take out the gas generated by the decomposition of the object caused by the heating of inner furnace 9 through the coupling.
id-WO2022229118A1    abstract-The invention comprises a burnable material such as the Karbonatgesteinen program in Gleichstrom-Gegenstrom-Regenerativ-Schachtofen (1) and two vents (2) alternating when Brennschacht and Regenerativ The use of schacht and the adoption of Verbindungskanals(19) are linked, but these materials are made up of two Materialeinlass (3) Vorwarmzone (21) Vorwarmen come to Brennzone(20) to burn the material and a Kuhlzone (22) to cool the material to become Materialauslass(40 years old) the bigger, while a Kuhlgas Kuhlzone rapes and triggers Abgas The Abgasauslass(6) leak from this channel (2) will simultaneously publish this Abgasauslass(6)(2) from the shaft clear that Abgas will at least partially initiate at least one channel (2). The invention also includes a Gleichstrom-Gegenstrom-Regenerativ-Schachtofen(1) that can burn and cool materials like Karbonatgesteinen with two vents (2) that rotate when Brennschacht and Regenerativscha cht betreibbar is associated with the use of Verbindungskanals(19), while each well (2) Stromungsrichtung is devorwarmen Vorwarmzone in the material (21),Brennzone(20) can burn the material and a Kuhlzone (22) to cool the material, each well (2) will have an Abgasauslass(6) to say Abgas from the well (2). At least one Abgasauslass(6) has at least one pipe (2) made of Gaseinlass(12, 15) gas.
id-WO2022242472A1    abstract-The application relates to an ultra-high temperature and ultra-high pressure coke quenching waste heat power generation system and method. The ultra-high temperature and ultra-high pressure coke quenching waste heat power generation system comprises ultra-high temperature and ultra-high pressure coke quenching boiler, ultra-high temperature and ultra-high pressure turbine generator set, multistage temperature and pressure reduction device, and condenser; The ultra-high temperature and ultra-high pressure dry quenching coke boiler comprises a dry quenching coke boiler drum, a primary superheater, a secondary superheater, a reheater, and a secondary reheater, and the ultra-high temperature and ultra-high pressure steam turbine generator set comprises a high pressure cylinder, a medium and low pressure cylinder, and a turbogenerator; The multistage temperature and pressure reducing device comprises a first-stage temperature and pressure reducing device, a two-stage temperature and pressure reducing device, a three-stage temperature and pressure reducing device, a four-stage temperature and pressure reducing device, and a five-stage temperature and pressure reducing device. This application has achieved a major breakthrough in the power generation technology of ultra-high temperature and ultra-high pressure dry quenching coke boiler equipped with ultra-high temperature and ultra-high pressure steam turbine generator set, which can protect the reheater by effectively preventing the dry burning of the reheater, and can maximize the waste heat generation of dry quenching coke, create good economic benefits, and reduce the energy consumption per ton of coke.
id-WO2022238822A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a steel making plant (1) comprising at least one electric arc furnace (10) and a fume collection and treatment system (100) comprising: a first primary suction line (110) fluidically connected to the electric arc furnace (10) to suck the fumes generated in said electric arc furnace (10); a secondary suction line (120) suitable for ventilating the environment surrounding the electric arc furnace (10) by means of at least one suction hood (121); and at least one filtration apparatus (130) suitable for filtering the emissions collected by said fume collection and treatment system (100) before they are discharged into the atmosphere. The electric arc furnace (10) is powered by a continuous charging system (11). A fume cooling apparatus (111), a dust collecting device (112) and a denox selective catalytic reduction apparatus (113) are arranged in sequence along said first primary suction line (110), starting from the electric arc furnace (10). The secondary suction line (120) flows into the first primary suction line (110) downstream of the denox selective catalytic reduction apparatus (113) and upstream of said at least one filtration apparatus (130).

id-WO2022238358A1    abstract-Method and installation for producing lime or dolime, comprising a calcination of calcareous or dolomitic material in contact with first fumes obtained by combustion of fuel with an oxidizing gas, a cooling of calcined lime or dolime with discharge and collect thereof and a release of a gaseous effluent containing CO2, said method further comprising a CO2 depletion of said gaseous effluent by passing it through a sorbent material based on CaO which captures CO2 and forms a CaCO3-CaO based charge, a separation between the CaCO3- CaO based charge and the CO2-depleted gaseous effluent, which is removed, a calcination of the separated CaCO3-CaO based charge in contact with second fumes obtained by combustion of a fuel poor in impurities with an oxidizing gas comprised of dioxygen and CO2, with, formation of said CaO-based sorbent material, a separation between the CaO-based sorbent material and a CO2-concentrated gas stream which is collected, a recycling of said separated CaO- based sorbent material into the CO2 depletion step and an extraction of a valorizable fraction of the CaCO3-CaO based charge with a compensatory introduction of fresh CaCO3 (29) in the calcination step.

id-WO2022262406A1    abstract-The application provides a double-sided gas premixed sealing cover and sintering machine flue gas circulation system. The double-sided gas premixed sealing cover comprises a sealing cover body, and the sealing cover body is connected with two symmetrical circulation flue gas intake pipes at the same cross section. The sealing cover body extends into the gas intake pipe. The sealing cover body is provided with a branch pipe and two gas distribution rings, the gas intake pipe and the branch pipe are T-shaped distribution, the two gas distribution rings are symmetrically connected at both ends of the branch pipe, and each gas distribution ring corresponds to a circulating gas intake pipe.
id-WO2022270516A1    abstract-We propose a method for producing granular coagulation slag and a line of equipment for producing granular coagulation slag that can efficiently perform slag treatments such as heat recovery treatment, steam aging treatment, and carbonation treatment for coagulation slag. The molten slag S2 and solids S1 and M are fed into mold 1, and the gap between solids S1 and M is filled with the molten slag S2 in mold 1. It is characterized by a production process and a slag crushing process in which the mixed solidifier S is crushed into granular form to produce a mixed fractured substance Sg, and a separation process in which the mixed fractured substance Sg is separated into multiple mixed fractured substance groups according to the grain size or material to obtain a granular coagulation slag.
id-WO2022253468A1    abstract-The invention relates to a method for heating a furnace, wherein the furnace comprises an inner chamber and a outer chamber. A process gas is introduced into the inner chamber. A fuel is combusted with an oxidant to produce combustion gases in a combustion chamber. The combustion gases are passed through the outer chamber, and recirculated to the combustion chamber. The process gas is pre-heated by indirect heat exchange with the combustion gases.

id-WO2022271943A1    abstract-A method to produce carbon black includes, in a carbon black reactor having combustion zone and a reaction zone and a feedstock injection zone therebetween, converting a portion of at least one hydrocarbon feedstock to carbon black in the presence of combustion gases generated by burning a fuel in an oxidation gas mixture containing low amounts of nitrogen to form a product stream in which carbon black is carried by hot gases. The carbon black is separated from the hot gas, which is then processed to produce a flue gas high in carbon dioxide and low in nitrogen at least a portion of which is redirected to at least one of the combustion zone, the reaction zone, and the feedstock injection zone.

id-WO2022270194A1    abstract-This paper proposes ways to achieve energy savings and reduce co2 emissions in the production of reduced iron from iron oxide. Filling the iron oxide into the reduction furnace, spraying the reduction gas into the reduction furnace, reducing the iron oxide in the reduction furnace with the reduction gas, and a part of the furnace top gas discharged from the furnace top A methane synthesis process in which a gas mainly composed of methane is synthesized from hydrogen gas and hydrogen gas; and a gas reformer in which the methane gas and the top gas excluding the portion supplied to the methane synthesis process are used as the raw material gas and the raw material gas is heated to transform the raw material gas into the reduction gas. In the process of reducing iron, which includes the amount of furnace top gas v1, the amount of furnace top gas v1 is supplied to the methane synthesis process according to the variation of the ratio h2 / CO of h2 and CO in the reduction gas blown into the reduction furnace. The material balance in the process from the iron oxide filling process to the reduction process is controlled by adjusting the amount of water vapor Vw in the top gas supplied to the gas reforming process and the amount of water vapor Vw.
id-WO2022261726A1    abstract-An improved apparatus for steam calcining aluminium trihydroxide (Al(OH) 3 ) to produce alumina (Al 2 O 3 ) is disclosed. The apparatus comprises an Al(OH) 3  preheater configured to heat an Al(OH) 3  feedstock by contacting it with steam. The Al(OH) 3  preheater comprises at least one gas solid separator for separating preheated Al(OH) 3  from carrier steam. The apparatus further comprises a calciner configured to accept preheated Al(OH) 3  from the Al(OH) 3  preheater and to produce heated Al 2 O 3  by steam calcination. The apparatus also comprises an Al 2 O 3  cooler configured to remove heat from the heated Al 2 O 3  and produce Al 2 O 3  product. The Al 2 O 3  cooler comprises at least one gas solid separator. The apparatus further comprises a steam compressor in fluid communication with the Al(OH) 3  preheater, the calciner and the Al 2 O 3  cooler and configured to accept and pressurise carrier steam from the Al(OH) 3  preheater and to provide pressurised carrier steam to the Al(OH) 3  preheater and pressurised carrier steam the Al 2 O 3  cooler to transfer Al(OH) 3  feedstock to and within the Al(OH) 3  preheater, and pressurised carrier steam to transfer preheated Al(OH) 3  from the Al(OH) 3  preheater to the calciner, and to transfer heated Al 2 O 3  from the calciner to and within the Al 2 O 3  cooler.

id-WO2022265070A1    abstract-[issue] in order to prevent the over-heating generated in the piping of the dry pump without a cooling device, we provide an exhaust pipe, exhaust device and a method to prevent the adhesion of products. In the part represented by "X" within the dry pump 100, overheating occurs. The product attached to this part is considered to be the cause of overheating. Therefore, in order to prevent the product from sticking to this part as much as possible, inert gas is introduced, which causes a swirling flow. Due to the effect of the swirling flow (see figure 4), the components contained in the gas are concentrated in the center, making it difficult to adhere to the wall surface of the exhaust pipe 18. Many components are transferred to the pest control device 19 through the exhaust pipe 18.
id-JP7288716B2    abstract-

id-US20230030899A1    abstract-A device (1) for drying and/or preheating metallic and/or non-metallic materials, preferably scrap, comprises a receiving container (3) and a scrap basket (7) which is arranged in the receiving container (3) and has a gas-permeable bottom area (9). The receiving container (3) has at least one process gas inlet line (6) in its wall (4), via which a process gas with a temperature in the range from 200 to 1600° C. can be introduced into the receiving container (3), and at least an injector nozzle (19) arranged coaxially within the at least one process gas inlet line (6) via which a cooling gas can be introduced into the process gas.

id-WO2023002430A1    abstract-The invention concerns: A) An assembly to reduce the emission of CO2 in a plant for the production of clinkers comprising two calciners and a carbonator arranged between the two calciners, wherein one of the calciners is an integral part of a conventional clinker production system. Thanks to this assembly, the plant can continue to operate in the clinker production process even if the CO2 capture system which uses the carbonator and the other calciner of the assembly is disconnected due to malfunctions or maintenance characterized in that said carbonator is free of recirculation to both said two calciners. B) The relative plants comprising both the assembly and the actual clinker production plant in which the clinker production plant is of the conventional type existed before and already operational, or said plant is installed simultaneously with the assembly units. C) The clinker production process with reduction of CO2 emission conducted in the plants B.

id-WO2023016057A1    abstract-The application discloses a positive material drying equipment and a positive material drying production line, wherein the positive material drying equipment comprises: a rotary kiln, the rotary kiln head and the kiln tail are arranged with a sealing structure, the rotary kiln can be rotated relative to the sealing structure; The exhaust system comprises an intake pipe, an outlet pipe and a first fan. The intake pipe is communicated with the kiln tail of the rotary kiln through the sealing structure, and the outlet pipe is communicated with the kiln head of the rotary kiln through the sealing structure; The first fan is arranged on the intake pipe and/or the outlet pipe, and is used to make the gas flow direction in the rotary kiln opposite to that of the positive electrode material; By using the positive electrode material drying equipment of the embodiment of this application, not only can emissions be prevented from leaking, but also the positive electrode material can be continuously dried.
id-US20230038523A1    abstract-Method of producing molten glass and system therefor, including providing a glass melting furnace configured to melt a glass sample, the glass sample including glass batch material including soda ash, or cullet or post-consumer cullet, or any combination of batch material, cullet and post-consumer cullet. The method includes introducing glass sample into a chamber of a rotary drum heat exchanger having at least one heat exchange tube; introducing the exhaust gas into the tube; causing a transfer of heat from the exhaust gas in the tube to the glass sample in the chamber to volatilize any organic impurities in the glass sample, heat the glass sample and evaporate water from the glass sample to dry it, the evaporated water forming water vapor in the chamber; contacting the dried sample with the water vapor; and discharging the dried sample from the rotary drum heat exchanger and introducing it into the furnace.

id-EP4137772A1    abstract-An energy recovery system (1) for a grate cooler (5) is presented, being comprised by an organic cycle waste heat recovery subsystem (2), adapted to collect Excess-Air (α) from a grate cooler, and to generate energy from the heat contained in said Excess-Air; an Excess-Air recirculation subsystem (4), configured to introduce Excess-Air (θ) into the grate cooler (5); and a control subsystem, configured to control the temperature inside the grate cooler (5) by acting on the energy to be supplied to the Excess-Air recirculation subsystem (4), as a function of at least the energy generated by the organic cycle waste heat recovery subsystem (2). Additionally, the system may further comprise an Excess-Air temperature adjustment subsystem (3) adapted to collect Excess-Air (β) at the outlet of the organic cycle waste heat recovery subsystem (2), and configured to supply Excess-Air (θ) to the inlet of the Excess-Air recirculation subsystem (4).

id-WO2023050895A1    abstract-The application discloses a low-temperature desulphurization and denitrification system for the flue gas of a sintering machine in a steel plant, which comprises a sintering machine, a cooling system, an adsorption tower and a regeneration tower. The flue gas outlet is connected with the first flue gas inlet to pass the flue gas into the cooling system, thereby reducing the temperature of the flue gas to below 20 ° C; The first flue gas outlet is connected with the second flue gas inlet in order to pass the flue gas into the adsorption tower, so as to desulfurize and denitrate the flue gas. The first inlet is used to add adsorbent to the adsorption tower, and the first outlet is used to discharge the adsorbent in the adsorption tower. The second feed port is used to add the adsorbent discharged from the first discharge port to the regeneration tower, the second discharge port is used to discharge the adsorbent in the regeneration tower, the regeneration tower also includes a heating pipe, and the acid gas outlet is used to discharge the acid gas. The low temperature desulphurization and denitration system applied for sintering machine flue gas of steel plant does not need to heat the flue gas, and the denitration efficiency is high.
id-US20230080405A1    abstract-A method for treating arsenic-containing flue gas is disclosed. In the method, the arsenic-containing flue gas is subjected to a dry pre-dedusting treatment, and the dedusted flue gas is pre-cooled and then introduced into a vortex quenching system. The arsenic-containing flue gas is divided into high-temperature flue gas and low-temperature flue gas through the vortex quenching system. The outlet temperature of the low-temperature flue gas is dropped below the desublimation temperature of gaseous arsenic trioxide. The low-temperature flue gas is subjected to a gas-solid separation to obtain solid arsenic trioxide and treated flue gas.

id-WO2023041410A1    abstract-The invention relates to a system for extraction of hot combustion gas to supply heat for separate use, said hot combustion gas extracted from a preheater(1) of a clinker burning department in a plant for manufacture of cement clinker, said plant comprising a preheater(1), a rotary kiln(3), a clinker cooler(4), said preheater(1) comprising two or more cyclone stages,where the hot combustion gas is extracted from one or more locations between a rotary kiln gas outlet(32) and an exhaust gas outlet stage cyclone(1a) of the preheater(1), said plant being connected to a separate use application which is a heat consuming process or plant which can receive a heat input as hot combustion gas from said clinker burning department, wherein the extraction of hot combustion gas utilizes a heat transformation effect of the preheater(1).

id-WO2023056495A1    abstract-The technology and equipment for making a furnace tube: a furnace furnace (2) heats the ash of a furnace furnace (2) with the smoke emitted by a furnace; a furnace (2) cools the furnace furnace with the fire of a furnace furnace (6).
id-US20230111491A1    abstract-A system for treating tin smelting intermediate materials and method for treating the materials is disclosed. The system includes a fuming furnace, an electric settling furnace, a lean slag water quenching pool, a matte ladle, a pulverized coal injection system, a flue gas treatment system and a secondary air supply system; the fuming furnace is connected with the electric settling furnace, the pulverized coal injection system, the flue gas treatment system and the secondary air supply system respectively; the electric settling furnace is also connected with the slag-lean water quenching pool and the matte ladle respectively. The system and method disclosed by the disclosure can efficiently classify, separate and recover tin from other materials, solve the problems of difficult sales and transportation of complex tin-containing smelting intermediate materials and economic loss of discounted sales, and transform hazardous wastes into value-added valuable materials for comprehensive recovery.

id-WO2023074061A1    abstract-To provide a method of operating a methane gas generation device and a method of operating a blast furnace so that the deterioration rate of the catalyst can be controlled by appropriately adjusting the operating conditions of the blast furnace and the methane gas generation device. The process of generating methane gas from the raw material gas including the blast furnace gas discharged from the blast furnace using a methane gas synthesis reactor, the process of determining the methane concentration in the methane gas, and the comparison between the methane concentration and the target value of the predetermined methane concentration According to the operation method of the methane gas generation equipment, the methane gas generation equipment includes the adjustment of the production conditions of the process.
id-WO2023063404A1    abstract-The reduction process is a process in which the raw material of iron oxide is reduced with a reduction gas containing hydrogen gas to produce the reduced iron; the dehydration process in which the hydrogen gas is separated from the exhaust gas by removing water from the exhaust gas of the reduction process; The cooling process is to cool the iron while carbonizing it with a cooling gas containing carbon as an element, and the separation process is to separate the hydrogen gas and methane gas from the exhaust gas of the cooling process. It further includes hydrogen gas separated in the separation process and hydrogen gas separated in the separation process, and the cooling gas further includes methane gas separated in the separation process.
id-US20230140052A1    abstract-Disclosed is a trolley sealing device for a flue gas circulation system of a sintering machine, including a cover body covering a top surface of a sintering machine trolley. A top end of the cover body is provided with communication assemblies, and the communication assemblies communicate an inner cavity of the cover body with an outside environment; two ends of the inner cavity of the cover body are fixedly connected with vertical adjusting sections respectively, and a sealing device is arranged between the vertical adjusting sections and two ends of the top surface of the sintering machine trolley; and the cover body includes a plurality of frameworks; the plurality of frameworks are arranged above the sintering machine trolley, the communication assemblies are arranged on the frameworks, and skins are fixedly connected with the frameworks; and thermal insulation layers are arranged outside the skins.

id-WO2023077641A1    abstract-The invention relates to a melting furnace for smelting ice nickel and a production method of low ice nickel. The melting furnace comprises a first area (1) for melting the product to be smelted and slagging; The second region (2) is used to reduce and vulcanize the product to be smelted after melting and slagging in the first region (1) to produce the target product; And a third region (3) for separating the target product; The first region (1), the second region (2) and the third region (3) are connected, and a partition wall (7) is arranged between the first region (1) and the second region (2) to separate the first region (1) and the second region (2); The melting furnace comprises an independent first furnace body (20) and a second furnace body (30), and the first furnace body (20) and the second furnace body (30) correspond to the first zone (1) and the second zone (2); The first area (1) and the second area (2) are provided with an ascending flue (8) for common smoke exhaust.
id-WO2023084027A1    abstract-The invention relates to the Fordervorrichtung (100) facilitating Schuttgut (10) to adopt an attachment (20) to manufacture a Zementklinker attachment (20) that can be used for Zementklinker Rezirkulationsverfahren and/or Oxy-Fuel-Verfahren work, while Fordervorrichtung (100) contacts (110) and accessories (20) produce Zementklinker. The transportierendes Schuttgut (10) production equipment (20) manufactures Zementklinker on base. According to the design, in the connection between the pump (100) and the production cement tank (20), a gas source (120) is preset to be connected to the circulating gas. One design: Atmospheric air can be separated from the circulating gases in the cement tank production plant.
id-WO2023097356A1    abstract-A device for producing carbonated β-spodumene, the device comprising: a carboniser reactor having a powder inlet and a powder outlet, wherein the powder inlet is adapted to receive β-spodumene powder, and wherein the powder outlet allows for carbonated β-spodumene to exit the carboniser reactor; the carboniser reactor in fluid communication with a first gas inlet and a first gas outlet, wherein the first gas inlet is distal to the powder inlet, and wherein the first gas outlet is distal to the powder outlet; wherein the gas comprises carbon dioxide and water; an external heat transfer segment in thermal communication with the carboniser reactor wherein the segment is adapted to maintain a temperature in the carboniser reactor in the range between 400°C to 600°C.

id-WO2023101643A1    abstract-The invention relates to the development made in the vertical kiln subject to the application numbered 2021/012627, which is designed to be used in calcination and/or drying processes in industrial plants operating in the mining sector.

id-WO2023094082A1    abstract-Described are Warmebehandlungsanlage bahnformigem materials and heat treatment (M), especially Metallbandern. One should remember that an oven (2) followed by Kuhlsektion (12), comparatively speaking, bahnformige material (M) is basically carried out along a horizontal furnace (2) and Kuhlsektion (12), and has a procedure as well as heat treatment. In order to achieve the undesirable Vorkuhlung Between Warmebehandlungsanlage ovens (2) try to avoid and Kuhlsektion (12), the doctor will advise Kuhlsektion ovens (2) with (12) set up (5) to prevent abnormal means Vorkuhlung ordered, while setting up (5)(6) at least one canal, made The enterprise is carried out under a hot Metallband (M), the pipe (7) on the one hand into the oven (2); On the other hand, the connection between flowing into at least one canal (6), at least blowing the electric fan (10) to absorb the hot Fluid from the oven (resulting), and then the hot fluid passes through the pipe (7) in at least one canal (6), including. Ms. Bell's
id-US20230213283A1    abstract-A substrate processing apparatus includes a bake chamber, a chamber door that opens and closes an opening of the bake chamber, a first support plate in the bake chamber, a first partition wall, which partitions a space provided on the first support plate into first heat treatment spaces spaced apart from each other in a first horizontal direction, and extends in a second horizontal direction and a vertical direction, first heat treatment modules arranged in the first heat treatment spaces, a first exhaust duct extending in the first horizontal direction across the first heat treatment spaces, a first sealing bracket coupled to the first exhaust duct, a first horizontal packing configured to seal a gap between the first sealing bracket and the chamber door, and a first vertical packing configured to seal a gap between the first partition wall and the chamber door.

id-WO2023112505A1    abstract-By preheating the cold iron source efficiently and reliably, the molten iron can be obtained at a low power consumption level. The production method of molten iron in the electric furnace with pre-heating room and melting room, and the input step of cold iron source; The cold iron source preheating step includes preheating confirmation step; As well as supply steps; With melting steps; It has.
id-US20230175779A1    abstract-Disclosed herein is a metallurgical furnace and roof for the same. The roof has a body. The body has a top surface having a center. The top surface has a center opening disposed about the center. The body has a bottom surface opposite the top surface. An outer sidewall connects the top surface to the bottom surface. The outer sidewall, bottom surface and top surface define an interior portion, wherein the outer sidewall has a lift side and a hood side. An internal spray cooling system is disposed in the interior portion of the body. Lift brackets are disposed on the top surface. The lift brackets are configured to support the entire weight of the roof when suspended by a crane, wherein all the lift brackets are disposed in a first segment of the roof.

id-WO2023104881A1    abstract-A process and reactor for the reduction of metal ores to bare metal are disclosed. More specifically, it describes a process for the reduction of iron oxides into DRI metal (e.g. HBI). The process is characterized by a gravitational plug-stream of the ore in reduction shafts within a refractory structure. Both the reducing agent (in gas phase) and the ore are fed from the top side of the shafts. Within the shafts, both the solid phases and the gas phases are heated by the hot surfaces of the shaft's walls. The produced metal is off loaded at the lower side of each shaft. The developing off-gas is led from the lower side of each reduction shaft into combustion channels that run in parallel with the reduction shaft within the refractory structure. Within the combustion channels, the off gas is (partially or completely) combusted to supply the necessary thermal process energy and is led upwards through the refractory structure. The process is particularly suited to reduce iron with hydrogen since the degree of utilization of the hydrogen will be higher than with other processes. The process is also suited to process zinc containing or phosphorous ores since enrichment in the feed, which is the case in current art up-draft furnaces, is prevented.

id-WO2023116980A1    abstract-The invention relates to a processor (20) to utilize the core material of a solid substance. The processor (20) comprises a cooler connected to a heat exchanger (26) that can be continuously fed to the inlet material to convert the latter into an intermediate product. In the process (20) there are kiln raw gases used to convert clay into process products during heating treatment. Prozessanlage(20), a Rohgasleitungssystem(50 years old) was in Kalzinator at a hotel in the kiln Rohgasleitung claim (50.1)Rohgas from the kiln for this multiple Rohgaswarme into Eingangsmaterial gusher into Kalzinator can contain a Kuhleinrichtung The cooling style of the Prozessprodukts after infrared treatment in the kiln is transferred from the Prozessprodukt warmth to sauerstoffhaltiges Kuhlgas, thus producing oxygenated gas. To decide Erfindungsgema Prozessanlage (20) in Abluftreinigungseinrichtung Rohgas As far as Oxidieren is concerned, the Rohgasleitungssystem(50 years old) is linked with Kalzinator, where the Rohgasleitungssystem(50) is the Heißgasleitungssystem joined by your popular anger of the Heißgas from Kuhle inrichtung Worship. The invention also relates to the process of converting solid materials into solid process products and the process of cleaning the primary gas that produces cement.
