id-US20150176905A1    abstract-A method and a plant for the production of pig iron or liquid steel semi-finished products are shown, metal oxide-containing batch materials and, if appropriate, aggregates being at least partially reduced in a reduction zone by a reduction gas, subsequently being introduced into a smelting zone and being smelted along with the supply of carbon carriers and oxygen-containing gas and along with the formation of the reduction gas. The reduction gas formed in the smelting zone is supplied to the reduction zone, reacted there and drawn off as export gas, CO 2  is separated from the export gas, and a product gas is formed which is utilized for the introduction of pulverulent carbon carriers into the smelting zone.

id-WO2010085244A1    abstract-A system, method and apparatus for treating a waste gas stream containing on or more hydrocarbon contaminants such polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH). The system, method and apparatus may include a heat treatment chamber having a recycling apparatus that includes a supply of a food oil solvent; a mixing device to mix the solvent with the waste gas stream. The system, method and apparatus dissolve the hydrocarbon contaminants from the gas stream into a solvent containing the food oil.

id-US8142542B2    abstract-Offgas containing carbon dioxide and carbon monoxide that is produced in the reduction of ores and other metal oxides in a reactor is treated to reduce its carbon dioxide content and is then contacted with metal oxide to reduce the oxidation state of the metal and oxidize carbon monoxide therein to carbon dioxide, following which the reduced metal is oxidized with steam to produce hydrogen that can be fed to the reactor.

id-US20140016663A1    abstract-A furnace damper control system including a furnace having at least one opening through which electromagnetic radiation from within the furnace may be sensed, an exhaust duct capable of receiving an exhaust gas stream emerging from the furnace, and a controllable damper capable of adjusting the pressure in the exhaust duct. A sensor is capable of sensing electromagnetic radiation through one or more of the openings of the furnace and generating a sensor signal corresponding to the electromagnetic radiation, and a processor is capable of processing the sensor signal and generating a monitoring signal responsive to a parameter of the electromagnetic radiation indicative of furnace emissions. A controller is capable of controlling the damper responsive to the monitoring signal indicative of the furnace emissions.

id-WO2010095904A3    abstract-Generated in this invention is a process of melting slag sensible heat recovery to his operation features for different applications, allowing recyclable energy use efficiency and the resulting effects of cost-cutting to augment can expect a molten slag as about his sensible heat recovery device, molten slag hopper and brought in; A cutout part for cutout with grain-like particles of molten slag which is installed and put in the inside of the above hopper; Formed in the lower part of the upper hopper, solidified melting slag divided into grain-like particles by the upper gating part by heat exchange; It consists of a composition that includes a heat exchange zone installed at the bottom of the phase condensation, through which free-falling solidified slag particles pass.
id-US8790115B2    abstract-A method is described for preheating annealing goods in a hood-type annealing installation, comprising two annealing bases ( 1, 2 ) which accommodate the annealing goods ( 3, 4 ) under a protective cover ( 7, 8 ), with the annealing goods ( 3 ) to be subjected to a heat treatment under a protective cover ( 8 ) being preheated with the help of a gaseous heat carrier which is guided in a cycle between two protective covers ( 7, 8 ) and absorbs heat from annealing goods ( 4 ) which are heat-treated in a protective cover ( 7 ) and emits it to the annealing goods ( 3 ) to be preheated in the other protective cover ( 8 ). In order to avoid contaminations of the heat-treated annealing goods ( 4 ) it is proposed that the heat carrier flow guided in a cycle flows around the two protective covers ( 7, 8 ) on the outside, whereas a protective gas is circulated within the protective covers ( 7, 8 ).

id-JP5037635B2    abstract-

id-US20120288810A1    abstract-An indurating furnace has a heating station and an air passage leading to the heating station. A draft of preheated recirculation air is driven through the passage toward the heating station, and is mixed with fuel gas to form a combustible mixture of preheated recirculation air and fuel gas that ignites in the passage. This is accomplished by injecting the fuel gas into the passage in a stream that does not form a combustible mixture with the preheated recirculation air before entering the passage.

id-US8377417B2    abstract-A method and apparatus for sequestering carbon dioxide from a waste gas and reusing it as a recycled gas without emissions concerns, including: given a gas source divided into a process gas and a waste gas: mixing the process gas with a hydrocarbon and feeding a resulting feed gas into a reformer for reforming the feed gas and forming a reducing gas; and feeding at least a portion of the waste gas into a carbon dioxide scrubber for removing at least some carbon dioxide from the waste gas and forming a carbon dioxide lean gas that is mixed with the reducing gas. Optionally, the method also includes feeding at least a portion of the waste gas into the carbon dioxide scrubber for removing at least some carbon dioxide from the waste gas and forming a fuel gas after the addition of a hydrocarbon that is fed into the reformer. Optionally, the gas source and the reducing gas are associated with a direct reduction process for converting iron oxide to metallic iron in a reduction furnace that utilizes the reducing gas, optionally after some modification, and produces the gas source.

id-US20130171049A1    abstract-A method and apparatus for sequestering carbon dioxide from a waste gas and reusing it as a recycled gas without emissions concerns, including: given a gas source divided into a process gas and a waste gas: mixing the process gas with a hydrocarbon and feeding a resulting feed gas into a reformer for reforming the feed gas and forming a reducing gas; and feeding at least a portion of the waste gas into a carbon dioxide scrubber for removing at least some carbon dioxide from the waste gas and forming a carbon dioxide lean gas that is mixed with the reducing gas. Optionally, the method also includes feeding at least a portion of the waste gas into the carbon dioxide scrubber for removing at least some carbon dioxide from the waste gas and forming a fuel gas after the addition of a hydrocarbon that is fed into the reformer. Optionally, the gas source and the reducing gas are associated with a direct reduction process for converting iron oxide to metallic iron in a reduction furnace that utilizes the reducing gas, optionally after some modification, and produces the gas source.

id-US20100266775A1    abstract-A process for producing a fume free connector pipe is disclosed. The connector pipe is placed in a curing oven at a start temperature, the oven having a convective air CFM and an intake/exhaust air CFM. The oven temperature is increased over an increase time period to a hold temperature and the connector pipe is heated at the hold temperature for a hold time period then removed from the curing oven after a total amount of time, the total amount of time being the increase time period plus the hold time period.

id-US8740613B1    abstract-A purge air control for a regenerative thermal oxidizer (RTO) having a plurality of exhaust towers containing a heat-exchange media includes a controller to determine an amount of clean air needed to purge the media. The controller opens a balancing damper to draw the determined amount of air into the RTO to purge the solvent-laden air from the heat-exchange media. As such, by determining the precise amount of air needed to purge the heat-exchange media, energy consumption associated with the purge process is reduced.

id-WO2010111779A3    abstract-A system for controlling emissions of gas and dust during transfer of a hot feed material from a movable transfer container to a stationary feed bin of a furnace. The system includes an upper duct section which is associated with the movable transfer container, and a lower duct section associated with the feed bin. The lower duct section is attached to a main collection duct with a dust collection fan. The two duct sections are brought into close proximity with one another when the transfer container is brought into position for discharge to the feed bin, so as to form a continuous gas passage throughout the duct sections. The upper duct section includes a dust collection fitting for collecting dust and fumes in the area of the discharge opening of the transfer container, and may optionally include a dust collection fitting in the form of a pivoting hood for collecting dust and fumes in the area of the top opening of the transfer container.

id-WO2010138597A2    abstract-A waste heat recovery system in which hot waste fluids, such as flue gasses, pass through a fluid heat exchanger configured to transfer energy in the form of heat to a heat transfer liquid, preferably molten salt. The energy in the molten salt is used to generate useable power such as electrical energy. The waste gas heat recovery system is especially adapted for use with batch processes, such as steelmaking and copper converting, and allows continuous or substantially continuous power production.

id-JPWO2010131658A1    abstract-In order to provide a melt slag heat recovery device with easy structure and high heat recovery efficiency, the melt slag heat recovery device of the present invention consists of a fluidized bed (3) in which a fluidized medium (32) has been ground from the solidified slag, and a slag that supplies the molten slag to the fluidized bed. It is equipped with a reservoir (4), a heat transfer tube (7) for recovering heat from the fluidized bed, and a solidified slag extraction device (21) for recovering solidified slag (34) from the molten slag in the fluidized bed. The molten slag droplets (31) from the slag reservoir (4) are dropped into the fluidized bed (3), and the molten slag droplets solidify in the fluidized bed, and the heat generated at that time is transmitted to the heat transfer tube (7) through the fluidized medium (32). Since the heat transfer coefficient between the heat transfer tube and the flow medium is about ten times that between the gas and the heat transfer tube, the heat transfer area for the same heat recovery amount can be reduced and the device can be miniaturized.
id-EP2461383B1    abstract-

id-US10030911B2    abstract-In a process and apparatus for the reduction of metal oxides ( 3 ) to form metalized material by contact with hot reducing gas, which is produced at least partially by catalytic reformation of a mixture of         a gas containing carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) and/or steam (H 2 O) with   gaseous hydrocarbons, the heat for the endothermal reformation processes which take place during the reformation is provided at least partially by the combustion of a fuel gas.

id-WO2011010439A1    abstract-As a method to remove soot particles, a method to generate high-temperature, high-pressure steam and melt soot particles into the steam has been proposed. There was a need for a cooling system for rapid cooling, etc., and there were problems with the size and cost of the system. [means to solve the problem] soot inhaled from the combustion furnace into the smoke guide is mixed with the steam emitted by the steam ejection device to form soot containing soot. The steam soot is sucked from the intake of the soot and smoke cleaning tank, and the steam soot is submerged in the water stored in the soot and smoke cleaning tank, so that the soot and smoke particles covered with a thin surface of water film are absorbed into the water, and the soot and smoke particles contained in the soot and smoke are removed. Soot and smoke particle removal equipment characterized by this.
id-WO2011002465A1    abstract-A method of operating a channel induction furnace to process a feed material and obtain therefrom at least one of a molten metal product, a vapor phase metal product and a slag product The method involves the use a variety of feed materials that contribute to the molten metal product and/or the vapor phase metal product and/or the slag product and /or function as a binder for briquetting or pelletizing the feed material

id-WO2011000006A2    abstract-Will receive a heated Leichtmetallblocken :(1) described while Leichtmetallblocke :(1) passed through the Heilβe Brennerabgase oven (2)1. Will be created by Erwarmungsbedingungen, will propose Leichtmetallblocke :(1) warming; (2) Before the oven by at least one flachig ze Vorwarmeinrichtung (9) will be finished by liquid with Haier Warmeaustausch β fart from the oven (2) erwarmten circulation inside (7) will lead Warmetrager beaufschlagt.
id-WO2011002468A1    abstract-A method of operating a channel induction furnace to process a feed material and obtain therefrom at least one of a molten metal product, a vapor phase metal product and a slag product. The method includes applying a controlled vacuum on the headspace of the channel induction furnace to controlling the amount of ambient air that enters the furnace or adding oxygen into the channel induction furnace. The method also includes controlling the carbon concentration in the molten bath in the channel induction furnace to control the fluidity of the bath.

id-WO2011002467A1    abstract-A method of operating a channel induction furnace to process a feed material and obtain therefrom at least one of a molten metal product, a vapor phase metal product and a slag product. The method involves maintaining a slag layer on the molten bath that has a thickness that is sufficient to support the feed material while minimizing heat transfer through the slag layer and minimizing the resistance of vapor phase components from transferring through the slag layer. The fluidity of the slag layer is controlled by heating the slag layer and adjusting the chemistry of the slag layer.

id-WO2011002466A1    abstract-A method of operating a channel induction furnace to process a feed material and obtain therefrom at least one of a molten metal product, a vapor phase metal product and a slag product. A molten metal bath is maintained in the channel induction furnace and the method includes adding a reductant such as carbon or a carbon containing material directly into the molten metal bath independently of the feed material.

id-JP2011069606A    abstract-[challenges] when the iron source is continuously supplied to the arc furnace for melting, changes in the status of the iron source supplied to the furnace are detected, and the molten metal in the arc furnace is maintained in a stable state. [solution] Arc melting equipment 22 includes a melting chamber 1 that dissolves the iron source 20 through the arc discharge generated by electrode 2, and an iron source supply device 8 that continuously supplies the iron source to the melting chamber. The state of the melting chamber when the arc discharge occurs from the electrode The state change detection unit 12a, 12b and 12c are used to detect changes in the state change detection unit; Selection diagram: figure 2
id-US8747731B2    abstract-In a device for preparing process gases ( 3 ) for heat treatments of metallic materials/workpieces, the respective process gas ( 3 ) is to be fed into at least one treatment chamber ( 1.1 ) in an industrial furnace ( 1 ) having been practically fully prepared, homogenised and heated, and the method is to be carried out both with newly built and particularly with already existing installations of industrial furnaces ( 1 ) with the aid of the device, wherein the process gas ( 3 ) is prepared with compression at temperatures uncoupled from the temperature in the treatment chamber ( 1.1 ), in a process separate from the heat treatment process in the treatment chamber ( 1.1 ), and in a temperature range up to about 1250° C., and is rendered usable for economical and low-emission heat treatment (FIG.  3 ).

id-EP2437866B1    abstract-

id-EP2470677B1    abstract-

id-US20170038146A1    abstract-The invention relates to a device for heating molten metal by the use of a heater that can be immersed into the molten metal. This immersion heater includes an outer cover formed of one or more materials resistant to the molten metal in which the immersion heater is to be used, and a heating element inside of the outer cover, where the heating element is protected from contacting the molten metal.

id-EP2480692B1    abstract-

id-WO2011026940A1    abstract-A TRT process and system for recovering energy from blast furnace top gas in an expansion turbine are disclosed. The over-pressurized blast furnace top gas stream released by a blast furnace (10) is subsequently passed through a top gas cleaning plant (12), a preheating unit (22) and an expansion turbine (24) coupled to a load (30). The top gas stream is warmed-up in a heat-exchanger (20) located in-between the top gas cleaning plant (12) and the pre-heating unit (22). The top gas flow, after expansion in the turbine (24), is fed through the heat-giving side of the heat-exchanger (20).

id-US10557179B2    abstract-Provided is a method for manufacturing reduced iron which includes the steps of: i) drying ores in an ore drier; ii) supplying the dried ores to at least one reduction reactor; iii) reducing the ores in the at least one reduction reactor and manufacturing reduced iron; iv) discharging exhaust gas by which the ores are reduced in the reduction reactor; v) branching the exhaust gas and providing the branched exhaust gas as ore feeding gas; and vi) exchanging heat between the exhaust gas and the ore feeding gas and transferring the sensible heat of the exhaust gas to the ore feeding gas. In the supplying the dried ores to the at least one reduction reactor, the dried ores are supplied to the at least one reduction reactor by using the ore feeding gas.

id-WO2011041313A1    abstract-A method and system for making metallic iron nodules with reduced CO2 emissions is disclosed. The method includes: assembling a linear hearth furnace having entry and exit portions, at least a conversion zone and a fusion zone, and a moving hearth adapted to move reducible iron bearing material through the furnace on contiguous hearth sections; assembling a shrouded return substantially free of air ingress extending adjacent at least the conversion and fusion zones of the furnace through which hearth sections can move from adjacent the exit portion to adjacent the entry portion of the furnace; transferring the hearth sections from the furnace to the shrouded return adjacent the exit portion; reducing reducible material in the linear hearth furnace to metallic iron nodules; and transporting gases from at least the fusion zone to the shrouded return to heat the hearth sections while in the shrouded return.

id-WO2011041420A1    abstract-A method for producing metallic iron including providing a hearth furnace having an entry end and a discharge end, a moveable hearth, and an exhaust stack positioned toward the entry end of the furnace, providing a carbonaceous hearth layer above the hearth, providing a layer of reducible material comprising reducing material and iron bearing material, delivering a flow of gases into the hearth furnace through burners, gas injection ports, or a combination thereof directing a flow of gases toward the entry end selected from combustible fuel, oxygen and carbon dioxide, oxygen and flue gas, oxygen and air, or a combination thereof to heat the furnace to a temperature sufficient to at least partially reduce the reducible material, increasing the velocity of the flow of gas to greater than 4 feet per second along the furnace, and heating the layer of reducible material to at least partially reduce the reducible material.

id-US20110079109A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a method of operating a converter, in particular a Peirce-Smith converter or a converter with similar design or mode of operation, and to an apparatus, for instance a plant, for carrying out the method. The method comprises the step of:         loading the converter with a starting material comprising said metal, the metal in the starting material being chemically bound at least in part to at least one compound substance, in particular sulphur;   maintaining a temperature within the converter interior space, which is above the melting temperature of the starting material; and   supplying an oxygen-containing process gas into the converter interior space through injection nozzles arranged in the wall of the converter, the gas supplied through the injection nozzles comprising carbon dioxide, preferably very cold, technically pure carbon dioxide, as well as oxygen gas and/or air.

id-JP2011089730A    abstract-[problem] we provide combustion equipment for melting furnaces that can heat the melting object by the radiation heat of the combustion flame and heat the ceiling part of the melting furnace by the radiation heat of the combustion flame. A plurality of fuel ejection parts F1 are equipped with multiple fuel ejection holes 13 and 14 arranged horizontally in the fuel ejection direction view in the fuel ejection nozzle 12, which ejects gas fuel into the combustion space above the area where the melt object exists in tank 2. In this state, the fuel vents 13 and 14 of multiple fuel vents F1 and F2 are arranged radially in a lateral view, and the fuel ejection direction of the uppermost fuel vents 13 and the fuel of the bottommost fuel vents 14 are arranged in a vertical direction. Formed in a state in which the direction B along the central Angle in the Angle range between the ejection direction and the ejection direction is tilted upward, and in the state in which the fuel vents 13 in the fuel vents F1 on the upper side of the fuel vents F1 are radially arranged in the plane plane. Be. Select diagram: figure 6
id-US9272240B2    abstract-The invention relates to a regenerative thermal postcombustion plant ( 24 ) used for purifying exhaust gas comprising hydrocarbons and nitrogen oxides, particularly for exhaust gas occurring during cement clinker production, by means of which the carbon compound is oxidized and the nitrogen oxides are thermally reduced while feeding in a nitrogen-hydrogen compound at a temperature of greater than 800° C. in the multistage combustion chamber ( 35 ).

id-US20110110831A1    abstract-A crystallizer system for forming solid crystals includes a vessel defining a cylindrical sidewall, a sparge device located at a bottom of the vessel, a plurality of impellers attached to a shaft, and a plurality of redistribution funnel assemblies vertically spaced apart. Each funnel assembly may be positioned underneath a respective impeller of the plurality of impellers. Each funnel assembly may include a funnel, a disc attached to the shaft such that the disc rotates with the impellers, and a channel extending radially inward from a location near the sidewall. The channel may be adapted to direct gas bubbles from the sidewall to a location near blade outer edges of the respective impeller A lower edge of the funnel and the disc may define a lower gap therebetween, such that solid particles falling from within the funnel are directed out of the lower gap when the disc is rotated.

id-WO2011059513A1    abstract-An apparatus and method for recovering heat radiating from the outer surface of a rotary kiln includes an enclosure formed as a stationary housing that has an axially extending opening and closure flaps on circumferential ends of the housing extending towards the shell to form a chamber and an exhaust fan, arranged to draw a flow of air into the housing, which flow of air recovers heat from the kiln shell and is discharged from the chamber for heat recovery therefrom.

