id-US9527402B2    abstract-A 12 volt automotive battery system includes a first battery coupled to an electrical system, in which the first battery include a first battery chemistry, and a second battery coupled in parallel with the first battery and selectively coupled to the electrical system via a first switch, in which the second battery includes a second battery chemistry that has a higher coulombic efficiency than the first battery chemistry. The first switch couples the second battery to the electrical system during regenerative braking to enable the second battery to capture a majority of the power generated during regenerative braking. The 12 volt automotive battery system further includes a variable voltage alternator that outputs a first voltage during regenerative braking to charge the second battery and a second voltage otherwise, in which the first voltage is higher than the second voltage.
id-US9352744B2    abstract-A vehicle includes a powertrain having an electric machine configured to selectively apply regenerative torque to cause deceleration in response to braking demand; the powertrain further including a torque converter configured to decouple the electric machine from wheels of the vehicle. The vehicle is also provided with a controller programmed to, during a regenerative braking event, receive a signal defining a regenerative torque limit, and in response to a fault condition associated with the regenerative torque limit, generate a replacement regenerative torque limit based upon a torque converter open speed to decrease roughness during transitions into and out of regenerative braking.
id-US10343527B2    abstract-Between an anode active material layer and a separator, a recess impregnation region of an anode side in which electrolytes and solid particles are disposed and including a recess that is located between adjacent anode active material particles positioned on the outermost surface of the anode active material layer is formed. Between a cathode active material layer and a separator, a recess impregnation region of a cathode side in which electrolytes and solid particles are disposed and including a recess that is located between adjacent cathode active material particles positioned on the outermost surface of the cathode active material layer is formed. The solid particles in the recess impregnation regions of the cathode side and the anode side have a concentration that is 30 volume % or more.
id-US9857255B2    abstract-A trailer for a vehicle with a high voltage traction-battery. The trailer may be a self-propelled trailer to substantially match vehicle dynamics and minimize impact on the vehicle. Alternatively, the trailer may push the vehicle to simulate hill descent, or drag on the vehicle to simulate hill ascent. The trailer may provide power for the vehicle. The trailer may provide current to a vehicle electric machine. The trailer may also provide current to recharge a vehicle traction-battery. The trailer may also recharge its own traction-battery.
id-US10065506B2    abstract-A vehicle includes a friction brake, a regenerative brake, and an ECU. The ECU is configured to: (a) control a total braking force that is generated in the vehicle; (b) execute first brake control for controlling a braking force of the vehicle on the basis of the brake operation amount; (c) determine based on the brake operation amount whether the driver's brake operation is being carried out; (d) when the ECU determines that the driver's brake operation is not being carried out, execute second brake control for automatically controlling the braking force of the vehicle in response to a condition of the vehicle, other than the brake operation amount; and (e) when the second brake control is executed, reduce a proportion of a braking force of the regenerative brake within the total braking force as compared to when the first brake control is executed.
id-US20160325732A1    abstract-The present disclosure discloses a vehicle and a braking feedback control method for the same. The braking feedback control method includes the following steps: detecting a current speed of a vehicle and a depth of a braking pedal of the vehicle; when the current speed of the vehicle is greater than a preset speed, the depth of the braking pedal is greater than 0, and an anti-lock braking system of the vehicle is in a non-working state, controlling the vehicle to enter a braking feedback control mode, where when the vehicle is in the braking feedback control mode, a required braking torque corresponding to the vehicle is obtained according to the depth of the braking pedal, and a braking torque of a first motor generator, a braking torque of a second motor generator, and a braking torque of basic braking performed on the vehicle are distributed according to the required braking torque.
id-US9641106B2    abstract-An electric vehicle driven by a synchronous motor  21  and an induction motor  31 , and braked with a first regenerative torque BT 1  generated by the synchronous motor generator  21  and a second regenerative torque BT 2  generated by the induction motor generator  31 . The ratio of the first regenerative torque BT 1  to the second regenerative torque BT 2  is changed in accordance with a state of charge (SOC) of a battery  11 . In this way, a switching frequency from a regenerative brake to a hydraulic brake is restricted to improve drivability when a state of charge (SOC) of the battery  11  is high.
id-US9718375B2    abstract-A 12 volt automotive battery system includes a first battery directly coupled to an electrical system, in which the first battery includes a first battery chemistry, and a second battery coupled in parallel with the first battery and directly coupled to the electrical system, in which the second battery includes a second battery chemistry with a higher coulombic efficiency than the first battery chemistry. The first battery and the second battery are non-voltage matched such that a voltage range of the second battery is higher than a voltage range of the first battery. The first battery steers power generated during regenerative braking to the second battery using internal resistance of the first battery to enable the second battery to capture a majority of the power generated during regenerative braking, and the second battery provides power to the electrical system due to the higher voltage range of the second battery when the second battery has a positive state of charge.
id-US9527401B2    abstract-A 12 volt automotive battery system includes a first battery coupled to an electrical system, in which the first battery includes a first battery chemistry. The first battery is charged with a relatively constant first voltage, in which an alternator outputs the relatively constant first voltage. The 12 volt automotive battery system further includes a second battery coupled in parallel with the first battery and selectively coupled to the electrical system via a DC/DC converter, in which the second battery includes a second battery chemistry that has a higher coulombic efficiency than the first battery chemistry. The DC/DC converter boosts the first voltage to a second voltage to charge the second battery during regenerative braking, in which the second voltage is higher than a maximum charging voltage of the first battery.
id-US10150347B2    abstract-In a vehicular air conditioning device, a heater core is disposed on a circulation passage for cooling water for cooling a motor, and an inverter configured to control an output of the motor by changing a carrier frequency, and heats conditioning air. An air conditioning controller sets a required calorific value of the motor and the inverter according to a vehicle compartment temperature requested by a passenger. A carrier frequency changing unit sets a carrier frequency at which a calorific value of the motor and the inverter is made equal to the required calorific value, out of carrier frequencies capable of implementing a target output of the motor to be set depending on a traveling state of a vehicle. An electric power conversion device converts direct-current power of a battery into alternating-current power at the set carrier frequency, and supplies the alternating-current power to the motor.
id-JP2015139282A    abstract-[challenges] reducing power loss in the converter while taking advantage of the loss reduction effect of intermittent boost control. The power device of the vehicle is electrically connected between the battery 150 and the converter 200, and auxiliary equipment such as the air conditioner 240 driven by the power supplied from the battery 150 and charging and discharging of the battery 150 are required. Also includes a control device 500 that controls the inverter 210,220, etc., according to the power required by the vehicle including the quantity required. The control device 500 has a continuous boost mode in which the converter 200 is continuously operated and an intermittent boost mode in which the converter 200 is intermittently operated. The control device 500 calculates the charge/discharge request based on the power supplied from the battery 150 in continuous boost mode, and the control device 500 calculates the charge/discharge request based on the power passed through the converter 200 in intermittent boost mode The calculation method is changed to suppress the charge and discharge requirements compared with the continuous boost mode. Select diagram in figure 7.
id-JP2015144517A    abstract-[challenges] improving maintainability of vehicles with motors without engines as driving sources. The electronic control device controls the vehicle (10) having a motor (12) without an engine as the driving drive source and supplying power to the motor from the power supply source (16), and becomes the diagnostic object when abnormal detection of the diagnostic object is detected. Has a self-diagnosis function that stores the corresponding abnormal code. The drive determination unit (S10 ~ S70) of the electronic control device determines whether the motor and the power supply source are driving normally respectively if the ignition switch is switched on in the state of storing abnormal code. The abnormality judgment unit (S80) determines whether the abnormality is detected again in the diagnostic object that stores the abnormality code when the normal judgment of the motor and the power supply source is made by the driving judgment unit. Delete (S100 ~ S120) delete the corresponding anomaly code when it is determined that the anomaly is not detected again by the anomaly judgment unit. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-WO2015106336A1    abstract-The system comprises an onboard controller that receives data from at least one vehicle motion sensor and signals an electrical charger to charge an onboard battery pack when a vehicle motion parameter in the data indicates the vehicle is in a condition for efficient electrical charging. The controller receives data from a vehicle speed sensor, and signals an electrical charger to charge an onboard battery pack when a vehicle speed parameter in the data indicates the vehicle is moving below a threshold speed for efficient electrical charging, for example when there is no electrical drain load on the battery pack from the drivetrain, and preferably not from electrically powered accessories on the vehicle as well. The charging would be deactivated when the state-of-charge of the battery pack was already such that commencement of or continuation of charging would be superfluous or detrimental to the battery pack.
id-JP2017078871A    abstract-[challenges] to accurately predict the energy consumption of a vehicle and quickly find the optimal route. The server device 500 is divided into multiple map levels through the storage department 502. For each map level, map data containing the link information set for each specified road interval is used as a pair of map level 1 in the map data. Statistical parameters for estimating power consumption or regenerative power are stored for each corresponding subordinate link. In addition, according to the statistical parameters of the lower link stored in the storage department 502, the power consumption or regenerative power of each upper link corresponding to the higher map level than level 1 is estimated through the processing of operation processing department 501. Calculate statistical parameters. Based on these statistical parameters, search for the recommended route. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-EP2899055A1    abstract-The present invention concerns a method and a device for controlling the voltage of a catenary supplying electric power to rolling stocks. The first rolling stock: - detects a traction command or a regeneration command of a second rolling stock in the neighborhood of first rolling stock, - increases the electric power supplied by the first rolling stock to means for heating, ventilation and air conditioning when a regeneration command of the second rolling stock is detected, - decreases the electric power supplied by the first rolling stock to the means for heating, ventilation and air conditioning when a traction command of the second rolling stock is detected.
id-US10384546B2    abstract-A braking system includes a drive system having a traction motor coupled in driving relationship to a wheel of a vehicle, a braking device configured to brake the vehicle, and a control unit. The motor is configured to provide both motive power for the vehicle in a propel mode of operation and retarding effort to brake the vehicle. The control unit is configured to determine a total retarding effort required to brake the vehicle in a braking mode of operation, and an amount of traction motor retarding effort available from the traction motor. The control unit is further configured to control the traction motor and the braking device so that at least one of the traction motor and the braking device brake the vehicle in the braking mode of operation.
id-US20150200384A1    abstract-An example battery cell for an electric vehicle includes at least one conductive case, and an electrode structure in direct electrical contact with the at least one conductive case. The electrode structure is to selectively provide power to an electric vehicle.
id-US9321463B2    abstract-A regenerative braking apparatus has an inverter. The inverter uses the rotational energy of the wheels to let the motor generator generate electric power for the purpose of providing regenerative braking. The regenerative braking apparatus also includes a refrigeration cycle unit and a heating cycle unit. The refrigeration cycle unit compresses a refrigerant with the electric power of the battery in order to heat a heat exchanger. The heating cycle unit is a unit in which a medium heated by the heat exchanger flows to heat the battery. When the battery is in a fully charged state where the battery cannot be charged with regenerative electric power of the motor generator, the regenerative braking apparatus exercises electric power consumption control to force the refrigeration cycle unit and the heating cycle unit to consume the electric power of the battery.
id-US9878631B2    abstract-A system and method for management of an energy storage system for a vehicle is disclosed. The energy storage system may comprise a battery system for a vehicle such as an electric vehicle or hybrid-electric vehicle. Vehicles may be in a group of fleet. The management system may be configured to use data and information available from data sources over a network or by instrumentation/sensors for vehicle systems. Data and information could be used in a system to manage the configuration and operation of the energy storage system and components, manage/control inventory and use/life-cycle of components, and/or aggregated/analyzed in analytics function for systems and components. Predictive control of the battery system may be implemented through a management system using data sources external to the vehicle. Inventive concepts and features of the systems and methods are indicated in the specification and FIGURES.
id-US9799934B2    abstract-A vehicle electric battery controlling apparatus is applied to a vehicle including an on-board charger to charge a battery in the vehicle with power supplied from an external power source, a heater to warm the battery, and a DC-DC converter to reduce the voltage of power from the battery and then supply the battery power to the heater. The vehicle electric battery controlling apparatus includes a DC-DC converter controller to drive the DC-DC converter to supply the battery power to the heater before the charge of the battery by the on-board charger, and an on-board charger controller to drive the on-board charger such that the power source for the heater is gradually shifted from the battery to the external power source, after the DC-DC converter is driven.
id-US10059219B2    abstract-An exemplary electric vehicle includes a data storage module to hold a range of past energy consumption rates for an electric vehicle, and a controller to calculate a predicted energy consumption for the electric vehicle based on variations in the past energy consumption rates across the range. An exemplary vehicle assembly includes a data storage module to hold a range of past energy consumption rates for an electric vehicle, and a controller configured to calculate a predicted energy consumption for the electric vehicle based on variations in the range. An operation of the electric vehicle is configured to alter in response to the predicted energy consumption.
id-US9902249B2    abstract-In order to secure a driving performance of an electric vehicle while stably supporting a fuel cell stack, a fuel cell stack generating electric power, a motor generator, and an electrical adjuster are accommodated in an accommodation compartment formed at a front side of a passenger compartment in a vehicle length direction. The electric motor and the electrical adjuster are housed in a common, bottom casing and the bottom casing is arranged at a bottom of the accommodation compartment. A stack support surface which is flat and extends in substantially a horizontal direction is formed at a top of the casing. The fuel cell stack is arranged above the casing and is supported by the casing through mounts arranged on the stack support surface.
id-US9413281B2    abstract-In an apparatus, a controller performs, as a calculation of d- and q-axis values of a current vector, a first task and a second task. The first task expands one of a measured first phase current and another phase current into Fourier series of the corresponding phase current as a function of an electric rotational angle of an AC motor. The first task extracts a first-order component from the Fourier series to obtain first and second Fourier coefficients of the first-order component. The second task calculates the d-axis value as a first sum of the first and second Fourier coefficients to which temporally-invariant constants of a first pair have been multiplied, and the q-axis value as a second sum of the first and second Fourier coefficients to which temporally-invariant constants of a second pair have been multiplied.
id-US20150243974A1    abstract-The disclosure set forth herein is directed to battery devices and methods therefor. More specifically, embodiments of the instant disclosure provide a battery electrode that comprises both intercalation chemistry material and conversion chemistry material, which can be used in automotive applications. There are other embodiments as well.
id-WO2015123737A1    abstract-This invention refers to an intelligent power management system for fully electric vehicles (1) or eletricohibridos (2), emphasizing the kinetic energy in renewable electric energy, the energy is mainly controlled by the control unit (3) and adaptive control to improve efficiency and subsequent use of specific routes, the embedded system energy storage bidirectional (4), the charger charging the vehicle (5), positive Often the opportunity or power supply to foreign consumers, the converter of the auxiliary system (6), and the possibility of remote control operation and maintenance, the hand-touch screen of the device (57) and the availability of personal on-board equipment charging. The invention also calls for an intelligent management system for generator energy (22, 23, 24, 25, 69, 84) for distributed generation of electricity on the sit, without a way to manage these systems and energy methods to control the function of the generator (22, 23, 24, 25, 69, 84).
id-US9950639B2    abstract-In one aspect, a system for torsional damping of electric traction drives comprises dual Kalman filters to correct for oscillations based on measured traction motor speed and commanded traction motor torque. A first Kalman filter can perform a state space estimate of the shaft torque providing negative feedback to the final torque command in order to eliminate resonant components from the commanded torque and quickly damp external disturbances. A second Kalman filter provides a state space estimation of the load torque or, equivalently, load acceleration. This second Kalman filter can ignore commanded torque and can provide a damping feedback when the wheel speed deviates from the vehicle speed.
id-JPWO2015118574A1    abstract-Ground equipment 6 includes a control unit 15, a storage unit 16 and a ground transceiver unit 17. The ground antenna 18 is connected to the ground transceiver unit 17. The train information from the vehicle device 11 is received by the ground transceiver 16 via the ground antenna 18 and transmitted to the control 15. At the same time, the information from the control unit 15 is sent to the vehicle device 11 via the ground transceiver unit 17 and the vehicle antenna 18. The control department 15 stores the train information of train 4 in the storage department 16 and sends the command information of the equipment installed in train 4 to the vehicle device 11.
id-US20150244301A1    abstract-A hybrid vehicle includes a battery, a boosting converter, first and second inverters, a first inverter connected to the first inverter, a second motor generator connected to the second inverter, and a control unit configured to start and suspend the boosting converter. The control unit increases one or both of carrier frequencies F c1 , F c2  of the first and second inverters as a real boost voltage VHr increases during a suspended state of the boosting converter. The control unit decreases one or both of the carrier frequencies of the first and second inverters as real boost voltage VHr decreases during a suspended state of the boosting converter. System efficiency of an electric vehicle can be improved effectively by increasing the suspension time of the boosting converter, while securing drivability of the vehicle.
id-US20150236381A1    abstract-Provided is a secondary battery including a positive electrode, a negative electrode, and a nonaqueous electrolyte solution. The nonaqueous electrolyte solution includes a boron compound having a quaternary structure expressed by Formula (1).
id-US9421975B2    abstract-A vehicle control apparatus includes a battery, a boost converter connected to the battery for boosting battery voltage, an inverter connected to the boost converter for performing DC to AC conversion, and a motor-generator connected to the inverter for outputting drive power. Then, if an inter-vehicle distance is less than or equal to a predetermined distance or a relative speed in approaching direction is greater than or equal to a predetermined speed, the output voltage of the boost converter is lowered. This suppresses the output of the motor-generator and controls the inter-vehicle distance.
id-EP3088241A1    abstract-Consumption of regenerated power by a regeneration inverter for electric railroads must rely on lighting and power supplies in yards, and can only consume a fraction of the regenerated power generated by a train. Switching switches switching a connection between electric car lines and a storage medium of a power storage device are connected respectively to the positive and negative electrodes on the direct current side of the regeneration inverter. The switching switch connected to the regeneration inverter positive electrode side performs control so as to switch to the electric car line side when charging the storage medium and to the storage medium side when discharging. The switching switch connected to the regeneration inverter negative electrode side is configured so as to switch to the storage medium charging side terminal through the regeneration inverter when charging, and to the negative electrode side of the electric car lines when discharging.
id-US10046641B2    abstract-A vehicle carries an energy storage system that powers mobility of the vehicle. The vehicle further carries a direct current input coupling to be connected to a direct current (DC) electrical power source, a DC output coupling, an alternating current (AC) input coupling, an AC output coupling, and electronics carried by the vehicle to control both AC and DC voltage and power levels.
id-US9783037B2    abstract-A vehicle includes a body, a first battery set, a first accessory device, a second battery set, a second accessory device, a load device, and connecting wires. The first battery set is installed in the body and includes at least one first series unit including a predetermined number of battery cells connected in series. The first accessory device is installed in the body and connected to the first battery set. The second battery set is installed in the body and includes at least one second series unit including a predetermined number of battery cells connected in series. The second accessory device is installed in the body and connected to the second battery set. The load device is installed in the body and connected to the first battery set via the first accessory device and to the second battery set via the second accessory device.
id-US9919603B2    abstract-The present invention improves emergency evasion performance. An operation control system for a vehicle that is provided with a risk-potential determining unit that determines the risk potential of a vehicle on the basis of external environment information and/or vehicle information, a friction braking unit that applies friction braking force to the vehicle, and a regenerative braking device that applies regenerative braking force to the vehicle, the operation control system being provided with a control value determining unit that determines a first control value that is for determining the size of the friction braking force and determines a second control value that is for determining the size of the regenerative braking force. The control value determining unit determines at least the first control value on the basis of the risk potential determined by the risk-potential determining unit.
id-US9205841B2    abstract-A method for determining a road slope in an electric vehicle including determining the energy consumed or generated by a propulsion motor of the electric vehicle, determining the speed of the electric vehicle, and computing the road slope using samples of energy and speed of the electric vehicle. The method further including determining an optimal speed at which the vehicle should be driven for achieving maximum utility of energy.
id-US9176516B2    abstract-A dual stage accelerator pedal spring assembly is provided that allows the transition point between stroke stages to be adjusted in order to control pedal travel within the first stroke stage and provide the driver with a customizable accelerator pedal interface. The spring assembly, which uses two springs exhibiting different spring force, allows adjustment of the relative positions of the two springs in order to control the transition point between the first and second pedal stroke stages.
id-JP2015173589A    abstract-[challenges] to provide a method to perform a jump start or emergency charging process of a vehicle by transferring part of the battery energy from a vehicle with an operational battery to a vehicle with a non-operational battery. Solution: through the support vehicle 10 with the charged high voltage traction battery 14, the jump start process 36 or emergency charging process of the supported vehicle 28 with the discharged high voltage traction battery 32 is performed. The current path 24 from the inverter 16 of the supporting vehicle to the electric drive unit 12 is cut off, and the inverter output side of the supporting vehicle is connected to the electric drive unit 30 of the supporting vehicle, thus driving the inverter of the supporting vehicle, and the electric drive unit of the supporting vehicle is started. It's moving. In the emergency charging process, the output side of the inverter of the support vehicle is connected to the inverter 34 of the support vehicle, so as to drive the inverter of the support vehicle and charge the high voltage traction battery of the support vehicle. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-JP2015186272A    abstract-[problem] in a vehicle power supply consisting of an inverter and a converter, the electric charge of the smoothing capacitor installed in the inverter is discharged within the target discharge time. The inverter device 203 that converts the dc power of the main battery 205 into alternating current power and drives the motor 202, the smoothing capacitor 204 connected in parallel with the inverter, the charging and discharging of the capacitor and the inverter are controlled. The inverter control unit 208, the sub-battery 206 that supplies power to the control unit, the DC/DC converter 100 that reduces the voltage of the main battery to charge the sub-battery, and the D that controls the power of the DC/DC converter There is a C/DC converter control unit 209, and the DC/DC converter control unit 210 has a conversion efficiency deterioration unit 210, which controls the DC/DC converter loss to make the capacitor discharge action larger than the normal operation. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-JP2021170925A    abstract-[issues] to provide excavators with turning electric motor and power storage system that can operate properly even at low temperatures. The shovel in the embodiment of the present invention has a lower moving body 1, an upper moving body 3 and a capacitor 19. When the temperature information related to capacitor 19 is not within the reference temperature range, the shovel 19 is not within the reference temperature range. Set the control mode to limit the output of capacitor 19 during power operation. The shovel can also set the control mode of capacitor 19 and the main pump 14 to when the temperature information related to capacitor 19 is not within the reference temperature range. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-US9254760B2    abstract-A hybrid electric automotive powertrain includes an electric machine operable in propulsive and regenerative modes. The machine has positive and negative torque limits for the propulsive and regenerative modes, respectively, to reduce potential thermal damage to the machine due to overheating. The negative and positive torque limits are reduced independently as a temperature of the machine increases. The negative torque limit may be reduced at a greater rate than the positive torque limit.
id-US20170025922A1    abstract-Provided is a flywheel energy storage device including a radial magnetic gear, the radial magnetic gear includes an inner rotor, an outer rotor and N 1  first magnetic pole adjustment sheets embedded in a first magnetic pole adjustment sheet base; a disc-type magnetic gear electric motor includes a first stator disc, a first rotor disc, a second stator disc, a second rotor disc and a third rotor disc, the first stator disc with the first rotor disc form a first disc-type electric motor, the second stator disc with the second rotor disc form a second disc-type electric motor, and a disc-type magnetic gear is formed by the first rotor disc, the second rotor disc and the third rotor disc, and the first disc-type electric motor, the second disc-type electric motor and the disc-type magnetic gear are couple with one another to form the disc-type magnetic gear electric motor.
id-US9623862B2    abstract-In a control device, a control unit controls at least one switching element of a converter to increase a voltage supplied from a battery, thus outputting the increased voltage to a rotating electrical machine. The rotating electrical machine is capable of driving, based on the increased voltage output from the converter, an internal combustion engine, and capable of charging the battery based on torque supplied from the internal combustion engine. A limit unit limits, based on a change of an available maximum output of the internal combustion engine, the increased voltage output from the converter to be equal to or lower than a predetermined upper limit.
id-WO2015132327A1    abstract-The invention comprises a storage battery (1), a storage battery (2), an electronic product (4) and a storage unit (3), so that the cooling device has been trained to cool the storage battery (2) and the electronic product (4). In addition, there is a battery system, a storage battery (1) and multiple storage batteries (9), each of which has two storage batteries (2) and is supported by a cooling device (3). There is also a battery system (10) with such a battery for storing energy (1).
id-US20150258899A1    abstract-A vehicle such as a large truck may generate electricity for operating a hybrid engine or recharging batteries by use of an electricity generating driveshaft. The electricity generating driveshaft is comprised of a magnetized driveshaft which acts as a rotor, and a series of copper wire coils surrounding the magnetized driveshaft which acts as a stator in an electrical generator. As the magnetized driveshaft spins as a result of power from the hybrid engine, an electrical field is created which is captured by the copper wire coils and used to power the hybrid engine or recharge a supercapacitor. A truck may also be slowed by selectively activating magnets surrounding the driveshaft which slows the driveshaft rotation and thereby slows the speed of the truck to bring the truck to a stop while the driveshaft continues to generate electricity.
id-EP3121951A1    abstract-A self-charging type electromagnetic retarder having a main portion of the electromagnetic retarder consisting of a stator yoke, of a plurality of magnetic coils forming multi-phase connections, and of a steel rotor; a control device; an electric power generating type electromagnetic retarder potion having a driving device for a high revolution region consisting of transistors opened and closed by a drive pulse for the high revolution region issued from the control device, respectively; a capacitor portion storing therein an excess electric power; a diode for preventing a reverse-current; and a driving device for a low revolution region consisting of transistors opened and closed by a drive pulse for the low revolution region issued from the control circuit, respectively. The magnetic coils of each phase are connected with capacitors so as to form a resonance circuit, respectively. Each of the transistors for the high revolution region is connected in series to each of the multi-phase connections. Each of the transistors for the low revolution region is connected in series to each of the multi-phase connections through the capacitor portion and the diode. At the high revolution region, the excess electric power obtained from the electric power generating type electromagnetic retarder portion is stored in the capacitor portion, and at the low revolution region, the magnetic coils are excited by the electric power stored in the capacitor portion.
id-JP2015192489A    abstract-[problem] switch the operating mode of the power converter appropriately. The power control device 40 is between the first mode for power conversion when multiple power storage devices (31, 32) are electrically connected in series and the second mode for power conversion when multiple power storage devices are electrically connected in parallel. A power control device that controls a power system 30 including a power converter 33 that can switch operating modes when the power limit (W (0)) representing the allowable power that can be input or output to the power system is set to the second limit value (W (p)). The switching unit 40 switches the working mode of the power converter from the second mode to the first mode after the change unit changes the power limit value to the first limit value (W (s)). Select diagram: figure 6
id-WO2015141235A1    abstract-A first element terminal is connected to one end of the conductor, and a second element terminal is connected to the other end of the conductor. It has a magnetic element connected to the device. The power sensor has a measuring resistor at one end connected to the second element terminal of the magnetic element, and a detector that detects the dc component of the voltage between the first and second element terminals. The magnetic elements are arranged in such a way that the direction from the first element terminal to the second is roughly parallel to the electric wire connected to the target device at the time of measurement.
id-US10005317B2    abstract-A method of thermal management for an electrically motorized wheel, the method can include defining a thermally conductive path from at least one component, the at least one component becoming heated during operation of the electrically motorized wheel, providing the path with a thermally conductive material and further defining the path such that the path contacts the at least one component, further defining the path such that the path contacts a hub shell assembly of the electrically motorized wheel thereby conducting heat from the at least one component to the hub shell assembly.
id-US10308065B2    abstract-A spoke for a wheel can include a first end, a second end, and an attachment section therebetween, the first end and the second end extend at an acute angle with respect to each other, the attachment section including a non-circular portion in cross-section.
id-US9884548B2    abstract-A support block for a torque arm on a vehicle can include a first indentation and a second indentation each having an opening adapted to accept a portion of a torque arm, the first indentation and the second indentation each having a relief cut opposite the opening into which a portion of a torque arm can fit.
id-US9815363B2    abstract-A system, method, and device for operations of an electrically motorized vehicle. The vehicle can utilize an electrically motorized wheel to convert a non-motorized wheeled vehicle to an electrically motorized wheeled vehicle. A method of controlling the device of the electrically motorized wheel includes detecting a temperature of an electric motor of the electrically motorized wheel and controlling operation of the electric motor to maintain the detected temperature within a desired range.
id-US20160075177A1    abstract-A user interface for an electrically motorized wheel with a hub shell assembly, the user interface can include a user interface cover plate for a user interface panel that provides for operation of the electrically motorized wheel, the user interface cover plate rotationally stationary relative to a rotatable portion of the hub shell assembly, the user interface cover plate including an antenna aperture for an antenna of a wireless system.
id-US20160075226A1    abstract-A method of battery maintenance for an electrically motorized wheel can include accessing a contoured battery within the electrically motorized wheel while each of a multiple of spokes of the electrically motorized wheel remains laced.
id-US20170117827A1    abstract-A drive control system includes a battery, a direct current/direct current converter, a first motor, a second motor, and a controller. The battery is a direct-current power supply. The direct current/direct current converter is connected to the battery. The first motor is connected to the direct current/direct current converter, and drives one of a front wheel and a rear wheel. The second motor is connected to the battery, and drives the other one of the front wheel and the rear wheel, which is different from the wheel that the first motor drives. The controller controls step-up operation of the direct current/direct current converter, and executes intermittent step-up control. When a required driving force of a vehicle changes during a stop of the direct current/direct current converter through the intermittent step-up control, the second motor outputs an amount of change in the required driving force.
id-US9496790B2    abstract-In a power conversion apparatus, a secondary winding is connected between main terminals of one of two circuit elements included in a main series circuit, and a voltage applied to a primary winding induces a voltage in a secondary winding in a direction from a first main terminal of a secondary winding, which is disposed at a low-potential side of the main series circuit, toward a second main terminal of a secondary winding, which is disposed at a high-potential side of the main series circuit. A rectifying unit blocks a current flowing from the high-potential side of the main series circuit toward the low-potential side of the main series circuit in a current path that includes the secondary winding and bypasses one of the two circuit elements included in the main series circuit.
id-JPWO2015151262A1    abstract-The electric system 30 of the electric motorcycle 10 includes a battery 32. Battery 32 drives the first electric motor 44 and the second electric motor 52. The first transmission part is arranged between the first rotor 46 of the first electric motor 44 and the first output shaft 50, and the second transmission part is arranged between the second rotor 54 of the second electric motor 52 and the second output shaft 62. The first electric motor 44 and the second electric motor 52 are electrically connected through the connection part. The first transmission part is configured so that the first rotor 46 and the first output shaft 50 are bidirectional coupled, and the second transmission part includes a one-way clutch 56, which does not transmit the driving force from the second output shaft 62 to the second rotor 54. The driving force is transmitted to the second output shaft 62.
id-US20150291037A1    abstract-A number of variations may include a motor/energy generator and energy storage device combination.
id-US20150291138A1    abstract-Exemplary illustrations of a method are disclosed, including determining a baseline gradient and an increased gradient for a brake application force for a vehicle. Exemplary methods may further include actuating the baseline gradient in response to a first braking event for the vehicle, and actuating the increased gradient in response to a second braking event for the vehicle. Exemplary illustrations of a vehicle may include a braking system configured to apply braking force to at least one wheel of the vehicle, and a controller. The controller may be configured to determine a baseline gradient and an increased gradient for a brake application force for a vehicle. The controller may be configured to actuate the baseline gradient in response to a first braking event for the vehicle, and actuate the increased gradient in response to a second braking event for the vehicle.
id-WO2015152405A1    abstract-The power supply system of the embodiment includes a secondary battery and a control unit. When the temperature of the secondary battery is less than the predetermined temperature, the control unit controls the voltage of the secondary battery so that the voltage falls between the upper and lower voltages.
id-US10358047B2    abstract-An electric power storage system for a vehicle includes a temperature sensor configured to detect a temperature of a battery, a battery heater, a charger connectable with an external power supply and configured to deliver external power to the battery and the battery heater, and a controller. In the system, a first electric power is supplied to the battery heater when the state of charge of the battery is larger than a predetermined value and the temperature of the battery is equal to or lower than the predetermined temperature, and a second electric power is supplied to the battery heater when the state of charge of the battery is equal to or smaller than the predetermined value and the temperature of the battery is equal to or lower than the predetermined temperature. The first electric power is smaller than the second electric power.
id-US9616757B2    abstract-A method and apparatus for controlling regenerative braking of a vehicle are provided. The method of controlling regenerative braking of a vehicle includes: receiving information regarding the scheduled driving route from a path information providing device, estimating a regenerable segment based on the information regarding the scheduled driving route and calculating a regenerable energy amount based on the regenerable segment, calculating a dischargeable energy amount based on the regenerable energy amount and setting a dischargeable segment and a discharge control amount based on the dischargeable energy amount, controlling discharge of a battery based on the discharge control amount at the dischargeable segment and measuring an actually discharged actual discharge energy amount; and controlling regenerative braking of a battery based on a regeneration control amount at the regenerable segment and measuring actually regenerated entire regeneration energy amount.
id-US10115247B2    abstract-A method is provided for controlling charging of an electric energy storage system in a vehicle including an electric machine which is arranged for propulsion of the vehicle. The method includes initiating the charging upon connection of the energy storage system to an external power supply via a first connector element associated with the vehicle and a second connector element associated with the external power supply, and monitoring a contact resistance defined by the connection of the connector elements. Furthermore, the method includes measuring and calculating the power loss over the connector elements during the charging, and generating an error signal if the power loss is higher than a predetermined threshold value, the error signal being dependent on the magnitude of the power loss. An arrangement for controlling charging of an electric energy storage system in a vehicle is also provided.
id-US20150336523A1    abstract-A vehicle power supply apparatus includes: a switching element; a DC-DC converter; and a control unit. During an idling stop, the control unit turns on the switching element, and controls the DC-DC converter to discharge electricity from an electricity storage unit to supply electric power to loads, and when the voltage of the electricity storage unit decreases to a predetermined value, the control unit stops discharging to hold electric power of the electricity storage unit, continuously maintains the switching element ON to supply electric power to the loads, and transmits a signal indicating that the idling stop can be continuously maintained. When the idling stop ends and an engine is re-started, the control unit turns off the switching element, and controls the DC-DC converter to discharge electricity from the electricity storage unit to supply remaining electric power of the electricity storage unit to a second load.
id-US20150336474A1    abstract-A vehicle power supply apparatus includes: a switching element; a DC-DC converter; and a control unit. When a vehicle is travelling, and a generator does not generate electricity, if a voltage of an electricity storage unit is greater than a predetermined value, the control unit turns on the switching element, and controls driving of the DC-DC converter such that the electricity storage unit discharges electricity to supply electric power of the electricity storage unit to loads, and even if the voltage of the electricity storage unit decreases to the predetermined value, as long as the vehicle speed is greater than or equal to a threshold value, the control unit turns on the switching element, and controls the driving of the DC-DC converter such that the electricity storage unit discharges electricity to supply the electric power of the electricity storage unit to the loads.
id-US20150321564A1    abstract-A method and an apparatus for controlling regenerative braking of a hybrid electric vehicle are provided and that adjust a regenerative braking torque by classifying as at least two or more regenerative braking modes and applying different regenerative braking slopes to each mode. The apparatus includes a motor controller that is configured to adjust a driving torque of a motor and a brake controller that is configured to adjust hydraulic pressure supplied to a brake cylinder of a wheel by calculating a braking torque. A hybrid controller is configured to adjust a regenerative braking torque by classifying as at least two or more regenerative braking modes and applying different regenerative braking slopes based on each mode.
id-WO2015172924A1    abstract-The point of installation is the Energiespeichers comprehensive at least one backup power supply (20) and the first phase of the second backup power supply (28), the Gleichspannungswandler(16), the launcher (14), and an electronic machine (30), thus for the launcher (14) on Ansteu The erung electric machine (30 years old) and/or Gleichspannungswandler(16) are trained in the way of the first energy storage period (30), which is based on the state of the second energy storage period (28).
id-US20150328992A1    abstract-A method of braking a machine having an electric retarding system and a friction brake system is disclosed. The method includes determining a desired retarding torque based at least in part on an operator input. The method further includes determining a maximum retarding torque of the electric retarding system based at least in part on a maximum grid fan speed. The maximum grid fan speed is predetermined according to a noise requirement of the machine. The method also includes actuating the electric retarding system to supply an output torque based on the desired retarding torque and the maximum retarding torque. The method includes actuating the friction brake system to supply a friction braking torque if the output torque is lesser than the desired retarding torque.
id-US20150346696A1    abstract-An example method includes operating an electric machine to produce a torque output and a non-torque output. The method maintains the torque output and intentionally increases the non-torque output to produce a desired condition in an electric vehicle.
id-US10784498B2    abstract-A positive electrode contains a first active material and a second active material. The first active material and the second active material each contain a lithium composite oxide containing at least manganese (Mn), nickel (Ni), and cobalt (Co) as transition metals. The first active material has a particulate shape. An average porosity V1 in a particle of the first active material satisfies 10[%]V130[%]. An average particle diameter D1 of the first active material satisfies 6 [m]D120 [m]. The second active material has a particulate shape. An average porosity V2 in a particle of the second active material satisfies 0[%]V210[%]. An average particle diameter D2 of the second active material satisfies 1 [m]D26 [m].
id-US9643611B2    abstract-A control signal output unit (a drive control unit) executes control to retain a gear position corresponding to a motor generator during deceleration of a vehicle and regeneration executed by the motor generator.
id-US20170063218A1    abstract-There is provided a power converter which can suppress a surge voltage and reduce noise flowing from an input of a power changer.      The power converter includes an inverter circuit  140,  a capacitor  514  for smoothing DC power, a capacitor  515  for removing noise, and conductors  564   p  and  564   n.  The conductors  564   p  and  564   n  are connected to the capacitors  514  and  515  when power side terminals  562   p  and  562   n  are connected to an inverter circuit  140,  and power source side terminals  561   p  and  561   n  are connected to a battery  136.  In the conductors  564   p  and  564   n , a parasitic inductance L 1  between capacitor terminals  563   p  and  563   n  and capacitor terminals  560   p  and  560   n  is larger than a parasitic inductance L 2  between capacitor terminals  563   p  and  563   n  and the power side terminals  562   p  and  562   n.
id-US20150372624A1    abstract-An electric motor control system includes an inverter, an element temperature observation data acquiring device, a rotational speed upper limit setting device, and a rotational speed limiter. The inverter includes switching elements. The element temperature observation data acquiring device is configured to acquire element temperature observation data indicating an observation value of a temperature of the switching elements of the inverter. The rotational speed upper limit setting device is configured to set a rotational speed upper limit of an electric motor in accordance with the observation value of the temperature of the switching elements so as to satisfy a first condition that a voltage applicable to the switching elements in a case where the electric motor is operated at the rotational speed upper limit is lower than or equal to a withstand voltage of the switching elements.
id-US20170137031A1    abstract-A vehicle control apparatus is a vehicle control apparatus controlling a vehicle and provided with a regenerative device generating electric power while applying a regenerative braking force by performing regenerative electric power generation, an electric power supply capable of exchanging electric power with the regenerative device, and a hydraulic device applying a hydraulic braking force attributable to a hydraulic pressure, and is provided with an electronic control device controlling the regenerative device and the hydraulic device so as to adjust the ratios of the regenerative braking force and the hydraulic braking force to a required braking force required for the braking of the vehicle based on an input electric power value input into the electric power supply.
id-JP2018122854A    abstract-[challenges] a regenerative braking system that maintains a high level of generator brake torque even under ABS control and enables standard hydraulic wheel control functions for ABS control. [solution] the control device for the regenerative brake system has electronic control circuit, and the generator type braking wheel of the vehicle equipped with the regenerative brake system is activated by the motor of the regenerative brake system respectively. Friction values generated on each wheel in relation to the form in which the target value Mfinal related to the target generator brake torque is defined and the control signal corresponding to the target value Mfinal can be output to the motor The first value associated with fr1, fr2, fr1, Consider fr2 to define the preset value associated with the minimum hydraulic brake torque Mhyd to be applied to the wheel, and consider the specified preset value Mhyd to define the target value Mfinal. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-EP2957745A1    abstract-An electrolyzer converts brackish water to hydrogen and oxygen which are utilized in the multiple cylinder IC engine to reduce the amount of diesel utilized in the power plant. This improves emissions and reduces energy cost of operating the engine. Storage tanks for the oxygen and hydrogen are embedded in the diesel fuel tank to provide dual-walled protection for enhanced security and safety in transporting and storing the hydrogen. Possible energy sources for powering the electrolyzer include third rail technology, multiple unit (MU) jumper cables attached to power sources in refueling stations, a solar collector array, and traction motors associated with a dynamic brake system for the vehicle.
id-US10446887B2    abstract-A battery pack includes a battery cell, a thermal interface material adjacent the battery cell and a heater element integrated with the thermal interface material.
id-US20160031433A1    abstract-A method and apparatus for controlling a speed change of a hybrid vehicle are provided. The apparatus includes an engine for combustion of fuel to generate power and a motor that is configured to supplement the power from the engine and operate as a generator during braking to generate electrical energy and store the generated electrical energy generated a battery. A transmission is configured to convert the power from the engine to a required torque based on a speed and transmit the power to wheels and is directly connected to the motor. In addition, a controller is configured to operate the transmission to shift in a constant power section of the motor when the motor is performing regenerative braking. The apparatus minimizes the sense of difference felt by a driver by shifting in the constant power section of the motor during the regenerative braking of a hybrid vehicle.
id-WO2016013243A1    abstract-It provides technology to manage the power of a vehicle with a small capacity storage device. Electric motor 202 is driven by the power stored in storage battery 201 as the power source. Power management system 100a includes power management equipment 10 and running control equipment 40. The power management equipment 10 has a running control planning department 1 and a section effective road gradient information storage department 2. The section effective road gradient information storage section 2 stores the section road gradient information including the section gradient information of the road section in which vehicle B is driving. According to the interval effective road gradient information Q read from the interval effective road gradient information storage part 2, the driving control plan P for the vehicle to run is made. The running control device 40 performs the running control of the vehicle according to the running control plan P. In the section effective road gradient information Q, which indicates that the vehicle is running on a downward slope, the gradient is steeper than the predetermined gradient that depends on the vehicle.
id-US10003193B2    abstract-A power supply includes a load, an electric power line connected to the load, first and second DC power supplies which supply electric power to the load, an electric power converter connected between the electric power line and the first and the second DC power supplies, and a controller controlling the electric power converter. The first DC power supply serves for a voltage control, while the second DC power supply serves for an electric power control. The controller sets a difference between an electric power requested by the load and target output electric power of the first DC power supply as target output electric power of the second DC power supply, and compensates the target output electric power of the first DC power supply in accordance with a difference between the actual and the target output electric powers of the second DC power supply.
id-WO2016004964A1    abstract-The current invention is related to a negative pressure car engine, where the tanks are emptied from atmospheric pressure and when the valves are opened, pressure differences are taken advantage of the flow of air through a wind turbine which drives them around and the rotational motion of the car is taken advantage of, the opening and closing of the valves are controlled by the hydraulic press.
id-US20170201165A1    abstract-A three-phase permanent magnet electric motor-generator includes a stator having a plurality of teeth, each provided with a respective electric winding implemented by a conducting wire and with a respective heading polar expansion, divided into groups each one corresponding to a phase, by obtaining at the same time a reduced short-circuit current. The distance between adjacent polar expansions is the minimum one so as to allow the passage of a conducting wire. By identifying a first magnetic circuit comprising two adjacent teeth, the respective rotor and stator yokes, the thicknesses of the respective permanent magnets and the corresponding air gap, and a second magnetic circuit having two adjacent teeth, the respective rotor yokes, the respective halves of the faced polar expansions of said adjacent teeth and the distance between such polar expansions, the magnetic reluctances of the first and second circuit have the same order of magnitude.
id-US10093308B2    abstract-A vehicle electronic stability control system which allows a vehicle to have improved movement performance and limit performance without causing a driver to feel uncomfortable, by actuating electronic stability control from a state where a lateral slip is relatively less likely to occur. The system prevents a skid of a vehicle. The system is provided with a stability determination module that obtains information indicating vehicle behavior from a sensor, and determines whether the vehicle is in an unstable or less stable state, on the basis of the information. The system is further provided with a braking/driving force control module which, when the stability determination module determines that the vehicle is in the unstable or less stable state, applies a braking force to one of the drive wheels, and simultaneously applies a driving force to the motor for the other drive wheel.
id-US20170225742A1    abstract-A bicycle configurable for operating using a speed based control system and scheme or a torque based control system and scheme. A speed sensor or a torque sensor may detect an operating characteristic of the bicycle and a controller may determine whether to operate using a speed based control system and scheme or a torque based control system and scheme based on the operating characteristic. A signal from a speed sensor or a torque sensor may be used for determining the mechanical limits of a CVT range and when to incorporate an electric motor.
id-US9333877B2    abstract-A method of controlling a creep torque of a vehicle includes: determining whether the vehicle is in a creep driving state based on an accelerator pedal position value; determining whether a vehicle speed is greater than a set vehicle speed; determining at a first time whether a deceleration condition is satisfied when the vehicle speed is greater than the set vehicle speed; when the deceleration condition is satisfied at the first time, storing a first time at which the deceleration condition is satisfied and determining whether a deceleration release condition is satisfied; when it is determined that the deceleration release condition is satisfied, determining at a second time whether the deceleration condition is satisfied; and when it is determined that the deceleration condition is satisfied at the second time, storing the second time at which the deceleration condition is satisfied.
id-US10081350B2    abstract-A vehicle propulsion system includes a plurality of power sources coupled to a final drive of the vehicle propulsion system. A controller is programmed to determine a desired power demand from the power sources and operate a number of the power sources to produce the desired power demand. The controller identifies a least efficient power source of the power sources and controls the least efficient power source to produce power at an optimum operating point of the least efficient power source. The controller also identifies a power output of the least efficient power source corresponding to the optimum operating point, compares the power output of the least efficient power source to the desired power demand, identifies a remaining power demand from the comparison, and controls another power source to produce the remaining power demand.
id-US9669834B2    abstract-A regenerative control device for a hybrid vehicle includes a regenerative braking power control unit prohibiting or limiting execution of first regenerative braking to charge the battery with power generated by the regenerative power generation of the traveling motor generator during deceleration when it is determined that it is necessary to restrict charging of the battery. Under condition where the execution of the first regenerative braking is prohibited or limited, the regenerative braking power control unit causes second regenerative braking to transmit rotary driving power to the engine by rotating the power generation motor generator by the power generated by the regenerative power generation, to be executed when the operation unit is set to a regeneration level in an increasing direction, and causes the second regenerative braking to be stopped when the operation unit is set to a regeneration level in a decreasing direction.
id-JP2020018167A    abstract-[challenges] we will provide a control system to control the supply of power from the energy storage system of the vehicle propulsion system to the DC bus. The control system includes a controller 64. The controller determines the real-time operating speed of the traction motor 46, compares the real-time operating speed of the traction motor 46 with the desired speed based on the lookup table, and changes the voltage of the propulsion system 10 based on the comparison. As a result, the program selectively controls at least one voltage converter 26. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US9371061B2    abstract-A regenerative braking apparatus of a vehicle includes: an engine that supplies power to front wheels of the vehicle; a hybrid starting generator (HSG) that starts the engine; an engine clutch that is disposed between the engine and a transmission and selectively transmits power from the engine to the front wheels; a motor that supplies power to the rear wheels of the vehicle; a battery that stores electrical energy generated by the HSG and the motor; and a controller that generates friction braking torque on the front wheels when necessary braking torque of the front wheels is larger than regenerative braking torque of the front wheels, and that generates friction braking torque on the rear wheels when necessary braking torque of the rear wheels is larger than regenerative braking torque of the rear wheels, in braking of the vehicle.
id-US11316221B2    abstract-The present disclosure relates to a battery module that includes a housing having a first protruding shelf along a first perimeter of the housing, a second protruding shelf along a second perimeter of the housing, where the first and second protruding shelves each include an absorptive material configured to absorb a first laser emission. The battery module also includes an electronics compartment cover configured to be coupled to the housing via a first laser weld, and a cell receptacle region cover configured to be coupled to the housing via a second laser weld. The electronics compartment cover has a first transparent material configured to transmit the first laser emission toward the first protruding shelf and the cell receptacle region cover has a second transparent material configured to transmit the first laser emission or a second laser emission toward the second protruding shelf.
id-US9246417B1    abstract-One exemplary aspect of this disclosure relates to a method including the step of controlling a level of regenerative torque to at least partially meet a braking request. The level of regenerative torque is gradually introduced at a controlled rate.
id-US10245956B2    abstract-A discharge control device controls a discharge bypass circuit for discharging a charge in a capacitor provided in a drive device for a motor that rotates wheels of a vehicle at time of a collision of the vehicle. The discharge control device includes a control circuit that makes the discharge bypass circuit start discharge if an induced voltage by the motor surpasses a predetermined threshold.
id-US20160052521A1    abstract-A method and an apparatus are provided for distributing a braking force to braking units upon braking of an eco-friendly vehicle equipped with a motor. The distribution of a braking force of a vehicle includes a creep torque to calculate a total braking force and distribute the total braking force to each braking unit to provide a more uniform braking force based on a vehicle speed.
id-US10183694B1    abstract-A vehicle drive and control system includes an input shaft driven by a prime mover and extending into a housing to drive a generator. An electric motor powered by the generator drives an output axle, which may be a single axle extending out one side of the housing, or a through shaft extending through the electric motor and out both sides of the housing. The input shaft may be parallel to the axle. A generator controller is configured to back-drive the generator when certain predetermined conditions are met. A motor controller may control an output of the motor based on input received via an operator control device, and the motor controller is configured to operate the motor as a generator under certain operating conditions. The transaxle includes a common housing in which the power generator, the motor, and controllers for the generator and electric motor are disposed.
id-US9387766B2    abstract-A vehicle includes a transmission, energy storage system (ESS), power inverter module (PIM), and controller. The PIM includes a boost converter having a bypass switch and a first plurality of switches, and also a power inverter having a second plurality of switches. The controller is programmed to execute a method that enables a DC boost converter of the PIM by opening the bypass switch when a speed and a torque of the electric machine are within a predetermined boost range. The controller bypasses the boost converter by transmitting a second switching signal closing the bypass switch when the speed and torque are not within the predetermined boost range. A voltage input to the power inverter is equal to the DC battery voltage whenever the boost converter is bypassed and exceeds the DC battery voltage whenever the boost converter is enabled.
id-US9787101B2    abstract-An electrical system for an aircraft with an electric taxi system (ETS), the electrical system may include at least one traction motor, a DC link and at least one traction-motor bidirectional DC-AC converter interposed between the at least one traction motor and the DC link. An engine-driven power source may be configured to provide DC power to the DC link or extract DC power from the DC link. A battery unit may be configured to provide DC power to the DC link or extract DC power from the DC link. An adaptive power controller may be interconnected with the power source, the battery unit and the at least one traction-motor bidirectional DC-AC converter and configured to regulate voltage of DC power delivered to the DC link.
id-US10530219B1    abstract-A generator and clutch assembly is disclosed for use in a vehicle and includes a rotatable input, an electric generator in a generator housing, a clutch rotor by driven by the rotatable input, and an electric clutch and brake assembly which may be integrated with the generator housing. A field coil may be mounted to an external surface of the generator housing. The generator and clutch may be offset and connected by means of a transfer system having a transfer housing, wherein a field coil is mounted to an external surface of the transfer housing.
id-US9783040B2    abstract-A drive wheel having an electric wheel hub motor for a motor vehicle includes a stator arranged around a wheel hub and is connected to the wheel hub in a non-rotatable manner. A rotor is mounted in such a manner that it can rotate relative to the stator to drive a wheel rim connected to the rotor in a non-rotatable manner. At least two energy storage devices are arranged between the wheel hub and the stator to output electrical energy for operation of the electric wheel hub motor. The energy storage devices are embodied in each case in the shape of a ring segment in such a manner that the energy storage devices form a closed ring around the wheel hub when lying adjacent to one another.
id-WO2016037838A2    abstract-The invention relates to the technique of operating a power plant that requires at least a powered vehicle by the following steps: (1) testing whether the momentum can reach the target position under the current driving condition; A set of signs, displayed to the driver of a powered vehicle, indicating that a target can be reached by rolling; Track the driver's reaction time from the start of the advertisement until the driver starts pulling the engine;  At higher reaction times, start the motor to generate a delay signal.
id-WO2016041601A1    abstract-The present invention relates to an electric machine assembly comprising an electric DC or AC machine having a plurality of power terminals for supply of a DC or AC generator voltage and receipt of a DC or AC input drive voltage. A motor control unit is operatively coupled to the electric machine and comprises a bi-directional AC/DC power converter which is configured to operate in a first conversion mode for conversion of the DC or AC generator voltage into a rectified DC voltage at first and second battery connections of the motor control unit and a second conversion mode for conversion of a DC battery voltage applied at the first and second battery connections into the DC or AC input drive voltage. A controller of the motor control unit is coupled to the bi-directional AC/DC power converter for selection of one of the first and second conversion modes. The motor control unit comprises an overvoltage protection circuit operatively coupled between the first and second battery connections. The overvoltage protection circuit comprises a first controllable semiconductor device configured to selectively electrically connect or disconnect the first and second battery connections in accordance with a first trigger signal applied to a control terminal of the controllable semiconductor device. A trigger voltage generator coupled to the first and second battery connections is configured to generate the first trigger signal in response to the rectified DC voltage exceeding a predetermined trigger voltage level.
id-US20170288547A1    abstract-An electric source control apparatus has: a determining device for determining whether a converter operates in a first mode or a second mode, wherein the first mode prioritizes increase of efficiency of the electric power conversion than the second mode does and the second mode prioritizes suppression of increase of element temperature of the switching element than the first mode does; and a controlling device for controlling the converter so that (i) a switching pattern becomes a first pattern, if the converter operates in the first mode and (ii) the switching pattern becomes a second pattern, if the converter operates in the second mode, wherein the first pattern is capable of increasing the efficiency of the electric power conversion more than the second pattern is and the second pattern is capable of suppressing the increase of the element temperature more than the first pattern is.
id-EP2998149A1    abstract-The invention involves a land vehicle powered entirely by electricity. It was invented for each wheel of the Radnabenmotor to provide that all Radnabenmotoren were controlled from a central electronic transmitter, and this central transmitter was Zustandsgroen Stromstarke, the electric look, each wheel, this battery of Ladezustand Old Lady, is then determined and sent to the core sensor launcher using the stored wind turbine for wheel lift control, and also using the parking description to describe the configuration of the key drive components associated with the parking description to correlate with the engine operation. Control without interruption.
id-US10099562B2    abstract-Embodiments describe a battery system that includes a first battery module coupled to a regenerative braking system and a control module that controls operation of the battery system by: determining a predicted driving pattern over a prediction horizon using a driving pattern recognition model based in part on a battery current and a previous driving pattern; determining a predicted battery resistance of the first battery module over the prediction horizon using a recursive battery model based in part on the predicted driving pattern, the battery current, a present bus voltage, and a previous bus voltage; determining a target trajectory of a battery temperature of the first battery module over a control horizon using an objective function; and controlling magnitude and duration of electrical power supplied from the regenerative such that a predicted trajectory of the battery temperature is guided toward the target trajectory of the battery temperature during the control horizon.
id-US10392057B2    abstract-A vehicle comprising a framework in form of beam, wheel, drive and braking system, while the vehicle is partially loaded with the weigh of user and the user stands on roller skates and holds the vehicle on the beam so that the wheel is behind the user and contacts with its tire the road surface; and when the user activates the drive, the wheel starts rotating and, as a result of friction between the wheel's tire and the road surface, there arises a force making the vehicle with user move. Additionally, another technique for operation of the same vehicle is being offered, at which the vehicle on the move is positioned in the front of user.
id-US10386269B2    abstract-According to one embodiment, an electric-vehicle testing apparatus includes processing circuitry. The circuitry generates a first signal corresponding to accelerator operation amount and a second signal corresponding to brake operation amount in accordance with test conditions. The circuitry controls torque of a test motor included in a test object. The circuitry computes running resistance to be assumed using a rotation speed of the test motor. The circuitry computes braking force using the second signal and an actual vehicle speed obtained from the rotation speed of the test motor. The circuitry controls torque of a load motor coupled to the test motor, based on a second command value corresponding to the running resistance and the braking force.
id-US9834096B2    abstract-A braking control method of an eco-friendly vehicle includes calculating, if a braking manipulation performed by a driver is sensed, a motor torque command according to a regenerative braking permissible amount. If it is determined that a motor has been normally driven, a regenerative braking execution amount is calculated from the motor torque command. Motor control for regenerative braking is performed according to the motor torque command. A friction braking amount satisfying the total braking amount is calculated from the regenerative braking execution amount according to the braking manipulation performed by the driver, thereby controlling friction braking to generate braking power corresponding to the friction braking amount.
id-US20160105132A1    abstract-A system and a method for controlling regenerative braking of an electric vehicle are provided. The system and method calculate an available torque considering a battery system and an available torque considering a motor system to improve an accuracy of regenerative braking amount. The method includes calculating an available torque considering a battery system and an available torque considering a motor system when regenerative braking of the electric vehicle is required and calculating a regenerative braking capacity based on the available torque considering the battery system and the available torque considering the motor system.
id-US20160111990A1    abstract-An alternator voltage may be controlled based on a proportional gain scheduling in response to an engine load of an internal combustion engine and/or a state of charge (SOC) deviation for a battery based on a target SOC of the battery and an actual SOC of the battery. The alternator voltage may be a voltage less than a current battery voltage under high engine loads to enable the battery to power an accessory system and the alternator voltage may be a voltage greater than a voltage of the battery under low engine loads or engine loads less than high engine loads to enable the alternator to charge the battery.
id-US10577048B2    abstract-In one aspect, a controller for driving a motor of the present invention includes a driving control unit that controls driving of a motor, and a regenerative control unit that instructs the driving control unit to start regeneration when a signal from a pedal rotation sensor that detects a rotation direction of the pedal indicates that the rotation direction of the pedal is backwards, the regenerative control unit controlling an amount of the regeneration in accordance with a backward rotation amount of the pedal while the rotation direction of the pedal is backwards, the backward rotation amount being obtained by the pedal rotation sensor.
id-US9840148B2    abstract-A control system for an electric motor usable as a generator of a vehicle includes: a first control device and a second control device each configured to define, in consideration of at least one furnished first specification signal with regard to a driver-requested or autonomously requested braking input, at least one target braking torque variable with regard to at least one generator braking torque to be exerted by way of the at least one electric motor on at least one wheel of the vehicle and/or on at least one axle of the vehicle, and to output to the at least one electric motor, and/or to at least one electronic control system of the at least one electric motor, at least one output signal corresponding to the at least one target braking torque variable.
id-EP3012143A1    abstract-A power generation system adopted for use on a vehicle (10) comprises a first rotary member (20), a second rotary member (21), a transmission gear set (22) and a brake module (23). The first rotary member (20) includes a first gear (201), an electromagnetic winding (202), a housing space (203) for installation of the second rotary member (21) and an electric output portion (205). The second rotary member (21) includes a second gear (211) with a gear ratio smaller than that of the first gear, an excitation winding (212) and an electric input portion (213). The transmission gear set (22) includes at least one transmission gear (222) to engage with the first gear (201) and the second gear (211). The transmission gear (222) is driven by the first gear (201) to drive the second gear (211) to rotate in a direction opposite to the first gear (201). The brake module (23) detects operation condition of a brake pedal (15) and a drive pedal (13) made by the driver, and outputs an excitation current to the electric output portion (205) via a first brush (231) to generate electric power.
id-WO2016059356A3    abstract-The vehicle (1) comprises a tractor axle (3) connected to an internal combustion engine (5), a directional axle (2) and an auxiliary axle (4) which is neither steering nor motorized. When said vehicle is hybridized according to the method of the invention, the wheels of the complementary axle (4) are removed and replaced by motor-wheels (12a, 12b) each associated with an inverter (13a, 13b) which is specifically dedicated to it in order to supply it with electrical energy from an electric energy accumulator (14). A control box (16) is also installed, integrating acceleration control means connected to the accelerator pedal (7) and deceleration control means connected to the brake pedal (8) in order to control and monitor all the means necessary for the acceleration and deceleration of the vehicle in a manner transparent to the driver.
id-WO2016058806A1    abstract-The invention involves an electric drive system with accelerators and batteries that can start both the heating system and the vehicle system, Thus includes the power system: at least one Wechselrichter is added with connections to the Akkumulator, managing Synchronmaschine Steuerschaltung Trennschaltung Akkumulator and Wechselrichter are both Trennschaltung Gleichrichter-Diode (D4) and also include Gleichrichter-Diode (D4) prevention of the uncontrollable shop of Akkumulators and/or the idea of Verpolung Wechselrichters. One method of this invention is to have a coupling (M7) in the separation circuit, parallel to the first step of the platoon method (D4), in the platoon method there is a coupling (M7), We want to bypass the exhaust (D4), so we can't detach. Umgehungselement (M7) can be a Halbleiter-Bauelement action, favoring the transistor, especially the P-Channel Feldeffekt-Transistor. This invention involves both the engine of the car and the battery and storage battery. And improved energy appliances.
id-US10239629B2    abstract-A method for recycling motor power includes controlling a first motor of an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) in a decelerating state to work in concert with a second motor of the UAV in an accelerating state to effect rotation of the UAV, receiving power from the first motor at a power bus in electrical connection with the first motor and the second motor, and providing a portion of the received power to the second motor through the power bus during the rotation of the UAV.
id-US9821662B2    abstract-A braking force (BF) control system includes: a first required BF calculator that calculates, based on a position of the brake pedal, a first required friction BF allocated to the friction brake and a first required regenerative BF allocated to regenerative control of the drive motor; a second required BF calculator that calculates, based on a position of the acceleration pedal, a second required friction BF allocated to the friction brake and a second required regenerative BF allocated to the regenerative control; a regenerative total BF calculation/execution portion that calculates a regenerative total BF based on the first and second required regenerative BFs and performs the regenerative control based on the regenerative total BF; and a friction total BF calculation/execution portion that calculates a friction total BF based on the first and second required friction BFs and controls the friction brake based on the friction total BF.
id-US9421871B2    abstract-A motor controller includes an inter-vehicle sensor detecting an inter-vehicle distance between an own vehicle and a front vehicle, a speed sensor detecting a speed difference between a speed of the own vehicle and a speed of the front vehicle, an accelerator sensor detecting an accelerator pressing quantity, and a control portion controlling a regeneration torque of the motor based on the inter-vehicle distance, the speed difference, and the accelerator pressing quantity. When the control portion determines that the accelerator pressing quantity is less than or equal to a predetermined pressing quantity, the control portion determines that a speed-reduction request is generated. When the control portion determines that the inter-vehicle distance is no more than a first predetermined distance and when the own vehicle is in an approaching state, the control portion increases the regeneration torque of the motor, so as to generate a regeneration braking force.
id-WO2016083690A1    abstract-Battery Pack for a motor vehicle equipped with an electric traction motor and an electric board network (R2), comprising a set of cells (C 1 to C N) comprising a first group of cells (G1) to power the electric motor and a second group (G2) of at least one cell, adapted to power the board network of the vehicle.
id-US20160129810A1    abstract-A vehicle includes a front-wheel/rear-wheel motor, a battery and an ECU. The ECU is configured to (i) control the front-wheel/rear-wheel motors, and (ii) control the front-wheel/rear-wheel motors such that a braking torque of a resonance-side motor, when at least one of the rotation speed of the front-wheel/rear-wheel motors is within a resonance range, is smaller than the braking torque of the resonance-side motor, when the rotation speed of the front-wheel/rear-wheel motors are outside the resonance range, and such that the braking torque of a non-resonance-side motor, when at least one of the rotation speed of the front-wheel/rear-wheel motors is within a resonance range, is larger than the braking torque of the non-resonance-side motor, when the rotation speed of the front-wheel/rear-wheel motors are outside the resonance range, during deceleration caused by a braking torque from the front-wheel/rear-wheel motors.
id-WO2016078802A1    abstract-Relates to the invention of a procedure (100) to convert and/or preserve, from mechanical energy M fading electrical energy E while driving an engine (1), especially when, or attempting to prevent, simultaneously and/or mechanical energy M in the Schubbetrieb Fahrzeuges gantry (a) As the first step convert Generators(2) into electrical energy E,b) in the second step, stored in Zwischenenergiespeicher(3), stored electrical energy E c) in the third step, you can find Elektrolysemodul(4) to take away the electric energy E (d) The fourth step, at least by differentiating the hydrogen (H) and oxygen (2) of water (H20) into chemical energy c, the fifth step of the vehicle is to enter the vehicle's gas tank (5) and/or pour into the vehicle's engine (1) and/or fuel cell (10);
id-US20170326997A1    abstract-The invention relates to a method for recharging an electrical energy source (S) on-board an electric or hybrid vehicle, comprising at least two electric traction motors (M 1 ,M 2 ) respectively associated with a first and second traction converter (C 1 ,C 2 ) and a control electronics (E), said vehicle functioning according to a traction mode using electrical energy provided by the electrical energy source (S), according to a braking mode for recharging said electrical energy source (S) during braking or deceleration phases, and according to a shutdown recharge mode for recharging said electrical energy source (S) during the shutdown phases of the vehicle, characterized in that it consists of utilizing the control electronics (E) managing the traction converters (C 1 ,C 2 ) to carry out a static reconfiguration both of the two converters (C 1 ,C 2 ) and of the motors (M 1 ,M 2 ), in order to transform said converters (C 1 ,C 2 ) associated with the motors (M 1 ,M 2 ) into a charger for the on-board energy source (S).
id-US9676294B2    abstract-A method of managing an operating state of an electrified powertrain includes a controller identifying a plurality of available operating regions defined by at least one available operating state of the powertrain, each operating region representing a distinct range of operating conditions. The available operating regions include an avoidance region defining a plurality of unwanted operating conditions and separating a first allowable operating region from a second allowable operating region such that the first and second allowable operating regions are noncontiguous. The method identifies at least one ideal operating condition in each of the available operating regions, determines a preferability factor and stabilization factor for each of a current and each of the ideal operating conditions, and arbitrates the factors to identify one of the current and ideal operating conditions as an optimized operating condition to produce a required parameter value.
