id-US8996227B2    abstract-A power control system for controlling a power network of a hybrid electrical vehicle, is provided. The power control system includes a power generating unit, one or more energy storage units coupled to a power converting unit, an electrical load. The power control system further includes a control logic module for controlling the power generating unit and the power converting unit. The control logic module is configured to identify a power demand from the electrical load and to select the power generating unit or one of the one or more energy storage units to control a voltage level of the power network based on the identified power demand, based on electrical characteristics of the power generating unit, of the power converting unit, and of the electrical load, and based on a current mode of operation of the vehicle.
id-US9043085B2    abstract-A system includes a source of regenerative power that generates power during a regenerative event, an electrical energy storage system connected with the source of regenerative power to receive and store regenerative power during the regenerative event, an accessory load that reduces an amount of energy stored in the energy storage system when being powered, a source of information, and an accessory load controller. The accessory load controller is responsive to the source of information to estimate when a next occurrence of a regeneration event will occur, predict whether the energy storage device will be in a state of charge condition to receive regenerative power at the time of the predicted regeneration event, and control an application of electrical power to the accessory load based on the prediction in order to reduce the amount of energy stored in the energy storage device and minimize any loss of regenerative power during a next regenerative event.
id-US9061599B2    abstract-A system for storing electrically a regenerative energy of a vehicle is provided. The system includes a first energy storage device, a second energy storage device, an energy regulating device coupled to the first and second energy storage devices, a source of regenerative power configured to capture a regenerative energy during a regenerative power event of the vehicle, and a control unit coupled to the energy regulating device. The control unit is configured to transfer electrical energy from the first energy storage device to the second energy storage device based on a prediction of the regenerative power event using the energy regulating device. The transfer of the electrical energy serves to reduce the electrical energy stored in the first energy storage device thereby enabling the first energy storage device to receive from the regenerative power device when the predicted regenerative power event occurs an amount of the electrical regenerative energy.
id-WO2014118678A2    abstract-An energy system for a vehicle, the energy system comprising an electric machine arranged to provide a drive torque when placed in a drive mode of operation and arranged to generate current when placed in a braking mode of operation; a resistor placed in series with a switch and a capacitor, wherein the switch is arranged to control the flow of current generated by the electric machine through the resistor to allow energy to be stored on the capacitor and for energy to be dissipated in the resistor.
id-JP2019022506A    abstract-[challenge] a method for identifying patient-specific driver mutations is provided. [solutions] a method to identify mutations that cause abnormal signal transduction pathways in cancer patients: a) obtaining the patient's sample or the patient's tumor molecular profiling data; and b) including the test gene mutation existing in the patient. Preparation of the current vector, c) preparation of the control expression construct containing the wild-type gene corresponding to the above test gene, and d) preparation of the expression vector encoding the fluorescent translocation reporter (FTR) In addition, e) the transfer of the expression vector to assay cells; and f) the incubation of assay cells with sufficient time to enable the expression of the mutant or wild-type gene and the FTR; G) a method including: determination of intracellular localization of FTR within the cell. [selection diagram] not available
id-WO2014111182A1    abstract-Will be engaged in Bremssystems one Kraftfahrzeuges at least Vorderachse and the car box with another program provided by verwendendes brake system, including: brake system Kraftfahrzeuges using one by driver Bremskraftversta rker betatigenden Bremseingabeelement which is related to the old Signales Betatigungsweg-Sensor offering conforming to Fahrerbremswunsch; Main accelerator,... On Fluidleitungen which on the one hand fluider contacts Hauptbremszylinder and Bremsmedia reservoir on the other hand command rate valves in fluider communicate with Bremseinrichtungen on the axle of the wheel at the same time each wheel On the sub, in addition to Bremseinrichtungen, Bremsmoment erzeugenden generator hook; Relatively speaking, the procedure consists of the following steps: create a hydraulic fracturing Leerweges by commanding the launch, the valve and the launcher with the corresponding Ansteuerung gekoppelten valve, while earning the Leerweges during the process Bremseingabeelements pass through the hydraulischer Druckaufbau to stall Radgeschwindigkeit about bikes; And based on your power brake, create enough power to slow down the wheels.
id-US9561733B2    abstract-An on-vehicle travel distance output apparatus for a vehicle is disclosed. The vehicle including a battery and a travel motor that generate, based on electric power of the battery, a drive force for the travel of the vehicle, wherein the battery is chargeable based on electric power from a first charge source as well as electric power from a second charge source. The on-vehicle travel distance output apparatus includes a processing device that calculates a first travel distance of the vehicle over which the vehicle travels based on the electric power of the battery obtained from the first charge source and a second travel distance of the vehicle over which the vehicle travels based on the electric power of the battery obtained from the second charge source to output the calculated first and second travel distances.
id-US20150298552A1    abstract-The regenerative energy produced during the braking of a vehicle is used for powering a secondary battery, that is independent from the main battery, and, in the event of a complete failure of said main battery, allows the continued operation of the basic services such as power steering, lights, the brake servo unit, and electronics, as a result of the combined action of said autonomous system that includes a capacitor bank which powers said services either directly or via the secondary battery. The system comprises an interface of the electronic power and control unit, an electronic power and control unit, applied to the steering and pedals, and an ECU power controller and port.
id-US20150321562A1    abstract-The present application relates to a vehicle and a method of limiting a vehicle speed during evacuation running designed to prevent a normal battery block from being overcharged by regenerative electric power during evacuation running, in which a vehicle driven by a parallely connected battery blocks runs under a condition in which some abnormal battery blocks are separated. The method may include determining whether a vehicle is performing evacuation running, calculating receivable regenerative electric power for the battery blocks used for running of the vehicle, calculating a limit speed of the vehicle according to the receivable regenerative electric power, and limiting the speed of the vehicle to the limit speed or to a speed lower than the limit speed.
id-EP2759509A1    abstract-A portal building consists of a primary electronic energy system (10) and another master switch (9). 49) Use the heat of the first solid (10) to generate a second electrical energy by re-using electricity.
id-US9789781B2    abstract-A charging device for a vehicle carries out timer charging in which the charging device is set in a standby state without charging until charging start time comes when the charging start time is set for a vehicle-mounted electrical storage device. The charging device for the vehicle includes a charger that charges the electrical storage device with electric power supplied from a device outside the vehicle, and an ECU that determines whether to carry out timer charging or carry out instant charging without carrying out the timer charging on the basis of a state of a switch associated with an open/close state of a charging lid, and that controls the charger. Desirably, a timer cancellation or determination switch is also used as a switch for detecting the open/close state of the lid or a switch for opening the lid.
id-US20160001719A1    abstract-In accordance with the present invention there is provided an engine ( 100 ), the engine ( 100 ) having a first mode and a second mode, the engine ( 100 ) comprising: a first battery ( 101 ); a second battery ( 102 ); a first charge level monitoring device ( 106 ) attached to the first battery ( 101 ); and a control unit ( 105 ). The control unit ( 105 ) is arranged to: measure the charge level of the first battery ( 101 ) using the first charge level monitoring device ( 106 ) when the engine ( 100 ) is in the second mode; and cause the second battery ( 102 ) to charge the first battery ( 101 ) if the charge level of the first battery ( 101 ) is beneath a first threshold value.
id-US20140232331A1    abstract-This disclosure provides systems, methods, and apparatuses for mounting vehicle wireless charging pads to other structures, such as a vehicle underbody or frame. In one aspect, a mounting system including a cover adapted to enclose a vehicle wireless charging pad is provided. The cover includes mounting brackets integrally formed in the cover and configured to attach the charging pad to another structure, such as a vehicle underbody or frame. In another aspect, a mounting system includes shield attachment interfaces integrally formed in a vehicle pad shield and configured to attach the shield to the vehicle pad cover. In another implementation, the shield attachment interfaces are integrally formed in the vehicle pad cover and configured to attach the vehicle pad cover to the vehicle pad shield.
id-US9840250B2    abstract-A vehicle drive apparatus includes: an engine; a rotary machine; an output member coupled to a drive wheel of a vehicle; a differential mechanism configured to couple the engine, the rotary machine, and the output member together to be differentially rotatable via a plurality of differentially rotatable rotational elements; and an elastic member configured to couple a rotation shaft of the rotary machine to the rotational element of the differential mechanism to be relatively rotatable.
id-US9413256B2    abstract-An object is to suppress deterioration of a high-voltage side battery regardless of the magnitude of a load current. Provided is a control device of a DC-DC converter that is constituted by a primary side circuit that is electrically connected between an input side and a transformer, and a secondary side circuit that is electrically connected between an output side and the transformer. The control device includes a command generating unit  325  that sets an output current limiting value to a predetermined value on the basis of a detected input voltage, a duty generating unit  330  that calculates a duty configured to turn ON/OFF a switching element on the basis of the output current limiting value and a detected output current, and a switching signal generating unit  335  that generates a switching signal on the basis of the duty. The duty generating unit  330  generates the duty so that an output current is limited to the output current limiting value or less.
id-WO2014125741A1    abstract-The power conversion device is connected in series between the high potential side terminal and the low potential side terminal, and a pair of switching elements forming an upper and lower arm, a coil connected at one end between the pair of switching elements, the high potential side terminal and the low potential side terminal According to the voltage and inductance of the coil, the time change rate of the current value flowing through the coil is calculated, and according to the time change rate of the calculated current value, only one of the pair of switching elements is driven on/off. A control device is provided for switching between a single-arm drive and a double-arm drive, which drives both of the switching elements in reverse phase on/off.
id-US20140239879A1    abstract-A charging system for a traction battery is disclosed. The charging system includes a power grid, a stationary battery, a first controlled power supply, a second controlled power supply, and a switching unit. The first controlled power supply is configured to provide electrical power from the power grid to the stationary battery, at a first controlled rate. The second controlled power supply is configured to provide electrical power from the stationary battery to a traction battery, at a second controlled rate, higher than the first controlled rate.
id-WO2014128925A1    abstract-The first turning point is when changing from the first running mode in which either the first turning point or the second turning point is used as the power source to the second running mode in which the first and second turning points are used as the power source. The total torque of the torque setpoint Tt1 and the torque setpoint Tt2 at the second turning point is greater than the required torque Tr for the vehicle. The torque request value of the rotating machine when it changes from the first drive mode to the second drive mode, which is used as the power source in the first drive mode, can also be larger than the torque request value before the change begins.
id-JP2014154706A    abstract-[challenges] we provide a component assembly structure that can reduce the generation of metal chips during assembly and improve the workability of assembly. Insert plate 6, which is extended from part 3 in the direction of assembly, guide tongue plate 5a, which is extended in the direction of assembly from the edge of opening part 5c formed in the device body 2, and guide tongue plate 5c, which is extended in the direction of assembly from the edge of opening part 5c opposite to the guide tongue plate 5a. The guide tongue plate 5b is extended in the direction. The guide tongue plate 5a and 5b are bent in the direction separated from each other. Insert plate 6 inserted into the opening part 5c is inserted into the guide tongue plate 5a, The component 3 is assembled on the device body 2 while it is sandwiched between the bases of 5b. Select diagram: figure 4
id-US20180134208A1    abstract-A power generation system is provided configured for installation within a wheel of a vehicle. The system includes a stator having a plurality of face-mounted permanent magnets; and a rotor having a plurality of windings configured to rotate, with rotation of the wheel, in proximity to the permanent magnets thereby generating a current. The stator is mounted to a brake caliper of the vehicle. Also provided is a wheel-based vehicle display system including a light emitting diode (LED) array arranged on or within a wheel of a vehicle; a power source connected thereto; and a controller connected to the LED array. The display system is configured to display at least one of: textual information, visual images or full-motion video.
id-US9676278B2    abstract-A vehicle electrical network has: an electric machine configured to operate at least in generator mode; a first energy storage device; a second energy storage device; and a switching arrangement by which the switching states a) through c) described below can be set alternatively to one another: a) either only the first energy storage device or only the second energy storage device is connected to the electric machine; b) the first energy storage device and the second energy storage device are connected in parallel to the electric machine; and c) the first energy storage device and the second energy storage device are connected in series to the electric machine.
id-US9789766B2    abstract-A method and arrangement for operating a motor vehicle having a vehicle electrical system having a semiconductor switch, which during the vehicle operation is loaded with load events based on at least one load-influencing factor, and for which a service life load relationship is predefined, for a nominal service life for a nominal load, and with which for at least one point in time within the nominal service life a nominal load proportion corresponding to the at least one point in time is ascertainable, and the method for the at least one point in time including ascertaining an actual load of the semiconductor switch based on establishing past load events at the at least one point in time, the ascertaining of the nominal load proportion corresponding to the at least one point in time with the predefined service life load relationship, and comparing of the actual and nominal load proportion at the at least one point in time and the reducing of the at least one load-influencing factor when the actual load exceeds the nominal load proportion by more than a predefined tolerance value at the at least one point in time.
id-US9254759B1    abstract-Electromechanical systems using magnetic fields to induce eddy currents and generate lift are described. Magnet configurations which can be employed in the systems are illustrated. The magnet configuration can be used to generate lift and/or thrust. Lift and thrust predictions for various magnet configurations are provided. Arrangements of hover engines, which can employ the magnet configurations, and an associated guidance, navigation and control system, are described. Finally, a number of different applications, such as trains, elevators and printing, which utilize embodiments of the electromechanical systems described herein, are presented.
id-US9428177B2    abstract-A vehicle includes an electric storage apparatus that outputs an electric power to be converted into a kinetic energy for use in running of the vehicle, an engine that generates a kinetic energy for use in running of the vehicle, a generator that receives an output from the engine to generate an electric power, and a controller that controls charge and discharge of the electric storage apparatus. In performing charge of the electric storage apparatus using an electric power from an external power source and in performing charge of the electric storage apparatus using the electric power output from the generator in response to a signal produced through operation by a user, the controller calculate a full charge capacity of the electric storage apparatus based on an SOC of the electric storage apparatus at each of start and end of the charge and a current sum amount during the charge.
id-US9658075B2    abstract-A travel assist system, a travel assist method, and a computer program that prevent frequent corrections of a travel plan due to variations in congestion information are provided. Congestion information is acquired from a VICS center. The current state of a vehicle is acquired. It is determined whether or not the congestion status of an expected travel route for the vehicle has been varied from the congestion information using a criterion based on the state of the vehicle. In the case where it is determined that the congestion status of the expected travel route has been varied, the travel plan  48  is corrected using the congestion status after the variation.
id-US20140266068A1    abstract-The inventions herein relate to devices and methods to impart charge to lithium ion battery cells. Still further, the present invention incorporates to pulse charging methods and systems related thereto that provide improvements in charging speed, efficiency and additional benefits.
id-WO2014136166A1    abstract-The company provides a motor control device that can continue the drive control of the electric motor even if an open or short failure occurs in the motor drive circuit, an electric power steering device using this device, and a vehicle. The command value arithmetic unit that outputs the command value to the multiphase electric motor wound by the first and second multiphase motor winding with at least two systems to the stator, and the first and second multiphase motor winding separately according to the command value. The first and second motor current cut-off parts of the multiphase motor, which are inserted between the first and second motor drive circuits that supply the phase motor drive flow, each motor drive circuit and each multiphase motor windings, and each multiphase motor drive current or voltage abnormality are individually checked. When the abnormality of at least one of the motor drive current of each abnormality detection department is detected, the motor current cut-off part on the side of the abnormality detection department is controlled to the current cut-off state. .
id-US20140265554A1    abstract-A battery system for powering a vehicle is provided. The system may include a first lithium-ion battery pack having a first total energy capacity and a first power to energy ratio (P/E ratio) and a second lithium-ion battery pack connected in parallel with the first lithium-ion battery pack and having a second total energy capacity that is higher than the first total energy capacity and a second P/E ratio that is lower than the first P/E ratio. A method of controlling the battery system is also provided, and may include controlling an operation of a vehicle according to a total power capability of the first and second battery strings, wherein the total power capability is the sum of a first battery string power capability and a second battery string power capability at a same voltage.
id-US20140277887A1    abstract-An electric vehicle and a method for adjusting vehicle parameters based on a type of battery modules inserted into a vehicle. A processor is configured to: receive at least one input parameter from the battery modules housed in the vehicle; determine at least a type (e.g., lithium or lead acid) and capacity of the battery modules in the vehicle; and adjust output parameters to a battery management system and one or more vehicle subsystems based on the determined type and capacity of battery modules. Accordingly, battery packs can be swapped without updating electrical software in the vehicle. A customer can alternate from one type of battery pack module to another more easily and can obtain cost savings. The method can be implemented using CAN bus protocol.
id-WO2014154735A3    abstract-This manual also describes a method of operating the fuel transmission (110) of a power vehicle (100). This process consists of steps: capture (primary) energy instructions and convert energy into dynamic reduction (primary) according to the moment associated with (primary) energy. The stored power is transferred to an electrical energy storage facility (200) for charging. When the difference between the number of cars and the number of cars is recorded, They will install the car Rekuperationsleistung(pass) division Speichereinrichtung(200) to Leistungswiderstand umgelenkt(192) when it decides to submit Speichereinrichtung Rekuperationsleistung(Biography)(200) diverges from Bremsleistungssollwert and Bremsleistungsistwert. The performance also illustrates the power transmission set up to perform the process.
id-WO2014157508A1    abstract-Challenges we provide a vehicle in which the pedal rotation mechanism and drive wheel are mechanically connected, and an electric vehicle that gives the same sense of paddling. [solution] Crankshaft 250 with rotating torque input through pedals 251l, 251r and crankshaft 25l and 25r, and crankshaft 250 and drive wheel 23f are not connected by mechanical transmission mechanism. For comparison, GU has a resistance addition unit (GU) for providing resistance when pedaling, and CU for adjusting the amount of resistance from the resistance addition unit G according to the torque input by pedaling.
id-US20140277931A1    abstract-Power systems and methods described herein can provide power system management and power delivery, among other functionality. The power systems and methods for a vehicle can employ a fuel cell, such as a Solid Oxide Fuel Cell (SOFC), as a power source in conjunction with another power sources, such as one or more vehicle batteries, capacitors, etc. The fuel cell can be conditionally used to provide power to the electrical system, thereby reducing the load on the vehicle batteries.
id-US20140277882A1    abstract-A system and method for controlling an electric vehicle include at least one controller configured to detect an over-voltage condition when an electric-machine voltage exceeds an over-voltage threshold. In response to the over-voltage condition, the electric machine and a variable voltage controller (VVC) are disabled. Upon determining the electric-machine voltage is decreased to at least a second threshold being less than the over-voltage threshold, the controller is configured to set the VVC to a limited-operation mode. Upon determining the electric-machine voltage is decreased to at least a third threshold being less than the second threshold and the over-voltage threshold, the controller is configured to re-enable the electric machine and set the VVC to a normal-operation mode. The limited operation-mode enables the vehicle to maintain vehicle propulsion during the drive-cycle as the electric machine is recovered from a transient condition causing the over-voltage condition.
id-US20160046203A1    abstract-An electrical source control apparatus controls a vehicle which travels by using an electrical source system including a first electrical source and a second electrical source. The electrical source control apparatus has: a controlling device for controlling the first and second electrical sources to set a residual power level of the first electrical source equal to first target amount and to set a residual power level of the second electrical source equal to second target amount, and a setting device for setting the first and second target amounts such that each of the first and second target amounts becomes smaller as a speed of the vehicle becomes larger. The setting device sets the first and second target amounts such that a rate of change of the second target amount to the speed is larger than a rate of change of the first target amount to the speed.
id-US9522606B2    abstract-A control system includes a boost-buck converter, a control apparatus and a voltage sensor. The boost-buck converter is provided between a battery and a motor-generator. The control apparatus controls the boost-buck converter. The voltage sensor outputs a sensor output value of a system voltage supplied to the motor. The control apparatus calculates a current stagnation continuation period based on the sensor output value of the voltage sensor and corrects a duty ratio of the boost-buck converter in accordance with a calculation value of the continuation period. The continuation period includes a predetermined time point, at which current stagnation is assumed to be generated. The current stagnation indicates that at least a reactor current stagnates. In the continuation period, a system voltage-related voltage continues to have a voltage difference of the same polarity side relative to a reference voltage.
id-US10177390B2    abstract-In a method for controlling a fuel cell system, a shutoff valve is opened to supply a fuel gas from a storage container to a fuel cell after a fuel cell system shutdown instruction is sent to the fuel cell system so that the fuel cell generates and discharges electricity. The storage container is supplied to the fuel gas supplied from a fuel supply source provided outside the fuel cell system in response to a filling instruction to supply the fuel gas to the storage container. A data signal indicating a state of the storage container is transmitted to the fuel supply source. The shutoff valve is closed and the storage container is supplied to the fuel gas supplied from the fuel supply source if the filling instruction is output while opening the shutoff valve after the fuel cell system shutdown instruction is sent.
id-WO2014141955A1    abstract-A power storage device (3), a power generator (5) driven by an engine (1), a hydraulic pump driven by a power generator (9) that discharges pressure oil, and a hydraulic unit driven by pressure oil connected by a hydraulic pump and a hydraulic circuit. It is equipped with an etator (12, 13, 14) and a driving motor (7f, 7r) which is electrically connected with a storage device and a generating motor and which is driven by electricity from the storage device and a generating motor and provides driving force to the wheels when the driving motor is regenerative braking. In a hybrid working vehicle that charges the storage device with the regenerative power generated in the charging device, the judgment part (100) that judges whether the regenerative power generated by the driving motor during regenerative braking exceeds the allowable charging power of the storage device, and the judgment part determines whether the regenerative power exceeds the allowable charging power of the storage device. The load increase part (70), which increases the hydraulic load of the hydraulic power circuit when it is determined that the allowable charging power is exceeded.
id-US20160052399A1    abstract-An electric vehicle control device includes a calculation unit that calculates a regenerative-brake-torque load factor when a braking command is detected. The calculation unit includes a brake-torque load-factor determination unit that determines the regenerative-brake-torque load factor according to vehicle speed information that is a detection value of vehicle speed; and a brake-torque load-factor correction unit that corrects the regenerative-brake-torque load factor determined by the brake-torque load-factor determination unit using element temperature information that is temperature information of a switching element included in an inverter.
id-US20140277861A1    abstract-A system and method optimizes energy consumption in a railway system including a set of trains, a set of energy storage devices, and a set of substations connected to a grid by first optimizing control parameters controlling at least part of the energy consumption of the railway system to produce optimized control parameters. The optimized control parameters minimize, over multiple time steps, a combination of total power provided by the grid to satisfy a power demand of the railway system, a state-of-charge of each energy storage device, power supplied to charge the energy storage device and power supplied by the energy storage device. The optimizing is subject to constraints on operations of the railway system over multiple time steps. The constraints include a complementarity constraint. A command is generated to control the energy consumption of the railway system based on the optimized control parameters.
id-WO2014147918A1    abstract-We provide a vehicle speed control device that can detect the relationship between the transmission torque and the pressing force of the fastening element and learn the relationship between the transmission torque and the pressing force when controlling the speed of the prime motor. The transmission controller (21) performing the transmission control of the automatic transmission (3), during the learning control of the learning control part, learns the relationship between the pressing force and the transmission torque of the clamping clutch (83) as the fastening element of the automatic transmission (3), and USES the clamping clutch. When fastening (83), the input speed of the clamping clutch (83) is provided with a preset learning difference rotation (dNmo2) relative to the output speed of the clamping clutch (83) after the change of speed (afNmo2). The transmission control device for a vehicle is characterized by the fact that it is equipped with a differential rotation control unit (configuration to perform the processing shown in figure 5) that controls the rotational speed as the target rotational speed (tNmo2) of the motor generator (MG).
id-US20160039311A1    abstract-The movement speed v of a moving body having drive wheels driven by a motor, the rotational speed ω of the drive wheels of the moving body, and the actual torque value T m  generated by the motor are acquired. Subsequently, a slip rate estimation unit ( 741 ) estimates the slip rate λ of the drive wheels on the basis of the movement speed v and the rotation speed ω. Further, a drive torque estimation unit ( 742 ) estimates the drive torque T d  of the drive wheels on the basis of the rotational speed ω and the actual torque value T m . Next, a limit value calculation unit ( 743 ) calculates a limit value L for a torque command value T c  on the basis of the slip rate λ and the drive torque T d . Further, a limiter unit ( 744 ) limits the torque command value T c  using the limit value L, generates a torque setting value T s , and sends the generated torque setting value T s  to a motor drive system ( 900 ). As a result, it is possible to quickly realize control in accordance with changes in the road surface state, thus allowing safe travel while ensuring the needed drive power.
id-JP2014183662A    abstract-[challenges] maintain the battery properly while protecting the inverter properly. The temperature acquisition unit 33a is used to obtain the relevant temperature of a rotating electric motor 10 with regenerative power generation function, a battery 20, an inverter 30 with multiple switching elements 31, and a plurality of switching elements 31. The 33b is connected to the battery 20 and multiple switching elements 31 via the switching part 35s, and the resistance part 35r, which consumes the power of the battery 20 when the switching part 35s is switched on and off, and the multiple switching elements 31 are cut off. A control unit 4, which replaces the switching discharge control of the power consumption of the battery 20 and at least one of the resistive discharge control of the power consumption of the battery 20 through the connection of the switching part 35s and the resistance part 35r. Control unit 4 stops switching discharge control and implements resistance discharge control when the relevant temperature is above the specified temperature. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-EP2983270A1    abstract-A control apparatus that is capable of quickly charging a storage battery and allowing the storage battery to store a large amount of electric power is provided. A control apparatus 1 controls charging from a power generator 22 to a storage battery 23. A switch 10 is provided on a first charge channel via which the power generator 22 charges the storage battery 23, and a DCDC converter 11 is provided on a second charge channel via which the power generator 22 charges the storage battery 23. The DCDC converter 11 steps up a voltage generated by the power generator 22, and applies the stepped-up voltage to the storage battery 23 via an electric wire 21. A control unit 14 controls the switch 10 and the DCDC converter 11 such that, when a charge current value detected by an electric current detection unit 12 becomes smaller than a predetermined value under a condition where the storage battery 23 is being charged via the first charge channel, charging to the storage battery 23 is switched to charging via the second charge channel.
id-US10023173B2    abstract-An electromotive drive system including a small motor and a small-capacity battery more effectively improves the fuel economy of an engine-driven vehicle. An electromotive drive system includes: a motor for driving a vehicle; a battery storing electrical energy to rotate the motor; an inverter; a converting mechanism transmitting rotation of the motor to a drive shaft at a predetermined conversion ratio independently of a conversion ratio at which an engine is driven; and a control unit controlling an operation of the inverter. The control unit is configured so that upper vehicle speed limits, to which the motor is allowed to operate, can be set separately during powering and during regeneration, respectively.
id-WO2014174865A1    abstract-When the induction motor is decelerated, the rotational energy caused by the moment of inertia between the induction motor and the load is regenerated into the power converter. It also required braking resistors and their control circuits, and it was not possible to reduce the size of the power converter. A forward converter that rectifiers the ac voltage of the ac power supply and converts it into a dc voltage; a reverse converter that converts the dc voltage of the above forward converter into an ac voltage; A power conversion device that performs the calculation and overlaps the output voltage of the frequency component below the frequency corresponding to the calculation button with the output voltage of variable voltage variable frequency when the induction motor decelerates or regenerates.
id-WO2014174221A3    abstract-Electronic Architecture (3) for the control of a dc/ac converter (2), said converter (2) comprising a plurality of arms mounted in parallel, each arm comprising two controllable switching cells (21) in series separated by a middle point, the arms being matched according to h-bridges (20), the Architecture (3) comprising: - a main control unit (36), configured to communicate through a potential barrier (61) with a remote control unit (35), and - a plurality of secondary control units (37), each secondary control unit (37) being dedicated to the control of a respective H bridge (20), and comprising: - a processing unit (40) of the information received from the main control unit (36), and - a control unit (41) of the controllable switching cells (21) of said H bridge (20), said control unit (41) being configured to modify the state of all or part of said switching cells (21) of said H bridge (20) at least on the basis of information received from the corresponding processing unit (40).
id-JPWO2014162830A1    abstract-The target acceleration alpha was determined at S21, the motor torque setpoint TTM for alpha was determined at S22, and the acceleration torque setpoint ttm_lim was determined at S23 by limiting TTM to not exceed the rated motor torque. In S24, find the target yoy rate t, and calculate the deflection My used to achieve t in S25. S26 related My generate wheel モータトルク tTm, a difference in, S27 accelerating the left wheel torque tTm, a command value in Lim torque tTm, a difference half-price tTm, a (/ 2) only subtraction, transition ヨーレート control モータトルク Find the command value ttm_y. In S28, the higher the control response, the greater the ttm_y exceeds the maximum allowable motor torque during the transient yaw rate control, which is determined to be greater than the rated motor torque.
id-US9586486B2    abstract-A control device for a recuperative braking system of a vehicle includes: an actuating device configured to (i) select the maximum value of a front axle generator braking torque and of a rear axle generator braking torque, taking into account at least one provided default variable concerning a setpoint total braking torque which is predefined by a driver, (ii) control an electric motor, and (iii) control a hydraulic front axle brake circuit component and a hydraulic rear axle brake circuit component in such a way that a front axle brake pressure and a rear axle brake pressure are settable in such a way that a difference between a predefined setpoint braking torque distribution and an actual braking torque distribution present between the front axle and the rear axle is minimized.
id-US9950630B2    abstract-While a current cutoff mechanism cuts off charging and discharging currents for a second electric storage device, a DC/DC converter is controlled so as to be in a state where electric power is supplied from a low-voltage side to a high-voltage side, applies voltage conversion to an input voltage of the low-voltage side so that an output voltage of the high-voltage side becomes a predetermined voltage, and after a predetermined state where the induction voltage of the AC power generator can be supplied to the low-voltage side is reached, control of the DC/DC converter is switched from the state where electric power is supplied from the low-voltage side to the high-voltage side to a state where electric power is supplied from the high-voltage side to the low-voltage side.
id-US9168845B2    abstract-Disclosed is a method of controlling an operation mode of a fuel cell in a fuel cell vehicle wherein, (a) when a driver-demanded torque is lower than a first torque, and a current state of charge (SOC) in a battery is higher than a first SOC, the operation mode of the fuel cell is converted to a stop mode, and (b) when the driver-demanded torque is higher than a second torque, or the current SOC in the battery is lower than a second SOC, the operation mode is converted to a start mode, wherein the second torque is higher than the first torque and the second SOC is lower than the first SOC.
id-JP2014230322A    abstract-[challenges] regarding electric vehicles, we will provide control devices for electric vehicles that will improve the response of the motor during power control and regenerative control and will lead to improved passenger comfort. [solution] The current PI control unit and the current PI control unit are used to control the PI feedback to eliminate the deviation of the command current value generated in the inverter for the torque command from ECU21. The current PI control unit is used to control the PI feedback. The PI control gain used in this case is set according to the driving state according to the PI control gain control table 35 for power line control and regenerative control, and the PI control gain corresponding to the driving state according to the PI control gain control table 35 The control gain adjustment unit 34 is used to adjust the PI control gain of the floating current PI control unit. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-US20170051819A1    abstract-A vehicle system, comprising an internal combustion engine, a transmission enclosed within a transmission case coupled to a gaseous fuel source, the transmission case having an amount of gaseous fuel located therein. Housing the transmission in a case containing low density gaseous fuel reduces the power losses from air resistance and increases fuel efficiency.
id-US9956890B2    abstract-An electric vehicle includes a motor, an ECU, and an inverter device. A motor control module of the inverter device includes: a parameter map having motor parameters stored therein; an open loop control section to generate control variables in open loop control by a voltage equation using the parameters stored in the parameter map, in response to a torque command from the ECU; a current feedback control section to perform control to eliminate a deviation relative to a command current value generated in an inverter, in response to the torque command from the ECU; and a hybrid control section to control the motor on the basis of control variables which are generated on the basis of the control variables generated by the open loop control section and control variables generated by the current feedback control section.
id-WO2014188870A1    abstract-In the high-load area where the load required for the operation of vehicle 1 is limited to the driving force of internal combustion engine 10, "internal combustion engine operation alone" is carried out, and in the low-load area, internal combustion engine 10 is carried out PM collection filter 12b regeneration operation and electric operation The "motor driving operation" is carried out to make the vehicle 1 run only with the driving force of the generator 20. In the regenerative area, the PM collection filter 12b is regenerated in the internal combustion engine 10, and the driving shaft 33 of the wheel 34 of the vehicle 1, The "regenerative control operation" is carried out to recover energy by driving the electric generator 20 with the driving force from 31. Therefore, when regenerative control of PM collection filter 12b equipped with exhaust path 11 of internal combustion engine 10, the power generation from electric generator 20 is used together, and the operation of internal combustion engine 10 is dedicated to regenerative control, so as to regenerate PM collection filter 12b This reduces control time and fuel consumption.
id-JPWO2014181616A1    abstract-In the present invention, an engine and a motor generator are provided. In the control device of a hybrid vehicle that USES the engine torque and runs while charging the battery with the power generated by the motor generator, the charging amount of the battery is specified In the above case, when the required drive torque is less than the prescribed torque, the generated torque by the motor generator is increased, and when the required drive torque is greater than the prescribed torque, the generated torque by the motor generator is reduced.
id-WO2014188652A1    abstract-It provides a driving distance notification device for electric vehicles that can notify drivers and others when driving back on the same road, indicating whether it is possible to return to the point stored at the current battery level. The electric vehicle includes a range notification device 1, a navigation device 6, and a regenerative energy device 3 and 4 that can recover energy on the downhill. The battery allowance detection device for detecting the power allowance of battery 2 at a predetermined point, and the absolute value of the recovered power recovered by the gradient resistance during the road trip should be calculated as the estimated flat driving required for the flat driving on the return journey on the same road. The non-turning judgment unit and the turning back determine that it cannot return to the specified point on the way back after considering the estimated necessary amount or corresponding amount added by changing the symbol of the required power and the power allowance of battery 2. Notifications 1b and 1c are used to notify information about the inability to turn back when the inability is determined.
id-JPWO2014192360A1    abstract-In a vehicle control device that controls deceleration by regenerative force, the loss of energy generated by the driver stepping on the brake is minimized due to the sense of delay in deceleration. The maximum deceleration rate that can be generated by regeneration is calculated from the gear ratio of the automatic transmission of the vehicle and the maximum torque of the motor. A vehicle control device that controls the motor to decelerate the vehicle through regenerative force before the driver of the vehicle steps on the brake by changing the direction in advance.
id-WO2014192371A1    abstract-To obtain a rotating electric control device for a vehicle that can increase the amount of electricity generated. The invention is a rotating electric control device of the vehicle 101 having a field winding linear rotating electric motor 114 and 118. The deceleration of the vehicle 101 is predicted based on the front image of the vehicle 101, and the brake pedal of the vehicle 101 is not operated. In some cases, control is performed to increase the field magnetic current of rotating electric machines 114 and 118.
id-US9458813B2    abstract-A control unit of a vehicle electric power supply apparatus controls an opening and closing unit to set a switch to an OFF state and a voltage detection unit to detect an output voltage of a first power source and an output voltage of a second power source when a second electric load is to be driven, and the control unit inhibits driving of the second electric load when the absolute value of the difference between the output voltage of the first power source and the output voltage of the second power source detected by the voltage detection unit is a predetermined first threshold value or less over a predetermined length of time.
id-US10293702B2    abstract-The embodiments described herein relate to a reconfigurable energy storage system. In one embodiment, the reconfigurable energy storage system comprises a first energy storage system, a second energy storage system and a power converter. The power converter determines a first power level, a second power level and a load coupled to the power converter and manipulates the power transfer between the energy storage systems based on the first power level, the second power level and the load. In another embodiment, the reconfigurable energy storage system also comprises a third energy storage system. In this embodiment, the power converter determines a third power level corresponding to the third energy storage system and manipulates the power transfer between the energy storage systems based also on the third power level. The third power level may correspond to a state of charge of the third energy storage element or amount of power generated by the third energy storage system.
id-US20160089981A1    abstract-A control system used in a hybrid vehicle having a drive system including a starter motor, an engine, and a motor/generator, and a power supply system including a high power battery as power supply for the motor/generator, a low power battery as power supply of the vehicle auxiliary equipment, a capacitor as power supply for the starter motor, and a capacitor power supply control unit that controls charging and discharging of the capacitor. The control system includes an auxiliary equipment load power supply system formed by connecting the high power battery and the low power battery via a DC/DC converter, and a starter load power supply system including the capacitor and a capacitor charging circuit controlled by the capacitor power supply control unit, the starter load power supply system being connected to and branching from the DC/DC converter of the auxiliary equipment load power supply system.
id-US9300233B2    abstract-A vehicle including an AC rotating electric machine, an inverter, and an electronic control unit is provided. When an overcurrent abnormality occurs, i.e., phase current of a motor-generator exceeds a permissible value, in a high rotational speed region, the electronic control unit performs control (upshift control) for shifting up an automatic transmission provided between the motor-generator and driving wheels, or control (neutral control) for bringing the transmission into a released state, so as to reduce the rotational speed of the motor-generator. If phase current is detected even when an all-gate turn-off command is generated to the inverter while the rotational speed of the motor-generator is reduced to be within a low rotational speed region under the upshift control or neutral control, the electronic control unit determines that a short-circuit fault occurs in the inverter.
id-US10173614B2    abstract-A vehicle mounted charger converts external power into drive power, and supplies the power to a drive battery. A first converter supplies the power to an auxiliary device battery by converting the external power into the power for an auxiliary device. A second converter supplies the power to the auxiliary device battery by converting the drive power which is stored in the drive battery into the power for the auxiliary device. In a normal charging mode, the auxiliary device battery is charged by the first converter. Moreover, in a travelling mode or a rapid charging mode, the auxiliary device battery is charged by the second converter.
id-US20160101698A1    abstract-A method is provided for controlling regenerative braking torque, which is produced by an electric machine of a vehicle operating in generator mode in a coasting operation mode of the vehicle, in an open-loop or closed-loop manner in accordance with need. The method detects, on the basis of a specified algorithm, an imminent situation in which the speed of a vehicle should be reduced to a speed lower than the current speed. The method outputs a recommendation directed at the driver to release the accelerator when the expected occurrence of such a situation has been detected. If the driver has released the accelerator, the method controls the regenerative braking torque in an open-loop or closed-loop manner in such a way that the vehicle achieves the lower speed without actuation of the service brake when the situation occurs, or, if this cannot be achieved solely via the recuperation torque, maximizes the vehicle deceleration that can be produced by regenerative braking.
id-JP2015003564A    abstract-[problem] our goal is to provide a brake fluid pressure control device for vehicles that can switch from regenerative coordination control to hydraulic pressure control without depending on the output of the front and rear acceleration sensors. The vehicle brake liquid pressure control device (control device 100) is based on the wheel speed acquisition unit 110, which obtains the wheel speed from the wheel speed sensor 91, the body speed reduction calculation unit 150, which calculates the body speed reduction and the wheel speed. There is a switching unit 160 that switches from regenerative coordination control to liquid pressure control. The body speed reduction calculation unit 150 calculates the body speed reduction according to the required speed reduction from the driver's brake operation. Select diagram: figure 4
id-WO2014199811A1    abstract-In hybrid vehicle 1, which has a hybrid system with the function of using both the internal combustion engine 10 and the electric generator 20 as the driving source of the vehicle 1, the target braking torque Tt requested when the hybrid vehicle 1 decelerates is applied to the electric generator 20. If only the regenerative torque T1 is sufficient, only the regenerative torque T1 generated by the electric generator 20 is applied. If not enough, in addition to the regenerative torque T1 generated by the electric generator 20, the braking torque T2 generated by the compression open brake is generated. In addition, when the target required braking torque Tt is not enough between the regenerative torque T1 of the electric generator 20 and the braking torque T2 generated by the compressed open brake, the braking torque T3 generated by the exhaust brake 12 is applied. In this way, the braking energy is fully utilized as charging energy while ensuring the braking torque when the vehicle 1 decelerates.
id-US20160368389A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a supercapacitive storage system ( 10 ) for the electricity of a vehicle, characterized in that it comprises a control device ( 12 ) arranged to allow charging of capacitive storage elements ( 11 ) or the storage system ( 10 ) when the voltage of the capacitive storage elements ( 11 ) is below or equal to a maximum voltage value of the operating range of a driving and energy recovery system ( 20 ), and to prohibit charging of the capacitive storage elements ( 11 ) when the voltage of the electricity distribution grid ( 2 ) is above a maximum operating voltage value of the capacitive storage elements ( 11 ), a driving and energy recovery system ( 20 ) and a control method.
id-EP2860054A1    abstract-The vehicle is of the type adapted to couple to, lift in part from one side and tow a trolley for transporting goods in a port, is provided with tyres and comprises: an internal combustion engine (301) provided with a rotating shaft, an electric generator (302) connected to said rotating shaft and adapted to generate at an output electric energy as a function of the rotation of said rotating shaft, an electric accumulator (303) having terminals connected to said output, at least one electric motor (304) connected to said terminals and provided with a rotating shaft connected to at least one of said tyres; the vehicle further comprising an electronic control unit (305) connected to said internal combustion engine (301), to said electric generator (302), to said electric accumulator (303), and to said at least one electric motor (304); the electronic control unit (305) is adapted to electronically control: the rotation of said internal combustion engine (301), the electric energy supplied by said electric generator (302) to said electric accumulator (303), the electric energy supplied by said electric accumulator (303) to said at least one electric motor (304).
id-EP3010140A1    abstract-A control device for an electric vehicle which is able to accurately control a traction motor of the electric vehicle without any delay in control timing during rapid acceleration or rapid deceleration of the motor, is provided. The control device for the electric vehicle includes an ECU (21) and an inverter device (22) including a motor control module (29). A rotation angle sensor (36) configured to detect a rotation angle of a motor (6) is provided, and the motor control module (29) is provided with a rotation angle correction section (38) configured to correct a rotation angle of a rotor of the motor (6) which is used for vector control, by using an angular speed of an electrical angle which is the rotation angle detected by the rotation angle sensor (36) and a differential value of the angular speed of the electrical angle.
id-WO2014196939A3    abstract-This invention is about a battery charging system (1) containing at least one electric engine (2) converting the electric power to mechanical energy, at least one alternator (3) converting the mechanical energy produced by electric engine (2) to electric energy, at least one battery (4) storing the electric energy produced by the alternator (3), at least one rectifier and charger circuit (5) rectifying the alternative current produced by the alternator (3) and charging the battery (4), at least one acceleration sensor (7) detecting the speed of the vehicle, at least one electronic control unit(8) adjusted to activate the alternator (3) when the electric vehicle reaches a certain speed or deactivate it when the speed is lower than this certain speed.
id-US9849870B2    abstract-This hybrid vehicle ( 10 ) has an HV mode and an EV mode, creates a predetermined traveling plan in a manner so as to switch between HV mode and EV mode on the basis of map information, and performs mode switching control on the basis of the traveling plan. The hybrid vehicle ( 10 ) limits the execution of mode switching control that is on the basis of the traveling plan in the case of a predetermined state such that the power that can be output by a battery ( 28 ) that is the storage battery connected to a second MG ( 24 ) that is a rotary electric machine driven during execution of the EV mode is limited.
id-US11437686B2    abstract-An automotive battery module having dual voltage is disclosed, including a housing and a plurality of battery cells connected to form battery cell blocks disposed in the housing. A battery control unit is provided disposed in the housing and is configured to control operation of a battery system. The battery system includes at least one switching device operably connected to a first battery cell block in a first connection arrangement. The first battery cell block is configured to deliver a first voltage. The switching device is also operably connected to a second battery cell block in a second connection arrangement. The second battery cell block is configured to deliver a second voltage. A plurality of terminals are provided on the housing and electrically coupled to the battery control unit and plurality of battery cells, providing an external electrical connection to deliver the first voltage and the second voltage.
id-US9643499B2    abstract-An electric power system includes a plurality of combinations of one of electric loads, which transmit/receive electric power, and one of power converters which is connected to the one of the electric loads and performs power conversion operation according to a predetermined switching synchronization signal so that electric power is transmitted/received to/from the electric load, the combinations being connected to a predetermined intermediate point so as to be parallel to each other, and a power conversion control unit which controls operations of the power converters. The power conversion control unit variably sets switching phases of the power converters depending on operating conditions of the power converters.
id-US20150019058A1    abstract-The invention relates to a self-learning regenerative control system that adapts to the user's driving style. The system receives as input a signal that is indicative of the friction brake usage and adapts the degree of regenerative braking accordingly. When the friction brake usage is high, the system will make the regenerative braking more aggressive such that when the user lifts-off the foot from the accelerator pedal, the degree of regenerative braking will be higher, thus reducing the need to use friction brakes. The system continuously adapts the regenerative braking intensity based on driving style, road conditions, etc.
id-US9688161B2    abstract-A slip control device for an electric vehicle which accurately determines slippage occurrence with only a rotation angle sensor for motor rotation control and perform rapid control to eliminate the slippage, is provided. A threshold calculation module ( 21 ) calculates a normal angular acceleration of a motor depending on a manipulation amount of an accelerator to obtain a threshold, and an angular acceleration calculator ( 22 ) differentiates a detection value from a rotation angle sensor ( 3   a ) twice to calculate an angular acceleration. A slip determination ( 23 ) determines whether a drive wheel ( 7 ) has slipped, and a torque limitation ( 25 ) limits a torque when a slippage has occurred. The determination ( 23 ) determines the angular acceleration and a threshold. The determination ( 23 ) counts a number of consecutive times it is determined that the threshold is exceeded, and determines that a slippage has occurred, if the number of consecutive times has reached a set value. The limitation ( 25 ) limits a torque developed by a motor unit for a drive wheel laterally opposite to the drive wheel determined as having slipped.
id-US20230006308A1    abstract-A 12 volt automotive battery system includes a first battery coupled to an electrical system, in which the first battery include a first battery chemistry, and a second battery coupled in parallel with the first battery and selectively coupled to the electrical system via a first switch, in which the second battery includes a second battery chemistry that has a higher coulombic efficiency than the first battery chemistry. The first switch couples the second battery to the electrical system during regenerative braking to enable the second battery to capture a majority of the power generated during regenerative braking. The 12 volt automotive battery system further includes a variable voltage alternator that outputs a first voltage during regenerative braking to charge the second battery and a second voltage otherwise, in which the first voltage is higher than the second voltage.
id-JP2015016810A    abstract-[challenges] in the vehicle control system, it is necessary to achieve deceleration that is close to the driver's intention and to suppress discomfort in the vehicle where deceleration is controlled. The control system 12 obtains information including the target stop position of the hybrid vehicle 10 and the target stop position of the second MG24, which is a rotating electric motor that generates power from the wheel 16 during braking and generates regenerative braking power in the wheel 16. The control device 50 performs the deceleration control that controls the deceleration degree of the hybrid vehicle 10 by controlling the regeneration power generation. In multiple driving modes with specific acceleration and deceleration characteristics, the pre-set predetermined driving through the driver's operation And control device 50 that disables deceleration control when row mode is selected. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20160225507A1    abstract-Electromagnetic Halbach array device with substantially contiguous vertical and horizontal cores. The device is equipped with horizontal cores having protrusions which establish substantial contiguity between horizontal and vertical cores.
id-WO2015007126A1    abstract-The utility model relates to a power supply system for an electric vehicle, which comprises: a power supply supplying power to a drive system; There is a first charging interface on the power supply, which is connected with the first ground charging device; An energy storage power supply charges the power supply through a DC/DC converter and absorbs the braking feedback energy of the drive system at the same time. The energy storage power supply is provided with a second charging interface connected with a second ground charging device; The high voltage distribution device includes the first to the eighth interface, the first interface is connected through the DC/DC circuit and the energy storage power supply, the second interface is connected through the DC/DC circuit and the low voltage auxiliary equipment, the third interface and the high voltage auxiliary equipment, the fourth interface and the fifth interface are connected with the power supply, the sixth interface is connected with the power system. The seventh interface is connected to the braking feedback circuit of the power system, and the eighth interface is connected to the energy storage power supply. The power supply system can effectively increase the capacity of the power supply, while protecting the power supply effectively extend the life of the power supply.
id-JP2016165165A    abstract-[issues] the actual torque of the motor related to regenerative braking is not detected and the actual torque is not compensated according to the error factors of the motor. The inverter control unit controls the power supplied from the battery, the motor controls the torque used by the inverter control unit to drive or brake the drive wheel, and the braking unit generates the regenerative power from the motor to the battery during braking. In the braking control device of the electric vehicle, which includes a braking control part 9 that controls the sharing of torque and braking torque based on electronically controlled friction brakes, the inverter control part also estimates the actual torque of the motor based on the regenerative power of the motor. Turk estimation section 57, 58, 59, 60 and the braking torque command values and torque estimation section 57, 58, 59 A braking control device for electric vehicles is characterized by a feedback control unit that feedback the braking torque output by the motor based on the difference from the actual torque estimated by 60. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-WO2015004408A1    abstract-A battery powered cycle and method for providing a charging current to a battery powered cycle., the cycle has a rider support and wheels that are rotatably mounted to the rider support. There is an electric motor with an output shaft coupled to one of the wheels and rechargeable batteries are mounted to the rider support. A controller is arranged to selectively supply electrical power from the rechargeable batteries to the motor. A first electrical machine has an output continuously electrically coupled to the bank of batteries, and the first electrical machine has an input drive shaft coupled to one of the wheels to thereby provide a charging current to the rechargeable batteries when the cycle is in forward motion.
id-EP2821271A1    abstract-A device of the type mounted in mobile connection with a rotating axle of the vehicle (1) is fitted with a force reducer (3), engine springs (5 and 11) housed in housings (6 and 12) fitted with bracing rings (6bis and 12bis) and mounted on hubs (4 and 4bis); In the same axial plane, the apparatus is equipped with inner gears (7 and 14) with the shut-off rods (7bis and 14bis), which inner gears (7 and 14) work together with gears (8 and 13) to drive a rotating rotor (9), which, when passing near the first windings (10), induces electricity, regulated by an electronic distribution system; The electronic distribution system is equipped with a second winding (15), a sliding ferrous core (16) and balls (17) capable of housing alternately in cavities (18) of the coils (6bis, 12bis), while the winding (15) of the electronic distributor alternates with springs capacity detectors (19 and 19bis).
id-WO2015017459A3    abstract-A control system (140) generally comprises at least one sensor that is configured to detect at least one operational mode of a vehicle power generation system (100). A controller (122) is coupled to the sensor, wherein the controller (122) is configured to receive at least one signal representative of the detected operational mode of the vehicle power generation system (100). The controller (122) is also configured to determine whether the detected operational mode is a braking mode, a non-acceleration mode, or an acceleration mode. The controller (122) is configured to control channeling exhaust gas flow to a turbine assembly (110) when the detected operational mode is the braking mode or the non-acceleration mode such that a power output is generated from the exhaust gas flow.
id-US9827873B2    abstract-Provided is an electric vehicle control system capable of securing good response and slip stopping property with respect to changes in a road surface condition. The system includes a vehicle controller configured to calculate a driver's demand torque command value according to a driver's accelerating or braking operation, a first communication device capable of communicating between a hydraulic controller and a motor controller, and a second communication device capable of communicating between the vehicle controller and the motor controller. The system includes a control system in which the hydraulic controller transmits a motor torque command value to the motor controller through the first communication device; the vehicle controller transmits the driver's demand torque command value to the motor controller through the second communication device; and the motor controller selects either one of the received motor torque command value and the received driver's demand torque command value as the command value.
id-US20200290613A1    abstract-System and method configured to determine a direction of movement of a vehicle in response to a brake being released or in response to initiating movement of the vehicle from a stopped position along a route. The direction of movement is determined based on a selected travel direction of the vehicle, a grade of the route, and at least one of applied tractive efforts or applied braking efforts.
id-US9889758B2    abstract-A charging system includes a vehicle, a charging/discharging connector, a detector, and an informing portion. The vehicle is equipped with an electric power storage device, and also includes an inlet for charging the electric power storage device. The charging/discharging connector is a connector that is attached to and detached from the inlet and that is connected to the inlet in a fully fitted state, in which charging can be performed, and a half-fitted state, in which charging is not allowed. The detector includes an electronic control unit for detecting whether a connecting state of the charging/discharging connector is the fully fitted state or the half-fitted state. The informing portion includes an indicator for informing a user of abnormal connection of the charging/discharging connector on the basis of a detection result of the electronic control unit when connection of the charging/discharging connector is the half-fitted state.
id-WO2015026913A1    abstract-A control system for a vehicle comprises a control unit configured to be electrically coupled to a drive system of the vehicle. The drive system includes at least one traction motor for providing motive power to the vehicle. The control unit is configured to control a torque output of the traction motor to hold zero speed or near zero speed of the vehicle on a grade without knowing information, in at least one mode of operation, about the grade and/or a load of the vehicle, and without a service brake of the vehicle being activated.
id-US9479157B2    abstract-A drive device according to one aspect of the disclosure includes a control terminal connector, a switch circuit, a current limit circuit, and a clamp switch on a circuit board. The clamp switch is located in a second quadrant or a fourth quadrant of four quadrants, where the four quadrants are partitioned by two mutually orthogonal virtual lines with the current limit circuit set as an origin and the four quadrants consist of a first quadrant including an area where the control terminal connector is located, the second quadrant, a third quadrant, and the fourth quadrant, in clockwise order.
id-US9557746B2    abstract-A system and method for vehicle energy management are described that take driving context into account to derive suggested vehicle control inputs to reduce energy consumption. Driving context may be based on information including, for example, traffic congestion and/or flow information for a traveled route, road topology information, traffic controls, weather conditions, vehicle characteristics, and other types of driving context information. The driving context may be used to derive suggested control inputs to reduce energy consumption. The suggested control inputs can, for example, be expressed as: a suggested road speed, suggested gear selection, rate of acceleration or rate of deceleration.
id-WO2015024508A1    abstract-An electric vehicle switched reluctance motor (SRM) power converter topology is presented in which a bidirectional Buck-Boost converter is added to the front end of the asymmetric half-bridge power converter of SRM. When the switched reluctance motor works in the electric state, the battery can Boost the voltage through the forward boost converter to supply power to the asymmetric half-bridge power converter of the switched reluctance motor. When the switched reluctance motor works in the braking state, the asymmetric half-bridge power converter of the switched reluctance motor charges the battery through the reverse Buck converter to convert the kinetic energy of the electric vehicle into the electric energy of the battery. When the electric vehicle is working in the charging state, the switched reluctance motor does not rotate, and the AC power supply directly charges the battery through the winding of the switched reluctance motor and the asymmetric half-bridge power converter, without external components. The topology realizes the correction of power factor, effectively improves the reliability and flexibility of the system, and has strong practicability and versatility.
id-US20160101700A1    abstract-A control system for a vehicle includes an electric drive system associated with a first set of wheels. The electric drive system is configured to selectively provide electric motive power to the first set of wheels to propel the vehicle and electric retarding to slow the vehicle. The system further includes a friction brake system associated with one of the first set of wheels or a second set of wheels, a drive system control unit, and a friction brake control unit in electrical communication with the drive system control unit. The drive system control unit is configured to communicate with the friction brake control unit to control an amount of friction brake application during vehicle stops and starts on grade.
id-JP2015047048A    abstract-[issue] in a vehicle equipped with the regenerative level selector of the motor, a vehicle that can convey to the driver the feeling of deceleration when the accelerator is off is provided. The distance sensor 20 detects the distance to the object in front of the vehicle. When the detected distance is below the predetermined value, ecc 320 performs pre-crash control. The regeneration level selector 230 selects the regeneration level of the motor according to the driver's operation. When the selected regeneration level is large, the motor 140a makes the regenerative power when the cell is disconnected larger than that when the regeneration level is small. Eu320 is larger than the specified value when the selected regeneration level is small. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20150045178A1    abstract-An apparatus includes a vehicle configured to support the user. The apparatus also includes an operation-switch assembly configured to be supported by the vehicle. The operation-switch assembly is also configured to switch propulsion operation of the vehicle between a first propulsion-operation mode and a second propulsion-operation mode. In the first propulsion-operation mode, the operation-switch assembly is also configured to permit propulsion of the vehicle to be influenced by a power-train assembly being configured to generate a power-train force. In the second propulsion-operation mode, the operation-switch assembly is also being configured to: (A) permit propulsion of the vehicle to be influenced by a non power-train force, and (B) permit propulsion of the vehicle to be not influenced by the power-train force of the power-train assembly.
id-WO2015019165A1    abstract-Provided is a control apparatus for a hybrid vehicle, a clutch (K0) being provided in a power transmission path leading from an engine (1) to drive wheels (12), the clutch (K0) transmitting torque between the engine (1) and the drive wheels (12) when engaged, the clutch (K0) interrupting the transmission of torque between the engine (1) and the drive wheels (12), the control apparatus including an ECU (21) configured to execute drive control for consuming electric power of a storage device (25) by driving a first motor (MG1), when the clutch (K0) is kept in a released state and the clutch (K0) cannot be engaged and an amount of electrical charge of the storage device (25) is higher than a prescribed first threshold value.
id-US20150106003A1    abstract-The subject invention is directed to a method and system for generating an improved fuel mileage value for a powered vehicle. Said method and system take into account real-time operational parameters of a vehicle, such as the rate of fuel consumption, vehicle velocity, vehicle acceleration and deceleration, the kinetic and potential energy of the vehicle, and the energy recovered by regenerative braking. In one set of applications, the improved fuel mileage value generated by said method and system provides timely and positive feedback and psychological reinforcement to vehicle operators to encourage fuel-efficient vehicle operations. Such feedback and psychological reinforcement are especially valuable when a regenerative vehicle braking system is being used. Said value can also provide feedback of the operational efficiency to an automated or semi-automated throttle and/or braking system.
id-WO2015024422A1    abstract-The utility model relates to a vehicle solar power system and a control method thereof, belonging to the field of solar energy. The system comprises a solar panel (1), a storage battery (2), a supercapacitor (3), and a control circuit (4). The control circuit (4) is used to control the solar panel (1) to charge the supercapacitor (3). Control battery (2) and supercapacitor (3) discharge to the motor (5) at the same time, and the discharge current of the battery (2) is equal to the rated current of the battery (2), when the vehicle is running normally, control battery (2) discharge to the motor (5), by using the supercapacitor (3) instead of the battery (2) to store the electrical energy converted by the solar panel (1), Avoid the problem of shortening the life of the battery (2) due to the limited number of cycle charge and discharge of the battery (2), frequent charge and discharge, when the vehicle accelerates, avoid the battery (2) discharge current is too large and cause damage to the battery (2), and extend the life of the battery (2).
id-WO2015019430A1    abstract-When trains were connected to each other while running, there was a possibility that the cars would collide if the preceding cars brake before the following cars. In the brake control method of a railway vehicle connecting the preceding train and the following train while running, when the preceding train is connecting the preceding train and the following train, the preceding train sends the brake instruction to the following train when entering the brake instruction, and the brake instruction is applied to the following train. A railway rolling stock system is characterized by the fact that the rake command transmission delay time passes for a longer time, and the brake action is implemented when the following train receives the brake instruction from the preceding train.
id-WO2015018993A2    abstract-A regenerative braking control device (10) of a vehicle equipped with a first, regenerative braking means and a second braking means, and designed to generate a regenerative braking instruction (C el) based on a braking request signal from a vehicle's driving pedal, the device comprising: Reception means for receiving a flag signal (flag_reg) from an active safety system of the vehicle, and processing means arranged to increment a Count value when the received flag signal changes value to a value corresponding to activation of a regulation by the active safety system, And elaborate if the meter reaches a threshold control signal (S) in order to stop the generation of the regenerative brake instruction.
id-JP2015033935A    abstract-[issue] a hybrid system that can shorten the start time of the internal combustion engine at the start of the internal combustion engine and the restart of idling stop, and can quickly switch to running state of hybrid vehicles equipped with hybrid system. Provides power transmission methods for m, hybrid vehicles, and hybrid systems. The solution is directly connected to the crankshaft 15 of the internal combustion engine 10, and the power is transmitted between the crankshaft 15 and the electric generator 21 through the continuously variable speed mechanism 16. The rotation speed ratio, which is the ratio of the rotation speed of the electric generator 21, is reduced to increase the load applied to the crank shaft 15, so that the crank Angle when the crank shaft 15 stops is within the preset stop range. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2015018669A2    abstract-The invention relates to an exciting car slowing down along the lane (10), through the Bremseinrichtung(28), consisting of at least one Reibbremse(30) and at least one rekuperative magnetic brake designed to slow down at least one vehicle (14)(10) The device carried out by Bremseinrichtung (28) Anti-Blockier-Bremsung is equipped with a regulating device (40)(10) that causes the braking force of the car (28) even if sometimes the device is pointed at the wheel (64), but also causes the braking force (14) to be blocked relative to the lane. In at least part of the anti-encapsulation brake (64), the brake (18) that controls the wheel (14) is the braking force (64) generated by entering the wheel (10) through the cycle brake (14), and the vehicle (10) having the ability to operate this method.
id-WO2015020097A1    abstract-In a hybrid system (1) comprising an engine (10) and an electric generator (21), the crankshaft (15) of the engine body (11) and an electric generator (21) are connected via CVT (16) to start the engine (10). When required, rotate and drive the electric generator (21) to maximize the diameter of the first pulley (16a) of CVT (16) and minimize the diameter of the second pulley (16b). Crankling the engine body (11).
id-US20200052531A1    abstract-A rotatable LIDAR device including contactless electrical couplings is disclosed. An example rotatable LIDAR device includes a vehicle electrical coupling including (i) a first conductive ring, (ii) a second conductive ring, and (iii) a first coil. The example rotatable LIDAR device further includes a LIDAR electrical coupling including (i) a third conductive ring, (ii) a fourth conductive ring, and (iii) a second coil. The example rotatable LIDAR device still further includes a rotatable LIDAR electrically coupled to the LIDAR electrical coupling. The first conductive ring and the third conductive ring form a first capacitor configured to transmit communications to the rotatable LIDAR, the second conductive ring and the fourth conductive ring form a second capacitor configured to transmit communications from the rotatable LIDAR, and the first coil and the second coil form a transformer configured to provide power to the rotatable LIDAR.
id-US10144293B2    abstract-Provided is a driving force control device capable of stabilizing a vehicle behavior when a driving torque of a drive wheel is controlled. When slip suppression control is carried out to decrease a driving torque of a drive source that is connected to the drive wheel of a vehicle via a speed reduction mechanism and a drive shaft, and is configured to generate a torque for braking or driving the drive wheel, to thereby suppress a slip state of the drive wheel, the driving torque of the drive source is controlled so that a slip ratio of the drive wheel is in an area of the slip ratio smaller than a slip ratio corresponding to a peak value of a road surface friction coefficient in a characteristic of the road surface friction coefficient with respect to the slip ratio.
id-US10363821B2    abstract-A method for controlling regenerative braking of a vehicle is provided, in which a driving area of a motor is decided when shifting gears during regenerative braking, and an amount of regenerative braking is determined based on the decided result. The method includes a first process of deciding whether motor torque is in a constant power mode, a second process of deciding whether the motor torque is in a constant torque mode, and a third process of deciding whether the mode of the motor torque is converted into the constant torque mode from the constant power mode.
id-US10137784B2    abstract-Provided is a control device for an electric vehicle capable of stabilizing vehicle behavior when performing slip control of drive wheels. The control device for an electric vehicle according to the present invention is a control device for an electric vehicle to be used in an electric vehicle, the electric vehicle including: a motor which is connected to the drive wheels of the electric vehicle via a differential gear and a drive shaft, and which is configured to generate a braking or driving torque for each of the drive wheels; and a mechanical braking device capable of independently generating a braking force for each of the drive wheels. In this control device for an electric vehicle, when a slip ratio of each of the drive wheels is detected as being a predetermined slip ratio or more, a torque absolute value of the motor is reduced so that the slip ratio of each of the drive wheels is a target motor slip ratio, and a larger braking force is applied by the mechanical braking device to, of a right drive wheel and a left drive wheel, the drive wheel having a higher wheel speed than the drive wheel having a lower wheel speed.
id-US10144412B2    abstract-An initial variation learning control is executed when a learning condition is satisfied each time the learning condition is satisfied, with the aim of absorbing initial variations of manufacturing errors or variations of components of a second clutch (CL2). When the number of times of learning control is counted and this becomes a predetermined number (e.g. five times), after that, a deterioration variation learning control, which is equivalent to the initial variation learning control, is executed only once a trip from ON of a key switch to OFF of the key switch. With this, a frequency of execution of the learning control can be reduced, and the number of times of the learning can be reduced. It is therefore possible to suppress energy consumption and improve energy efficiency in stand-by pressure learning control of the second clutch that serves as a starter clutch.
id-US9744872B2    abstract-The application describes a self-propelling work machine, in the form of a truck, having an electric drive comprising at least one electric motor, a generator drivable by an internal combustion engine for the power supply of the electric drive, and a braking apparatus for braking the work machine, wherein the braking apparatus provides a regenerative braking by the electric drive and a feedback apparatus for feeding back electrical motor braking power of the electric motor to the generator to apply the motor braking power on the internal combustion engine. The application further describes a method for braking the work machine. A braking control apparatus is provided for an automatic connection of a mechanical brake in dependence on the motor braking power fed back to the internal combustion engine and/or in dependence on the operating state of the internal combustion engine acted on by the fed back motor braking power.
id-US20150066326A1    abstract-A brake system includes an upstream brake fluid pressure generating device automatically generating a fluid pressure in a master cylinder to control a wheel cylinder fluid pressure in a wheel cylinder provided for a wheel, a downstream brake fluid pressure generating device driving a pump and a control valve to variably control the wheel cylinder fluid pressure with a brake fluid sucked in from the master cylinder by the pump, a brake operating part provided separately from a brake pedal so as to be operated by a driver to apply braking force to the wheel, and a wheel cylinder fluid pressure cooperative control unit controlling the wheel cylinder fluid pressure by activating at least one of the upstream brake fluid pressure generating device and the downstream brake fluid pressure generating device in response to an operation of the brake operating part.
id-US10046646B2    abstract-A power conversion system including a DC main power supply for supplying a DC voltage, boosting circuits for performing a retrogression operation of boosting the DC voltage and comprising driving circuits, an inverter circuit for converting the DC voltage into an AC voltage, a motor/generator for receiving the AC voltage, and a control circuit for outputting a control signal to the driving circuits and stopping an operation of a faulty boosting circuit of the boosting circuits when one of the boosting circuits is faulty, for setting power control values depending on a number of remaining non-faulty boosting circuits of the boosting circuits, and for controlling the remaining non-faulty boosting circuits and the inverter circuit based on the power control values, wherein the inverter circuit and the boosting circuits perform a regeneration operation of supplying regeneration power to the DC main power supply, peripheral equipment, and/or a DC auxiliary power supply.
id-US10112600B2    abstract-Methods and systems are provided related to a self-propelling work machine in the form of a tracked vehicle having an electric drive, with a generator drivable by an internal combustion engine, an auxiliary unit connected to the engine, and a braking apparatus for braking the work machine. The braking apparatus provides regenerative braking by the electric drive and comprises a feedback apparatus for feeding back electrical motor braking power of the electric motor to the generator to apply the motor braking power on the engine and on the auxiliary unit. A controller automatically increases or decreases the electrical load of the auxiliary unit based on the electrical motor braking power fed back to the engine and/or based on an engine speed.
id-JP2015056971A    abstract-[challenges] providing a rotating electric drive system that can control charge and discharge so that the closed circuit voltage of all cells is within a predetermined upper and lower limit voltage while maintaining the running of the vehicle in the event of a malfunction of the battery monitoring device. In the rotating electric drive system, when the correlation value between the open circuit voltage of multiple cells and the average open circuit voltage of multiple cells 570 is output from the battery monitoring device 510, and the error detection unit 810 detects the error, The battery status estimation unit 800 estimates the open circuit voltage and internal resistance of each cell 570 based on the relevant value input from the battery monitoring device 510 and the output of the current sensor 240 and the voltage sensor 230 before detecting the abnormal state. The motor control device 100 controls the torque of the motor 300 based on the open circuit voltage and internal resistance of each cell 570 estimated by the battery status estimation unit 800. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-EP2853459A3    abstract-An example of an apparatus is disclosed comprising an energy source 102, a first motor 106, a second motor and a control system. The first motor 106 is configured to drive a first load 103 and the second motor is configured to drive a second load. The control system is coupled to the energy source 102, the first and the second motors. The control system dumps the braking power generated by the first load 103 at least partially on the first motor 106 according to a first braking command. The control system dumps the braking power generated by the second load at least partially on the second motor, according to a second braking command. Also disclosed are other varieties of apparatuses, vehicles, such as electric tractors, electric forklifts and relative methods, etc.
id-WO2015046460A1    abstract-The braking system of the vehicle is equipped with a second motor that provides regenerative power control to the vehicle, and a hydraulic control device that provides hydraulic power control to the vehicle by adjusting the liquid pressure in the cylinder of the wheel corresponding to the wheel. In order to reduce the speed, the BPR is reduced and the pressure BPP is increased. And the vehicle braking system controller was myself, huh, some control before agreements and decompression amount used PmcTh based on recovery limit the BPR power.
id-US20150066266A1    abstract-A method for maximizing regenerative energy captured by an electric machine in a powertrain including an engine, the electric machine and a transmission device configured to transfer torque through a driveline includes detecting an operator brake request and monitoring a time between the detected operator brake request and a preceding operator brake request that was last detected. A maximized regenerative deceleration event is initiated if the time exceeds a predetermined threshold time that includes monitoring a current fixed gear ratio that is selected from among a plurality of fixed gear ratios of the transmission device when the operator brake request is detected and applying a magnitude of torque at the axle that is sufficient for achieving a maximum capability of the electric machine to capture regenerative energy in the current fixed gear ratio.
id-US9954212B2    abstract-A battery includes electrodes including a positive electrode and a negative electrode; and a particle-containing insulating part that is provided between the positive electrode and the negative electrode and includes particles and a resin, wherein the particles are a material capable of undergoing an endothermic dehydration reaction and have a flat shape with an aspect ratio of 2/1 or more.
id-US10046661B2    abstract-Electric and plug-in hybrid vehicles connect to Electric Vehicle Supply Equipment (EVSE) to recharge a traction battery. Existing standards define the signal interface between the vehicle and EVSE including control pilot and proximity detect signals. The vehicle may use the status of these signals to detect when a connection is established with EVSE. The vehicle may indicate a connection when the signals provide conflicting statuses. The vehicle may prevent driving off and permit charging in the event of a proximity detect signal indicating a state of engagement other than connected as long as a valid control pilot signal is present. The status of the control pilot signal may be utilized to prevent drive-off and permit charging.
id-US9849793B2    abstract-An electrical storage system includes a main battery, an auxiliary battery, a bidirectional DC-DC converter and a controller. The bidirectional DC-DC converter is provided between the auxiliary battery and a power supply path from the main battery to a driving motor. The bidirectional DC-DC converter steps down an output voltage from the power supply path to the auxiliary battery, and steps up an output voltage from the auxiliary battery to the power supply path. The controller controls charging and discharging of the auxiliary battery. The controller, when an allowable output power of the main battery decreases and an electric power becomes insufficient for a required vehicle output, supplies an electric power to the power supply path by discharging the auxiliary battery by using the bidirectional DC-DC converter. The controller, when an allowable input power of the main battery decreases and a regenerated electric power generated by the driving motor is not entirely charged into the main battery, charges part of the regenerated electric power into the auxiliary battery by using the bidirectional DC-DC converter.
id-US9834110B2    abstract-A movement control device for a vehicle comprises a yaw-acceleration calculation portion to calculate a target yaw acceleration of the vehicle, a turn-back steering determination portion to determine whether a turn-back steering of the vehicle is conducted or not, and a drive-force control portion to a drive force of the vehicle. The control of the drive-force control portion is configured such that when the turn-back steering is not conducted, the amount of drive-force decreasing is increased with a specified increasing rate as the target yaw acceleration increases, the specified increasing rate becoming smaller as the target yaw acceleration increases, and when the turn-back steering is conducted, the drive force is increased in a case in which an absolute value of a steering angle of the vehicle decreases.
id-US9776623B2    abstract-A four-wheel drive electric vehicle control device is provided for a four-wheel drive electric vehicle that has a motor/generator as a drive source, and an electronically controlled coupling provided on the drive power transmission path leading from the drive source to the front and rear wheels. The four-wheel drive hybrid vehicle has a 4WD control unit that outputs to the electronically controlled coupling a transmission torque command value to bring about the four-wheel drive state, in accordance with the vehicle state. The 4WD control unit has a regenerative control intervention-coordinating controller that, when regenerative control by the motor/generator has intervened during the four-wheel drive state, brings the transmission torque of the electronically controlled coupling to zero before initiating regenerative control.
id-US9242575B2    abstract-A method and system for controlling a fuel cell vehicle are provided in which a bidirectional converter monitors a state of a fuel cell vehicle in real time to improve control responsiveness in a transient state of the fuel cell vehicle. The method includes receiving, by a bidirectional converter, a command for a current limiting value in the high voltage battery from the fuel cell controller while the fuel cell vehicle is driven. In addition, the bidirectional converter is configured to determine whether the fuel cell vehicle is switched to a predetermined mode and change the current limiting value of the high voltage battery. A predetermined control is performed by the bidirectional converter based on the changed current limiting value when the fuel cell vehicle is switched to the predetermined mode.
id-WO2015052027A1    abstract-Describes the procedure for operating a vehicle (1) that contains a power reset device (2) and an output path (3) to consume travel information. At a minimum, the first, future saved cell (2) marker parameter will be evaluated. According to the initial determination of a parameter Rekuperationseinheit if a social activity is determined (2) to face problems, its speed in the vehicle (1) during the assessment of the results of the upcoming activity Rekuperationseinheit; (2) Based on the vorgebbaren degree of Rekuperationsstarke Rekuperationseinheit(2) during the evaluation of the results of the upcoming activities determined by Rekuperationseinheit. (2) At a minimum, Car speed (1) on the latest activity of the maintenance unit (2) marking the marking type to the output direction (3) output.
id-US20160241110A1    abstract-A number of variations may include a product comprising: an electric motor generator, a first power electronics module operatively connected to the electric motor generator; an electric motor constructed and arranged for driving an air delivery device, and a second power electronics module coupled to the electric motor. A number of variations may include a product comprising: an electric motor generator for a vehicle and an electric motor constructed and arranged for driving an air delivery device, and single housing enclosing the electric motor generator and an electric motor.
id-US20160280071A1    abstract-The presently described apparatus and method describes the construction, use and operation of a hydraulic hybrid vehicle including the components and the manner by which the components are integrated into a standard electric powered vehicle. The vehicle may be powered by an electric motor, by a hydraulic motor, or by both acting together.
id-JP2015077856A    abstract-[subject] external power supply when the storage device from internal combustion institutions between power conversion to energy loss reduction that allows hybrid vehicles were control provides a device. [solution] hybrid vehicles were engine, the controller was the internal-combustion engine and electrical storage device equipped with external power supply can be hybrid vehicles were used in control device. Control device obtains request power request power information acquisition unit 310, request power is greater than the predetermined power, storage device, without charge and electrical rotated through the as an internal combustion engine drives the rotation with the electrical power generation power hybrid vehicles were which provides to the outside As hybrid vehicles were that controls the 330. Select diagram: figure 3
id-US20150114739A1    abstract-The presently described apparatus and method describes the construction, use and operation of a hydraulic hybrid vehicle including the components and the manner by which the components are integrated into a standard electric powered vehicle. The vehicle may be powered by an electric motor, by a hydraulic motor, or by both acting together.
id-US20160277418A1    abstract-In order for effectively managing security of ProSe (Proximity based Services) communication, a server forming a communication system monitors locations of a plurality of UEs that are grouped to conduct direct communication with each other. The server manages security of the direct communication based on the locations.
id-US9399404B2    abstract-An objective of the present invention is to provide a charging system, capable of increasing the rapid charging capacity of an on-vehicle all-solid-state battery, and reducing the effect of confining pressure on the all-solid-state battery. This is achieved by a charging system for an all-solid-state battery to be mounted in a vehicle, the charging system comprising: a charging section that charges an all-solid-state battery, a pressing section that applies confining pressure to the all-solid-state battery, and a pressure control section that controls the confining pressure, wherein the pressure control section directs the pressing section so that the confining pressure during charging is higher than the confining pressure during discharging.
id-US10155447B2    abstract-To provide a drive control device of a moving body capable of increasing a regeneration amount without hindering a driver's brake operation and causing too much deceleration. A drive control device of a moving body that updates a regenerative pattern of a driving motor of the moving body including a brake that generates a braking force by being linked to an operation amount of a brake pedal, the drive control device including an external world information acquisition unit that acquires external world information and a brake detector that detects ON/OFF of the brake, wherein when the brake detector detects ON, the regenerative pattern is changed based on the external world information acquired by the external world information acquisition unit such that a braking distance only decreases.
id-US9944290B2    abstract-A method controls regenerative braking of a motor vehicle provided with an electric or hybrid powertrain. The method includes determining that a driver is pressing neither a throttle pedal nor a brake pedal of the vehicle. The method also includes determining a correction coefficient as a function of a torque supplied by a motor of the powertrain, of a speed and an angular velocity at a wheel of the vehicle, of a gradient, of a mass of the vehicle, and of friction. Next, the method includes determining a setpoint for regenerative braking without pressure on the brake pedal as a function of the correction coefficient and of two maps of torque as a function of a rotational speed of the powertrain, for a substantially zero gradient and a vehicle mass substantially equal to a reference mass of the vehicle.
id-US9473059B2    abstract-A control apparatus controls an AC motor by detecting current passing through one phase. The apparatus includes an upper controller which includes a torque command calculation section, and a torque monitoring section monitoring torque to determine whether the torque is within a range, and a lower controller which controls current supply to an inverter based on a torque command value to control the motor, and which acquires information on a current-supply state and a rotation state of the motor and transmits information on a control state to the upper controller. At least one of the controllers estimates a current estimate value of an estimated phase or a d-q axis current estimate value based on a current detection value of the one phase and an electrical angle, and calculates information for monitoring torque based on the current estimate value. The torque monitoring section monitors the torque based on the information.
id-US20160243943A1    abstract-The antilock brake control device is used in a vehicle including: a motor to drive a wheel; a wheel bearing to transmit a rotation of the motor to the wheel and to rotationally support the wheel; and a friction brake to urge a press member against a brake rotor provided in each wheel, to generate a frictional force to brake the wheel. The antilock brake control device includes slip ratio monitor to monitor a slip ratio of the wheel; and driving torque addition section to add a torque in a driving direction to a torque command value for the motor when the slip ratio monitored by the slip ratio monitor exceeds a target slip ratio. When the torque in the driving direction is added to the torque command value for the motor, the friction brake is not operated.
id-US10005447B2    abstract-A vehicle includes an engine, a first motor generator that is configured to generate electric power using the power of the engine, an electric storage device that is configured to store the electric power that is generated by the first motor generator, a connection part through which the electric power that has been stored in the electric storage device is supplied to the outside of the vehicle; and an ECU that is configured to start the engine when the SOC of the electric storage device reaches a predetermined starting threshold value. The ECU sets a starting threshold value ON 2  that is used when the vehicle is in an undrivable condition and electric power is being supplied to the outside of the vehicle through the connection part to a value smaller than a starting threshold value ON 1  that is used when the vehicle is in a drivable condition.
id-US20150130423A1    abstract-Even when a high voltage in electric railways is applied from power lines, an electric automobile makes it possible to apply an appropriate voltage lower than the high voltage to a motor and an inverter that supplies the motor with electric power. The electric automobile includes, a first DC/DC converter that steps up the battery voltage of a high-voltage battery to a level corresponding to an power line feeding voltage, a second converter connected between power line contact terminals, which are brought into contact with power lines to receive electric power from the power lines under the high power line feeding voltage, and the DC terminals of the inverter for energizing the motor. Therefore, even if the high power line feeding voltage is applied from the power lines, the second DC/DC converter functions as an electric damping device to prevent the high voltage from being applied to the inverter.
id-JP2015091167A    abstract-[challenges] we provide an ac motor control device that can stably switch to single-phase control in the event of an abnormality in the current detection value. Solution: the stabilization judgment unit 55 detects abnormalities in part of the V phase current detection value iv_sns for control, the W phase current detection value iw_sns for control, the V phase current detection value iv_SNS for monitoring and the W phase current detection value iw_SNS for monitoring Then, determine whether the current applied to ac motor 2 is stable. Switch judgment section 70, after detecting abnormalities in part of the control V phase current detection value iv_sns, control W phase current detection value iw_sns, monitor V phase current detection value iv_sns_a and monitor W phase current detection value iw_sns_a, switch power supply When it is judged that the current applied to motive 2 is stable, select the current estimated id_est and iq_est calculated based on the normal phase current detection value as the current determined value id_fix or iq_fix. This allows a stable transition to phase 1 control. Select diagram: figure 3
id-US20180083537A1    abstract-A method includes controlling a power supply system to avoid an over-voltage event across one or more switching devices of the power supply system. The controlling is based on switching overlap information that includes instructions for either advancing or retarding a switching signal associated with at least one of the switching devices.
id-WO2015080021A1    abstract-It provides a control device for electric vehicles that can reduce the shock during switching between power line control and regenerative control and reduce the braking distance. The motor control unit (29) of the control device of the electric vehicle USES the power control unit (33a), the regenerative control unit (33b), the power control unit (33a) and the regenerative control unit (33b) as ECU (21). Has the power line and regenerative control switch control section (33c) that switches according to the command mark from. In addition, the vehicle speed detection unit (37) is set, and the vehicle speed detected by the vehicle speed detection unit (37), the amount of accelerator pedal (16a), and the brake pedal are set during the switching between the power line control and the regenerative control based on the command flag from ECU (21). Ru (17 a) per according to the amount of, and time, or recovery on that torque on growth rate different, rebirth command torque growth change unit (34), motor control department (29).
id-US20160288661A1    abstract-An electric power supply device for a vehicle includes an electric storage device, a boost converter, and a controller. The boost converter boosts voltage of the electric storage device and supplies the boosted voltage to an electric load of the vehicle. The controller controls the boost converter in a continuous boost mode and an intermittent boost mode. The continuous boost mode is a mode in which the boost converter is in continuous operation. The intermittent boost mode is a mode in which the boost converter is in intermittent operation. The controller more restricts a charge/discharge demand of the electric storage device such that a charge/discharge demand of the electric storage device at a time when the boost converter is operated in the intermittent boost mode is more restrictive than a charge/discharge demand of the electric storage device at a time when the boost converter is operated in the continuous boost mode.
id-US20160288663A1    abstract-A charge/discharge system is capable of supplying electric power to an electric motor generator and capable of charging with regenerative electric power from the electric motor generator. The charge/discharge system includes: a capacitor connected to the electric motor generator; a secondary battery connected in parallel to the capacitor; an electric power converter placed between the capacitor and the secondary battery to increase/decrease the charge/discharge voltage of the secondary battery; and a controller to control the electric power converter. If the SOC of the secondary battery is equal to or greater than a preset first setting value, the controller controls so that regenerative electric power of the electric motor generator is stored in the capacitor only, and if the SOC of the secondary battery falls below the first setting value, a part or an entire of the regenerative electric power of the electric motor generator is stored in the secondary battery.
id-US9580067B2    abstract-Charging/discharging control system for an electricity storage device includes motor/generator, electricity storage device, AC/DC conversion unit for performing AC/DC conversion processing between the AC power of motor/generator and the DC power of electricity storage device, and control device for controlling the charge and discharge of electricity storage device via AC/DC conversion unit. During charge control, in accordance with the charge state of electricity storage device, control device restricts the magnitude of the DC power that is obtained by converting the generation power generated by the regenerative braking of motor/generator at the deceleration and is supplied to electricity storage device.
id-WO2015075807A1    abstract-In the control system of the electric vehicle equipped with a rotating motor controlled by the power conversion device as the driving source, the motor control device 4 that outputs torque to the rotating motor 1 in accordance with the final torque instruction, and the motor control device 4 that outputs torque to the rotating motor 1 in accordance with the forward or backward direction of the electric vehicle The torque operation unit 5, the torque instruction and the torque finger are used to calculate the correction value of the torque instruction used to prevent the electric vehicle from moving in the direction opposite to the traveling direction according to the action mode indicated and the speed of the rotating motor 1. An addition unit 6 is provided, and the addition value and the correction value are input into the motor control unit 4 as the final torque command. This enables us to realize a control system that can be applied to various rotating motors without adding sensors to detect road slope or vehicle weight, and that can maintain the stop state of electric vehicles on hills without using mechanical brakes. .
id-WO2015072296A1    abstract-Provides an electric motor drive device that can prevent damage to the smoothing capacitor due to induced voltage caused by motor rotation. The smoothing capacitor 60, which smoothes the voltage of the battery 120, and the voltage smoothed by the smoothing capacitor 60 are applied to the electric motor drive device, and the inverter 70, which drives and controls the motor 55, and the voltage used to detect the voltage of the smoothing capacitor 60. Calculate the change value of the voltage detected by the sensor 110 and the voltage sensor 110. When the change value of the voltage is above the specified value, the change value of the variable speed control part (controller 13) controls the change ratio of the variable speed of the transmission 30 in order to reduce the rotation speed of the motor 55. 0 and transmission controller 140). For example, the transmission ratio Gr2 is controlled so that the induced voltage of the motor 55 is less than the rated voltage of the smoothing capacitor 60.
id-WO2015079574A1    abstract-The motor is used as the driving drive source, and when the accelerator operation amount decreases or reaches zero, the regenerative braking force of the motor slows the control device of the electric vehicle. When the accelerator operation amount decreases or reaches zero, the speed proportional to the driving speed of the electric vehicle. Match the meter to the target value of the velocity parameter that converges asymptotically to zero.
id-JP2015089698A    abstract-[challenges] we provide a control method for a hybrid vehicle and a hybrid vehicle that can stably supply electric power to the electric equipment outside the vehicle. The power supply device 300 supplies at least one of the power generated from the motor generator MG1 and the power stored in the power storage device B to the external device 400. Ecu 50 performs switching control to start engine 2 and switch the power supply from power storage device B to external device 400 from motor generator MG1 to external device 400. During the execution of switching control, ECU50 controls the power supply device 300 and engine 2 to start engine 2 while continuing to supply power from the power storage device B to the external device 400. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2015078757A3    abstract-The car (1) is also provided with the car (1), especially the car has an electric engine (2) and a power steering device (4), and the engine power steering device (4) and the motor (2) are installed on the motor.
