id-US20170190327A1    abstract-A brake system for a vehicle having a master brake cylinder, which provides a pressure signal, having a brake-medium reservoir connected to the master brake cylinder, and a first brake circuit, which is coupled by a first input to the master brake cylinder and by a second input to the brake-medium reservoir, and having at least one first wheel-brake cylinder, which is mounted at a first wheel, in order to exert a force corresponding to the pressure signal onto the first wheel, and having a separator valve, which is configured between the first input and the first wheel-brake cylinder, to prevent further transmission of the pressure signal upon receipt of a supplied closing signal; and having a control valve, which is configured between the first input and the first wheel-brake cylinder; in order to control an inflow of a brake medium from brake-medium reservoir to the first wheel-brake cylinder. In addition, a method for controlling a corresponding brake system is also described.
id-US20100235063A1    abstract-A hybrid vehicle ( 1 ) includes a rotation speed sensor ( 7 ) for detecting speed of rotation (Nm) of a motor generator (MG 2 ). Fluctuation of the rotation speed (Nm) of the motor generator (MG 2 ) reflects fluctuation of a first torque generated in a power transmitting member including a drive shaft ( 8 ). Hybrid vehicle ( 1 ) further includes a controller ( 30 ) for controlling a second torque transmitted from motor generator (MG 2 ) through a rotation shaft of motor generator (MG 2 ) to the power transmitting member, based on the speed of rotation (Nm) detected by rotation speed sensor ( 7 ). If the first torque is a vibration torque that fluctuates to cause the rotation shaft of motor generator (MG 2 ) to rotate in positive and negative directions, controller ( 30 ) controls the second torque such that difference between absolute values of maximum value and minimum value of the vibration torque becomes smaller.
id-US8630781B2    abstract-A regeneration energy shunt system utilizes a module to monitor the power bus voltage and can divert excess regeneration energy to a resistor array to dissipate the excess regeneration energy. The module can monitor the state of charge of an energy storage device to ascertain when excess regeneration energy condition exists. The resistor array can include a plurality of resistors. The module can ascertain the number of resistors needed dissipate the excess regeneration energy and selectively direct the excess regeneration energy to the required number of resistors. The module can dynamically switch which resistors are used to dissipate the excess regeneration energy and can thereby even out the loading across the resistors. The module can ascertain a state of health of the individual resistors and remove unhealthy resistors from service, report the state of health of the resistors, and initiate changes in operation based thereon.
id-JP2009183078A    abstract-[challenges] in addition to expanding the speed range that regenerative brakes act on electric vehicles, we will provide a drive system for electric vehicles that can appropriately control the storage of the energy generated during braking and the supply of electricity to the drive unit using the storage energy. The first current control unit 13 switches whether the power storage unit 12 is connected in series in the same voltage application direction as the dc voltage acquisition unit 1, and the power change is carried out between the dc voltage acquisition unit 1 and the power storage unit 12 through the power storage unit 12. The second current control unit 8a and 51a are connected to the switching unit 4, and the third current control unit 8b and 51b are connected in series with the second current control unit 8a and 51a between the dc voltage acquisition unit 1 and the ground point 101. To solve the above problem through figure 1;
id-US20090174189A1    abstract-A system for generating electricity from the rotational movement of wheels of a vehicle incorporates a turbine assembly, a wheel assembly, and an apparatus for storing electricity. The turbine assembly is disposed within the wheel assembly. The turbine assembly is connected to the apparatus for storing electricity thereby supplying the apparatus for storing electricity with electricity produced by the rotational movement of the wheel. The turbine assembly is comprised of a hollow rotor and a stator. The stator is disposed longitudinally within the hollow rotor.
id-JP2009168048A    abstract-[challenges] when controlling the transmission ratio of a transmission, we provide a drive force control device that can suppress the relative high rotational speed of the drive force source. [solution] in a drive force control device with a transmission between the drive force source and the wheel, before determining the target speed of the drive force source, obtain the required torque required by the driver of the vehicle to transmit to the wheel. The provisional rotation number calculation unit (step S003) to obtain the provisional rotation number of the driving force source based on the required torque, the actual rotation number detection unit (step S003) to detect the actual rotation number of the driving force source, and the actual driving force source The target rotation number calculation unit (step S003), in which the smaller rotation number is compared with the assumed rotation number, and the target rotation number is set. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-JP2009166723A    abstract-[challenges] to provide a power device that can improve drive efficiency and simplify the configuration, downsize, and reduce weight. The power device 1 inputs and outputs energy through a magnetic circuit formed with the generation of the first rotating magnetic field between the power device 3 with the first output unit 3a and the first stator 12, the first rotor 11 and the second rotor 13. Just get the first rotating magnetic field, the second fuck over 13 and just get the first fuck over 11 each rotation number of maintain a, line, to the first roundabout 10 and the second ステータ just get 22 and the third fuck over 21 just get and fourth fuck over 23 second rotation between magnetic field with the occurrence of The first and third rotators 20 are composed of a second rotating magnetic field, a second rotating magnetic field, and a second rotating machine 20, in which the fourth rotor 23 and the third rotor 21 mutually maintain the collinear relationship of the number of rotations, and the second rotating machine 20, in which the second rotating magnetic field is input and output energy through the formed magnetic circuit. The rotor 11 and 21 are coupled to the first output unit 3a, and the second and fourth rotor 13 and 23 are coupled to the left and right driven parts WFL and WFR, respectively. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-EP2080662A1    abstract-Provided is a DC/DC converter apparatus comprising a plurality of switching devices and suitable for directly coupling two electric power devices. In direct couple control that directly couples a fuel cell (22) and motor (26) with a battery (24) without executing voltage-decreasing chopper control or voltage-increasing chopper control, rotation switching is performed, i.e. the converter controller (54) outputs drive signals (UH, VH, WH) of 100% duty ratio to each of upper arm devices (81u, 81v, 81w) in rotation. Thus, heat generation is prevented from concentrating on a particular upper arm device (81), compared to the case where the drive signals (UH, VH, WH) are continuously output to all upper arm devices (UH, VH, WH).
id-US8011461B2    abstract-This invention relates to a parallel hybrid electric conversion kit for a vehicle with an internal combustion engine, a driveshaft and a transmission, such as, rear wheel drive vehicles, four-wheel drive vehicles, heavy duty multiple-driven-axle vehicles and/or all-wheel drive vehicles. The conversion kit includes a motor-generator, a torque coupler, a battery, a power electronics module and a controller. Suitable torque couplers include transfer cases and/or rear-through differentials. The conversion kit provides an aftermarket solution to increased performance, fuel economy and/or reduced emissions by modifying the drivetrain after the transmission. According to one embodiment of this invention, the control scheme of the installed conversion kit receives input signals from the engine and the motor-generator, but only sends control signals to the motor-generator, facilitating installation of the conversion kit.
id-US8332090B2    abstract-A hybrid vehicle and a method for operating a hybrid vehicle are provided, the vehicle including at least a first drive unit and a second drive unit coupled to the first drive unit, wherein the second driving unit recovers kinetic energy during braking the hybrid vehicle, a transmission unit which can be coupled to the first and/or second drive unit and a drive axle. It is proposed to change the transmission ratio of the transmission unit depending on a desired amount of energy recovered by the second drive unit during regenerative braking or a predetermined time period before the anticipated start of regenerative braking.
id-JP2009201208A    abstract-[problem] when the electric double layer capacitor is connected in parallel with the power conversion section as a means of absorbing the regenerative power of the power supply unit of a moving vehicle, the peak value of the battery current becomes larger because the resistance of the capacitor is higher than that of the battery. Terry's life is troubled. Solution: detect and differentiate the battery voltage. A current command is generated by multiplying the differential signal with the coefficient of the electric double layer capacitor to realize the desired capacitor current. The difference signal between the current command and the detection current flowing through the chopper is calculated, and the chopper is controlled by the gate signal corresponding to the difference signal. I did. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US8368273B2    abstract-A rotary electric machine includes a stator having stator windings; and a rotor rotatably disposed in the stator, said rotor having a rotor core provided with a plurality of magnets and a plurality of magnetic auxiliary salient poles formed between poles of the magnets. In this rotary electric machine: a magnetic air gap is provided in an axial direction of the rotor in a position shifted in a circumferential direction from a q axis passing through a center of the magnetic auxiliary salient pole within the magnetic auxiliary salient pole; and an amount of shifting the magnetic air gap from the q axis in the circumferential direction differs according to a position of the magnetic air gap in the axial direction so as to cancel torque pulsation in energization caused due to the magnetic air gap.
id-US8590653B2    abstract-The present invention is directed to an energy storage system comprised of a heat block having a relatively high specific energy capacity. The heat block can be used, for example, with a regenerative braking system for gas turbine powered vehicles to improve fuel efficiency.
id-US8360186B2    abstract-An in-wheel motor drive device ( 21 ) includes a motor part A, a reducer part B, a wheel hub C, and a reducer part lubricating mechanism to supply a lubricant oil to the reducer part. The reducer part lubricating mechanism includes a lubricant oil path ( 25   c ), a lubricant oil supply port ( 25   d ), a lubricant oil discharge port ( 22   b ), a circulation oil path ( 45 ) passing through a casing ( 22 ) to connect the lubricant oil discharge port ( 22   b ) to the lubricant oil path ( 25   c ), and to return the lubricant oil discharged from the lubricant oil discharge port ( 22   b ) to the lubricant oil path ( 25   c ), a cooling water path ( 22   e ) provided in the casing ( 22 ) so as to be in contact with the circulation oil path ( 45 ) to cool down the lubricant oil passing through the circulation oil path ( 45 ), and a partition member ( 49 ) arranged in a contact position between the circulation oil path ( 45 ) and the cooling water path ( 22   e ), to separate them.
id-US8033955B2    abstract-A method for regulating the speed at which an electric vehicle descends a hill includes determining a position of a shift lever and determining if the vehicle accelerator and/or the vehicle brake are depressed. If the vehicle is in either drive or reverse and neither the vehicle accelerator nor the vehicle brake is depressed, a change in the motor speed is determined based on the current motor speed and a reference motor speed. The current braking assist is then adjusted based on the change in the motor speed such that the motor speed, and therefore the speed of the electric vehicle, remains constant as the vehicle descends the hill.
id-US8091677B2    abstract-A powertrain for propelling a hybrid vehicle includes a front drivetrain, for driving a pair of front wheels, and a rear drivetrain, for driving a first and a second rear wheel, to propel the hybrid vehicle. First and second rear drive motors are operatively connected to the rear wheels to propel the hybrid vehicle. Energy is transmitted from an energy storage device to power and operate each of the first and second rear drive motors. Likewise, during regenerative braking, energy is transmitted from each of the rear drive motors to recharge the energy storage device. The first rear drive motor is operated independent of the second rear drive motor to transmit torque to vector torque between each of the rear wheels and control dynamics of the hybrid vehicle.
id-US8206263B2    abstract-In order to attain a stable traction control regardless of an inertia change in a driving system, when a driving force transmitted from driving wheels to a road surface is lowered by a certain quantity by torque control, the driving force is lowered according to a transmission torque capacity of a clutch element for connecting and disconnecting a power source and the driving wheels.
id-US8040010B2    abstract-The present invention comprises a stator, and a rotor which is disposed oppositely to the stator with a gap interposed. The stator comprises a stator core, and a distributed stator winding mounted to the stator core. The stator core comprises a ring-like yoke core, and a plurality of teeth cores which protrude from the yoke core in the radial direction. The rotor comprises a rotor core, and a plurality of permanent magnets embedded in the rotor core. A pair of non-magnetic portions is created inside the rotor core and on both sides of the circumferential width of a permanent magnet for one magnetic pole. In the rotor core located on the stator side of the pair of non-magnetic portions, a pair of magnetic paths is created as the result of the creation of the pair of non-magnetic portions. Furthermore, a groove or hole is created on the outer circumferential portion of the rotor core and between the adjacent magnetic poles.
id-US7949443B2    abstract-According to one embodiment, there is provided an electric-vehicle driving apparatus which consumes regenerative energy by a brake resistor and can decrease harmonic components generated by a brake-chopper switching circuit. Plural brake-chopper switching circuits are provided in parallel for each inverter. Harmonic components generated by the brake-chopper switching circuits are decreased by changing phases or frequencies of triangular carrier waves of the switching circuits, relatively to each other.
id-US8253359B2    abstract-A control system includes an electric rotating machine; a driving circuit that is connected to a DC power supply, the driving circuit includes a frequency conversion unit configured such that, when the electric rotating machine is to be driven in a power running mode, the frequency conversion unit converts an output of the DC power supply into AC electric power, and when the electric rotating machine is to be driven in a regenerative operation mode, the frequency conversion unit converts an output of the electric rotating machine into DC electric power; and a control unit that controls the driving circuit, wherein the control unit judges whether a connection between the DC power supply and the driving circuit is being maintained, and is configured such that, when the connection is not being maintained, regenerative electric power generated by the electric rotating machine is reduced by controlling the driving circuit.
id-JP2009220669A    abstract-When the brake state is detected by the brake switch 31, the tail light 22 blinks at a relatively high speed. At the same time, when the brake state is detected by the brake switch 31, the inverter 14 is set to regenerative mode and the regenerative power obtained from the motor 18 is used for the blink power of the tail light 22. Effect: the electric bicycle 10 supplies the power of the battery 11 to the tail light 22, blinks the tail light 22 when braking, USES the tail light 22 as the brake light, and almost does not consume the power of the battery 11 when flashing the tail light 22. It can be done. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-JP2009219189A    abstract-[problem] when one of the front and rear wheels is driven by an engine and the other can be driven by a motor, and the ac voltage of the generator driven by the engine is rectified and converted by an inverter to apply ac voltage to the motor, inverters caused by overvoltage occur. Prevent damage to the pitching element. When the rollback state of motor 4 is detected, the target armature current is set so that the q-axis current that generates torque and the d-axis current that does not contribute to torque flow, so that the power generated by the regeneration of motor 4 is consumed and dc is used The increase of link voltage can be prevented, thus preventing damage to the switching elements of the inverter 10. The field magnetic current of generator 7 is controlled to increase the amount of power generated when motor 4 moves from rollback state to rollback state to generate the torque required for the rollback state when motor 4 moves from rollback state to rollback state, thus enabling motor 4 to move from rollback state to rollback state. You can avoid the lack of torque when you move to. Select diagram in figure 14.
id-EP2105366A2    abstract-In a hybrid vehicle system that includes an electric storage tank (11) and an electric machine (53), the electric load control method includes a first step to determine a maximum allowable load in the electric storage tank (11) to enable the electric storage tank (11) to absorb an additional load associated with a current operating state of the vehicle; A second step to determine a set of torque to be applied to the electric machine (53) so as to reach the said maximum permissible load; A third step to apply said torque set to the electric machine (53).
id-US8392030B2    abstract-A device and system that can dynamically provide variable load on a generator and intelligently distribute generated power to loads and energy storage devices is disclosed. One system includes load profile controllers that employ a switching strategy to dynamically vary the load the generator induces while producing regenerative energy. This switching strategy may allow for a wide dynamic range of configurable damping characteristics, as well as decouple generator damping and the system output power. Multiple load profile controllers can be used together via a communications network, such as a vehicle controller area network (CAN) bus. A central regeneration controller or existing electronic control unit (ECU) can issue commands to change damping performance in different load profile controllers. By networking multiple load profile controllers together in either a distributed or centralized manner, the system may allow for intelligent power routing, coordination of multiple energy-generating devices (such as regenerative shocks and brakes), and improved utilization of on-board energy storage devices.
id-US8798875B2    abstract-A working machine includes: a first electric motor used for work; a second electric motor used for applications other than work; a first inverter circuit connected to the first electric motor; a second inverter circuit connected to the second electric motor; a battery connected to the first and second inverter circuits; and a control unit that drives the first and second inverter circuits. The control unit has a discharge mode to discharge electric power stored in the battery, and discharges the battery by stopping the first inverter circuit while driving the second inverter circuit in order to make the second electric motor perform electric operation in the discharge mode. Accordingly, since the state of charge is reduced, the life of a capacitor can be increased.
id-US20090267348A1    abstract-A system for generating energy using the rotating wheels of a vehicle and for collecting such energy is provided. An alternative system for powering vehicle engines using relatively inexpensive fuel sources is also provided.
id-JP2009248822A    abstract-[challenges] we provide an energy storage control device that can extend the driving distance in EV mode as necessary without unnecessary storage and discharge of the energy storage device. The charging amount control device 70 has a target charging amount calculation unit 71, which obtains the driving distance of the EV mode before the hybrid vehicle starts driving in the EV mode, and calculates the target charging amount according to the obtained required driving distance. In addition, the charging capacity control device 70 includes the charging control unit 73 and the driving control unit 74, which control charging so that the charging capacity of the high voltage battery 30 becomes the target charging capacity before the hybrid vehicle starts running in EV mode. In this way, even if the required driving distance in EV mode is long, the required and sufficient charging amount to run the required driving distance is stored in the high-pressure battery 30 in advance, and the hybrid vehicle is placed in EV mode. They are able to travel the required distance. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20090256514A1    abstract-A power system having a DC electric motor is disclosed. The DC electric motor may include an armature and a field coil electrically connected in series with the armature, the field coil having an input and an output. The power system may also include an additional electrical path. Additionally, the power system may include one or more current-control elements that control one or more aspects of electrical activity in the additional electrical path, which may include, when inductance of the field coil generates a higher voltage at the output than at the input in response to a decrease in electric current through the field coil, allowing electric current to flow from the output, through the additional electrical path, to the input without flowing through the armature.
id-US8145374B2    abstract-A method for dynamically controlling rollback in an electric vehicle having a motor for providing motive power to the electric vehicle and a shift lever for selecting either forward or reverse motion of the vehicle includes determining if the electric vehicle is moving in a direction opposite the direction of motion indicated by the shift lever. If the vehicle is moving in a direction opposite the direction indicated by the shift lever, the rollback acceleration of the vehicle is calculated. A power request for driving the electric motor is then determined such that the rollback of the vehicle is controlled. The determined power request is then applied to the electric motor thereby driving the electric motor and dynamically controlling the rollback.
id-US20110125354A1    abstract-A method for regulating a drag torque of a motor vehicle driven by an electric motor, a regulating device influencing the drag torque in response to a corresponding change in the setting of the accelerator, a sensor device sensing a tire on a roadway surface on which the motor vehicle is located, and providing this to a computing device, whereupon the computing device causes the regulating device to adjust the drag torque as a function of the coefficient of friction. The present invention also relates to a device having means suitable for carrying out such a method.
id-JP2009273295A    abstract-[problem] when using a heat engine and rotary machine as a power source, the aim is to provide a power device that can reduce torque ripple and cogging torque of the rotary machine, and thereby improve its commercial appeal. In power device 1, the first electric motor 10 has a stator 16 with an armature row, a first rotor 14 with a permanent magnet row, a second rotor 15 with a soft magnetic body row, etc. The rotor 14 is connected to the front wheel 4 and rotor 1 5 is connected to engine 3. In the construction of three sets of electric mechanisms, the first electric motor 10 is controlled so that the phase of the electric Angle between the magnetic pole generated in the armature 17 ~ 19 and the magnetic pole of the permanent magnet line deviates 2 PI /3 with respect to the direction of rotation, and the electric Angle 17 ~ 1 The phase of the electric Angle between the magnetic pole at 9 and the soft magnetic core in the soft magnetic string is controlled so that the electric Angle PI /3 is offset with respect to the rotation direction. Selection diagram: figure 11
id-WO2009144112A1    abstract-The invention relates to a control device for an engine, specifically a starter, a cockpit engine whose control device can control each operating stage of the power supply. In addition to the economic problem, there is another problem: the execution of the power supply should be limited for three weeks after the generator occurs, and the latter is stimulated and adjusted by external instructions during the receiver recovery stage. There is also a sophisticated design of equipment and corresponding production procedures.
id-US8400084B2    abstract-Provided is a regenerative switched reluctance motor driving system which allows a motor to have a reduced size and weight and an increased efficiency as well as improved energy recovery efficiency at the time of regenerative braking without using a neodymium magnet. Based on an angular position of a rotor in the motor, a constant current flip-flop circuit  2  renders two current paths alternately conductive so as to allow a rectangular-wave current having a width of an electrical angle of 180° to alternately flow in two coils in the motor  3 , and shifts the timing of rendering the two current paths alternately conductive, between when driving and when braking the motor  3 , by a time during which the rotor is rotated by an angle corresponding to an electrical angle of 180°. When driving the motor, a DC constant current power supply unit  1  discharges a DC power supply, while when braking the motor, it receives an input current through a negative terminal of the DC power supply, and outputs a DC current to the constant current flip-flop circuit  2 , and further outputs a DC current regenerated from the motor  3  through the constant current flip-flop circuit  2  to a positive terminal of, and thereby charges, the DC power supply.
id-US7687934B2    abstract-A method and system for using a secondary energy source with an electric or hybrid vehicle in a way that requires no interaction with the vehicle's on-board communications system or the vehicle's processors. The secondary energy source, which can be a battery pack or any energy storage device, can generally be charged at home or business using the 110 volt line. The energy from the secondary source can be metered into the system in a way that allows the primary battery state-of-charge to fluctuate normally. Most of the electrical energy propelling the vehicle can come from the secondary source. All of the regenerative energy from braking can go into the primary battery. A controller can control a regulator to regulate the amount of current flowing from the secondary source.
id-US8890464B2    abstract-A drive system for a grid blower of a vehicle is provided. The system includes: an electrical bus, a grid of resistive elements connected to the electrical bus, the grid of resistive elements configured to thermally dissipate electrical power generated from braking of the vehicle, the electrical power being transmitted on the electrical bus to the grid of resistive elements, an electrical power modulation device configured to modify electrical power received from at least one of the electrical bus and the grid of resistive elements, and a grid blower motor coupled to an output of the electrical power modulation device, wherein a speed of the grid blower motor varies based on the electrical power that has been modified by the electrical power modulation device.
id-US20160257201A1    abstract-A system includes a grid coupled to an electrical bus; an electrical power modulation device coupled to the electrical bus that can output modified electrical power received from the electrical bus; a blower motor coupled to the electrical power modulation device that can receive the modified electrical power output and can provide a stream of air to affect a temperature of the grid, and a controller. A speed of the blower motor may be based at least in part on an amount of the modified electrical power. The controller can receive an operating parameter, and is responsive to that parameter by causing the electrical power modulation device to vary the amount of the modified electrical power. A blower motor speed may be controlled based at least in part on the operating parameter.
id-JP2010001945A    abstract-[problem] even during long low-speed operation, where lubrication tends to be insufficient, lubrication oil is reliably supplied to the motor drive gear located at high altitude and to the key lubrication area near it. The drive motor and the drive motor shaft 20 used to transmit the output of the drive motor are arranged in the casing containing lubricating oil, and the front wheel differential 11 is arranged below the drive motor shaft 20, and the drive motor shaft 20 and the front wheel differential 11 differential case are arranged. The reduction gear pair is arranged between 11a and the first intermediate shaft 23 and 27. As a reduction gear pair, the first driving gear 20a (motor driving gear) is arranged on the driving motor shaft 20, the first driven gear 23a meshing with the first driving gear 20a is arranged on the first intermediate shaft 23, and the second driven gear 27a is arranged on the second intermediate shaft 27. The first and second intermediate baffle members 52 and 55 surround the lower parts of the first and second working gears 23a and 27a, respectively, and lubricating oil is stored in the first and second intermediate baffle members 52 and 55. Select diagram in figure 10.
id-US8157034B2    abstract-A vehicle drive assembly is provided. The vehicle drive assembly includes an engine, a transmission operably coupled with the engine, an output shaft operably coupled with the transmission, a differential operably coupled with the output shaft, an axle shaft rotatably coupled to the differential, at least one wheel selectively coupled to the axle shaft via a rotatable axle stub, an electric wheel motor operably coupled to the at least one wheel via the rotatable axle stub, and a coupling device operably coupled with the electric wheel motor for selectively coupling the axle stub with the axle shaft.
id-US20100012402A1    abstract-A rechargeable automobile electric power system and method for modifying a front-wheel drive automobile through installation of the system is disclosed. The system includes basic plug-in rechargeable electric drive power units, one that can run simultaneously with the gas motor to improve gas mileage. The second puts a one or two speed gear box between the electric motor and the wheel. This will allow the vehicle to run on rechargeable electric power in town and on the highway.
id-JP2009293445A    abstract-[issue] in engine 1, stetting operation with fuel including gasoline and lean burn operation with hydrogen fuel are carried out. Even if the "j" is done, the emission will not worsen. [solution] in stooped operation with gasoline, HC, CO and NOx in exhaust gas are purified by ternary catalyst 22, and in lean burn operation with hydrogen fuel, the evaporated fuel in exhaust gas is purged to intake system. In ternary catalyst 22, HC that is not purified is adsorbed on HC adsorbent, or oxidation is purified by oxidation catalyst 23. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-JP2010000859A    abstract-[challenges] realizing a compact layout for front-wheel drive series hybrid electric vehicles. [solution] the hybrid electric vehicle is equipped with an engine in the width direction, and the generator 5 is connected to the engine. Generator 5 is located diagonally above the front wheel differential 11, and drive motor 3 is located diagonally above the rear of generator 5. The drive motor 3 receives the electric energy supplied from generator 5 and transmits the power from the drive motor 3 to the front wheel differential 11. Selection diagram: figure 5
id-JP2010000856A    abstract-[challenges] to simplify the power unit mounting structure in hybrid vehicles. The solution includes a casing 41 containing a generator and a motor. The power unit side mounting support member 70 for mounting support is mounted on the upper part of casing 41. The generator and the motor side of the power unit P are arranged outside the width of the generator and the motor in engine room 3. On 36, it is elastic supported by mount 7 supported by mount 70 on the side of the power unit. Select diagram: figure 3
id-JP2009298369A    abstract-In a hybrid electric vehicle comprising a generator 6 driven by engine 1 and a drive motor that receives electrical energy from the generator 6 to drive the wheels, the output shaft 5 of the engine and the output shaft 31 of the generator are compared. Simplifying the connection structure. The solution is a cylindrical extension part 36 extending from its inner circumference to the side of the generator along the axis on the flywheel 33 connected to the engine output shaft 5, and the cylindrical extension part 36 is spline arranged on the generator shaft 31. Select diagram: figure 4
id-WO2009149534A1    abstract-A mobile distillation system comprising a first carriage movable through an environment, a second carriage mechanically connected to the first carriage and being mobile therewith, and a kinetic energy converter operatively connected to the mobile distillation system and being transported therewith to convert at least some of the kinetic energy of the moving distillation system into heating energy for a heater of the distillation system to thereby heat a distillable product.
id-US8373300B2    abstract-A power conversion apparatus capable of improving the impedance characteristics between each of two power modules and each of a plurality of capacitor cells, the power conversion apparatus including: plural capacitor cells connected in parallel between a three-layer laminated wiring board consisting of a positive polarity conductor board and a negative polarity conductor board formed widely in the direction of the parallel disposition of the power modules and laminated with an insulation sheet therebetween; a three-layer laminated conductor board consisting of a positive polarity conductor board and a negative polarity conductor board formed widely in the direction of the parallel direction of the power modules and laminated with an insulation sheet therebetween and used to connect the positive and negative polarity sides of each of the two power modules to the laminated wiring board respectively.
id-US8283796B2    abstract-A hybrid engine installation ( 200 ) includes drive element ( 204 ) suitable for driving a mechanical element (BTP, BTA) in rotation. In addition, the hybrid engine installation is remarkable in that it includes at least one gas turbine ( 253, 254 ) and at least one electric motor ( 201 ) mechanically linked to the drive element ( 204 ) to drive it in rotation.
id-US8295950B1    abstract-A refrigerated truck has a power management system for optimally distributing power between one or more energy sources, energy sinks, or energy storage components on the refrigerated truck. One such power consuming component includes a refrigeration unit that cools a refrigerated compartment of the refrigerated truck. Particularly with regard to this refrigeration unit, the power management system is operative to direct power from multiple power sources to the refrigeration unit so as to efficiently use available power. To do so, the power management system dynamically determines the availability of certain power sources and selects a preferred power source based on availability and a defined order of power source preference. For example, one defined order of power source preference may include, in order of preference upon availability, a shore power source, a truck engine generator drivingly connected to the refrigerated truck's engine, one or more auxiliary power sources, and a stand alone refrigerator unit engine.
id-US8232875B2    abstract-A degradation evaluating unit collects data related to a power storage device from a vehicle through a power cable, and based on the collected data, evaluates the state of degradation of the power storage device. A data processing unit reads data related to the state of degradation of the power storage device evaluated by degradation evaluating unit from a storage unit, and processes the read data related to the state of degradation to a first display item for a user, a second display item for a dealer and a third display item for a manufacturer. A display control unit controls display of the data processed by data processing unit on a display terminal.
id-US8818669B2    abstract-A regenerative braking method for a motor vehicle, in which the regenerative braking action is applied progressively, a rate of application of the braking action being dependent on a speed of the motor vehicle.
id-JP2010023527A    abstract-[challenges] for vehicles running by the driving force of at least one of the internal combustion engine and the electric motor, suppress the start of the internal combustion engine to secure a heat source at the start of vehicle operation. Solution: by connecting the power line 30l of the external power line 30 set outside the vehicle 1 to the vehicle 1, the vehicle-mounted battery 22 that supplies power to MG11 (electric motor) is charged by supplying power from the external power line 30l. Apply to electrical system. Then, a heat storage tank 40 (heat storage device) is mounted on the vehicle 1 to store the heat generated by operating at least one of the HV unit 20 (on-board electric device) and the electric compressor 51 (on-board electric device), and the external power supply 30 is connected to the vehicle 1. During the plug-in period (external power connection period), the external power supplied from the external power 30 is used to make the vehicle-mounted electric device 20 and 51 work and store the heat in the heat storage tank 40. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2010012613A1    abstract-Method (1) of replacing a hybrid electric vehicle, which has been partially turned off or at least part of the time (26) to meet the power of the replacement electric vehicle (8).
id-JP2010028970A    abstract-The aim is to provide an electric bicycle that can adjust the stroke of the brake lever easily and accurately. Solution: an electric bicycle with regenerative charging function, the brake device 37 has the brake body and the brake switch 52 that can be switched in conjunction with the operation of the brake lever 50, and can be opened without operating the brake lever 50. In the play range S1 between the release position A and the start position B of the brake body, the switch switching position C, which can switch the brake switch 52 on/off, is set, and the brake switch 52 is switched on, thus regenerative. When the charging function is activated and the brake lever 50 is operated to reach the switching position C from the open position A, and the brake switch 52 is switched from the off position to the on position, the brightness of the battery allowance indicator light and the mode indicator light increases. Selection diagram: figure 5
id-JP2010027328A    abstract-The purpose of the present invention is to provide a fuel cell system that can control the power generation amount of a fuel cell by a method different from the conventional control and suppress the deterioration caused by the heat generation of the fuel cell. A charging state control unit for setting the upper limit of the allowable residual power of the power storage device and the lower limit of the allowable residual power; When the temperature of the fuel cell that is heated by power generation reaches above the deterioration temperature of the fuel cell, the charging state control unit can generate the upper limit of the allowable residual power in a way that the difference between the upper limit of the allowable residual power and the lower limit of the allowable residual power increases. And, correcting at least one of the lower limits of the allowable residual power, the power distribution control unit reduces the power supplied from the fuel cell to the load and increases the power supplied from the storage device to the load by a reduced amount.  [selection diagram] not available
id-JP2010035332A    abstract-[issues] to ensure the required maximum output power even when further discharge occurs after predicting the output power of the storage device. The output prediction section 42 of the power storage device 40 of the control device 10 of the hybrid vehicle control system 10 is used to obtain the current state of the current voltage value and current value of the power storage device 22 and obtain the module 44 according to the discharge from the current to the specified time. Obtaining the current voltage value of the discharge voltage reduction module 46, the current voltage value, the voltage reduction value from the current to the specified time period, the lower limit voltage of the discharge device 22, and the internal resistance characteristics of the storage device 22 According to the above, it includes the maximum discharge possible power value calculation module 48, which calculates the maximum discharge possible power value of the power storage device 22 after a specified time from the current moment. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-JP2010041736A    abstract-[challenges] to provide a motor mounting structure for vehicles that can both maintain the motor to withstand external loads and prevent electromagnetic noise from being generated due to vibration transmission to the housing. The vehicle motor mounting structure A1, which installs motor generator 4 with rotor 4a and stator 4b on a housing 20 configured on the outer circumference, covers the outer circumference of motor generator 4 and is equipped with a stator. The motor cover 21 coupled with the stator core of 4b, the elastic plate 28 elastically supports the axial displacement of the motor cover 21 relative to the housing 20, and the radial displacement of the motor cover 21 relative to the housing 20. The device has a guide ring 31 and a guide ring 31. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-US8469463B2    abstract-[OBJECT] To provide a brake control apparatus and method for controlling the brake which is capable of preventing a fluctuation of a brake pedal stroke amount when switching a regenerative braking force to a hydraulic braking force.      [MEANS TO SOLVE] A brake control apparatus has a stroke simulator  39  into which a brake fluid that flows out of a master cylinder M/C by driver's braking operation is able to flow; a pipe  11  which connects the stroke simulator  39  and the master cylinder M/C; a gate-in valve  2  which is set on the pipe  11  and opens/closes the pipe  11 ; a pump P which pumps up the brake fluid flowing into the stroke simulator  39  from the master cylinder M/C and can increase a pressure of a wheel cylinder W/C that is provided for each wheel; an HU  31  which increases the wheel cylinder pressure by the brake fluid flowing into the stroke simulator  39  and pumped up by the pump P, together with at least the gate-in valve  2 ; and a regenerative brake unit which is provided separately from the HU  31  and produces a regenerative braking force for the wheel.
id-US9403534B2    abstract-In a method for operating a hybrid drive device of a motor vehicle, which has at least two different drive assemblies, especially an electric machine and an internal combustion engine, that are able to be connected to at least two drive trains of the motor vehicle, during the reconnecting of one of the drive assemblies, particularly from a first to a second of the drive trains, or from the second to the first drive train, and/or during a synchronization, a replacement torque substantially corresponding to the torque produced by the one drive assembly is able to be provided by an additional one of the drive assemblies by the at least partial closing of a clutch.
id-US8265814B2    abstract-A control method and unit of an electric traction motorcycle; there are provided: an accelerator grip pivotally mounted to rotate in a first rotation direction and about a rotation axis from a neutral position towards a maximum acceleration position; an elastic member which tends to keep the accelerator grip in the neutral position; at least one position sensor for detecting the angular position of the accelerator grip about the rotation axis; and a control device which drives an electric machine of the motorcycle according to the angular position of the accelerator grip; the accelerator grip is mounted to rotate in a second rotation direction opposite to the first rotation direction and about the rotation axis from the neutral position towards a deceleration position which is arranged in the direction opposite to the maximum acceleration position with respect to the neutral position.
id-US20100049414A1    abstract-The present invention provides a control apparatus for an electric vehicle which improves safety in an electric vehicle capable of traveling using creep torque. The electric vehicle includes a motor/generator for driving vehicle wheels. In a low vehicle speed region during startup or the like, creep torque is output from the motor/generator even when an accelerator pedal has not been operated, and therefore the electric vehicle can be started gently. The electric vehicle is also provided with a friction brake system for applying vehicle braking through frictional force. When an EV control unit for setting a target creep torque of the motor/generator determines that an abnormality has occurred in the friction brake system (step S20), the target creep torque is set lower than normal (step S30). Therefore, when an abnormality that may cause a reduction in a braking force occurs in the friction brake system, a propulsive force of the electric vehicle can be reduced, and as a result, the safety of the electric vehicle can be improved.
id-US20100025135A1    abstract-A vehicle has at least one electric machine that can be operated as a generator, an electrical energy accumulator and a control unit for controlling the at least one electric machine and the electrical energy accumulator. The control unit operates so that in a recovery phase the vehicle can be decelerated by the generator load of the electric machine operated as a generator ( 2   :a ) and the resulting electrical energy ( 1 :E) can be stored in the electrical energy accumulator. The control unit is configured so that the at least one electric machine operated as a generator in a recovery phase is operated by said control unit in a chronologically unlimited fashion with a predefinable overload ( 2   ′:a,    2   ″:a,    2   ′″:a ).
id-EP2151344A1    abstract-Relates to the invention of Hybridfahrzeug(eco) using Hybridfahrzeugantrieb(94) a generator betreibbaren electric motor (22a) and a Gasmotor than an internal combustion engine (22) to compose this vehicle with the proper program to engage this dynamic command and Hybrid fahrzeug Nebenverbrauchern(150) Operation (ecology).
id-US8614565B2    abstract-The invention relates to a system for absorbing electric energy from regenerative braking. The system includes a battery, a thermoelectric module in thermally-conductive contact with the battery, a generator for generating an electric current from regenerative braking, the generator connected to the battery via a first switch and connected to the thermoelectric module via a second switch, and a sensor for measuring a temperature and a charge state of the battery. The system also comprises a controller for activating and deactivating the first switch and the second switch when certain conditions have been met.
id-US8290652B2    abstract-A control apparatus for a hybrid vehicle, which outputs motive power to a drive shaft from an internal combustion engine and motor generators as motive power sources, including: a recirculating gas control portion that performs valve opening control on a recirculation valve so that an amount of recirculating exhaust reaches a control target valve, and that closes the recirculation valve completely when a deceleration request by a driver is detected; a throttle control portion that performs valve closing control on a throttle valve so that the amount of air circulating through an intake pipe decreases at a predetermined speed when the deceleration request issued by the driver is detected; and a braking control portion that controls regenerative braking forces of the motor generators so that at least one of the motor generators absorbs the motive power generated by the engine while valve closing control is executed on the throttle valve.
id-US8643316B2    abstract-Based on rotation information of a synchronous machine detected by a rotation information detector, a controller causes a converter to boost a charge voltage of a capacitor so as to be higher than an induced voltage generated by the synchronous machine at a time of shifting to a coasting operation, maintains the charge voltage during the coasting operation, and performs weak field control so that the induced voltage generated by the synchronous machine becomes lower than a DC voltage at the time of shifting from the coasting operation to a power running operation or to a regenerative operation.
id-US7661501B1    abstract-An economically operated low cost wheeled vehicle that accommodates a single driver occupant is propelled by power provided by a controllable combination of pedaling action of the driver, an internal combustion engine and an electric motor. The vehicle is elongated upon a center axis between a front extremity and a rear extremity having a single, axially centered wheel that drives the vehicle.
id-JP2010081753A    abstract-[problem] a brushless rotating electric motor with the function of an electric transmission is provided. The first rotor 7 rotating in an integrated manner with the input shaft 4, the second rotor 8 rotating in an integrated manner with the output shaft 6, and the second rotor 8 rotating in an integrated manner with the output shaft 6, and the second rotor 8 rotating in an integrated manner with the input shaft 4, and the second rotor 8 rotating in an integrated manner with the output shaft 6, and the second rotor 8 rotating in an integrated manner with the input shaft 4, and the second rotor 8 rotating in an integrated manner with the output shaft 6, and the second rotor 8 rotating in an integrated manner with the input shaft 4, and the second rotor 8 rotating in an integrated manner with the output shaft 6, and the second rotor 8 rotating in an integrated manner with the output shaft 6, And a stator 9 configured with a gap on the side. The first rotor 7 includes a permanent magnet 12 for generating a magnetic field. The second rotor 8 converts the ac voltage generated in the three-phase alternating current winding 15 on the inner diameter side of the second rotor core 14, the field magnetic winding 16 on the outer diameter side of the second rotor core 14, and the ac voltage generated in the three-phase alternating current winding 15 into dc voltage and converts the field magnetic winding 16 Have a rectifier and supply to. The stator 9 has a three-phase electrode winding 20, which is wound on the inner diameter side of the stator core 19 and receives a three-phase current from the storage device through the inverter. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-JP2010069957A    abstract-When the generator 20 is connected to the engine 18 by spline insertion, for example, noise is suppressed in the spline insertion part while avoiding a continuous increase in fuel consumption. The rotation change state is detected during the operation of the engine 18 (step S5), and the generator 20 (S7) is controlled accordingly to increase or decrease the driving torque, so as to maintain the contact between the teeth in the spline assembly part. Generate a perfect driving torque. Thus, while suppressing the generation of hammering (noise), the load applied to the engine 18 is kept to the minimum necessary to avoid an excessive increase in fuel consumption. Selection diagram: figure 5
id-JP2010076568A    abstract-[challenges] even if at least one of the driving devices of a regenerative vehicle fails, a braking force control device that can ensure vehicle stability and regenerative braking is provided by a normal driving device. The drive device for increasing or decreasing the driving force is set at least separately on the left and right two wheels 10 and 11, and it is operated by hydraulic pressure, and the above two wheels 10, In a driving force control device equipped with a brake mechanism for each of the 11 separately providing braking force, the fault is detected by the fault detection unit (vehicle ECU) 39 and its fault detection unit 39, which detects the fault of any of the drive devices. In this case, the braking force of the braking indicating unit (brake motor integrated ECU) 38, which applies the braking force to each of the two wheels, and the braking force of the wheel connected to the drive device that has not been detected to be defective, are transferred from the braking force generated by the brake mechanism to the driving device. It is equipped with a braking force switching unit (brake motor integrated ECU) 38 to switch to the corresponding braking force. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US8674636B2    abstract-A power conversion device for a vehicle includes: a power module that includes a switching device and, upon operation of the switching device, converts DC power into AC power to be supplied to an electric machine for driving a vehicle; a capacitor module that includes a smoothing capacitor element, an input-side power source terminal for receiving DC power, and an output-side power source terminal for supplying DC power to the power module; and a noise removal capacitor for removing noise, wherein: the noise removal capacitor is built in the capacitor module, and the noise removal capacitor is electrically connected to the input-side power source terminal in a position where a distance between a connection position of the noise removal capacitor and the input-side power source terminal is less than a distance between a connection position of the noise removal capacitor and the output-side power source terminal of the capacitor module.
id-US8707756B2    abstract-Apparatus (or method) for estimating a gripping characteristic of a vehicle wheel of a vehicle on a ground contact surface includes first input section (or step), a second input section (or step) and an output section (or step). The first input section sets a first input which is a ratio of a first wheel force acting on the vehicle wheel in the ground contact surface in a first direction, and a first wheel slip degree. The second input section sets a second input which is a ratio of a second wheel force acting on the vehicle wheel in the ground contact surface in a second direction, and a second wheel slip degree of the vehicle wheel. The output section determines, from the first and second inputs, an output which is a grip characteristic parameter indicative of the gripping characteristic of the vehicle wheel.
id-US8793041B2    abstract-A power supply system includes a main power storage device and a plurality of sub power storage devices. A converter is connected to a selected one of the sub power storage devices to perform voltage conversion bidirectionally between the selected sub power storage device and an electric power feeding line. A control device executes charging control for controlling input of electric power from a load device to the main power storage device and selected sub power storage device, and switching control for switching electrical connection between the plurality of sub power storage devices and electric power feeding line, according to a braking request of the electric powered vehicle. The control device prohibits or limits, until completion of one of the charging control and switching control, the other control.
id-US8543271B2    abstract-A power supply system includes a main power storage device and a plurality of sub power storage devices. A converter is connected to selected one of the sub power storage devices to convert voltage between the selected sub power storage device and an electric power feeding line bidirectionally. When a request for switching the selected sub power storage device in use is generated, upper limits on electric power input/output to/from the selected sub power storage device are continuously varied. Thus, discontinuous variation of electric power input/output to/from the power supply system during the process for switching the selected sub power storage device can be avoided. Consequently, sudden change in a behavior of an electrically powered vehicle can be avoided.
id-US8215428B2    abstract-The present invention provides a power configuration system for a fuel cell hybrid vehicle and a method for controlling the same, in which a second blocking diode is installed in a main bus terminal at an output terminal of a fuel cell (in front of a first blocking diode) separately from the existing first blocking diode installed in the main bus terminal, the positions of high voltage components for driving the fuel cell are changed from the rear of the first blocking diode to the front of the first blocking diode, and the operations of the high voltage components are appropriately controlled during regenerative braking such that the voltage of the fuel cell may be maintained below that of the supercapacitor.
id-US8702547B2    abstract-A flywheel module has a flywheel as well as a speed transforming device which has a first in/output which is connected to the flywheel, and a second in/output which is coupled to a drive line of a vehicle. The speed transforming device has a bypass speed transforming device and a motor and/or generator. Energy can then be exchanged with the flywheel by suitably controlling the motor and/or generator. As a result of the delivery of a negative torque by the motor and/or generator, the flywheel accelerates and because of the delivery of a positive torque by the motor and/or generator the flywheel decelerates.
id-US8612076B2    abstract-The invention provides a method and a system for enabling antilock braking in a vehicle which is propelled at least by an electric motor. The method includes detecting tendency of locking of the at least one wheel by comparing actual rate of change of speed of the at least one of the motor, wheels, transmission, shaft and ground speed with expected rate of change of speed of at least one wheel, wherein the vehicle is being decelerated. Based on the tendency of locking at least regenerative braking is modulated to prevent locking of at least one wheel of the vehicle.
id-US8538616B2    abstract-A power supply system includes a main power storage device and a plurality of sub power storage devices. A converter is connected to selected one of the sub power storage devices to convert voltage between the selected sub power storage device and an electric power feeding line bidirectionally. When the travel mode of an electrically powered vehicle is an EV mode, switching processing of a sub power storage device is performed based on the selected sub power storage device's SOC. On the other hand, when the travel mode of the electrically powered vehicle is an HV mode, control under which the SOC of the main power storage device and the plurality of sub power storage devices as a whole is kept constant is carried out, and switching of the selected sub power storage device is prohibited.
id-US20130192272A1    abstract-Temperature control systems and methods can be designed for controlling the interior climate of a vehicle or other the climate of another desired region. The temperature control system for a vehicle can have a thermoelectric system providing heating and/or cooling, including supplemental heating and/or cooling. The thermoelectric system can transfer thermal energy between a working fluid, such as liquid coolant, and comfort air upon application of electric current of a selected polarity. The thermoelectric system can supplement or replace the heat provided from an internal combustion engine or other primary heat source. The thermoelectric system can also supplement or replace cold energy provided from a compressor-based refrigeration system or other primary cold energy source.
id-WO2010042777A3    abstract-An energy recovery system including a device that produces a magnetic field adapted for mounting to a vehicle and a stationary conductor adapted for placing in or adjacent the path of the vehicle wherein the magnetic field induces current to flow through the conductor when the vehicle moves past the conductor. The vehicle may be an automobile, a truck, a train, or other type of vehicle. When used in conjunction with a train, the energy recovery system may be designed to recover energy from non-locomotive train cars in addition to, or in lieu of, the train locomotive. Kinetic energy that would otherwise be lost to heat energy through the application of brakes to the non-locomotive cars can thereby be recovered and re-used.
id-JP2010098888A    abstract-[challenges] we provide a power supply system and its control method that enable appropriate suppression of losses according to load conditions. The hybrid vehicle 100 has a main load device (inverter 20, 22 and motor generators MG1 and MG2) and a auxiliary device 16 as a secondary load device. The power supply system consists of the main storage unit (B1) and a power line (PL1, which transmits power between the main storage unit and the main load unit). Pl3), a secondary power storage device connected in parallel with the main power storage device to the power line, a converter 14 that converts the voltage of the power line to the voltage used to operate the auxiliary device 16 and outputs it, and a secondary power storage device connected in parallel with the auxiliary device 16 on the output side of converter 14. (B3) and ECU30. Euc 30 changes the output voltage (VB3) of converter 14 by controlling converter 14 in response to the requested power PR. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US8996211B2    abstract-A method for controlling regenerative braking of an automobile micro-hybrid system is disclosed. The system includes at least a rotary electrical machine and an electrochemical battery. The method includes a step, when the electrochemical battery has a first predetermined energy state, which corresponds to an initial optimum charging state, of commanding a reduction of the first energy state, to a second energy state corresponding to an intermediate charging state, so as to make a charging capacity available in the electrochemical battery during a subsequent opportunity for recovery of electrical energy during, for example, a braking phase of the vehicle.
id-JP2010110042A    abstract-[problem] we provide a motor control device that can perform motor demagnetization judgment with reduced possibility of false judgment. The motor control device has a resolver 32 for detecting the rotation speed of the rotor and a control device 30 for controlling the rotation of the motor. The control device 30 determines whether the working state of the motor belongs to the judgment execution area or the judgment prohibited area according to the detected rotation speed MRN1 and torque instruction value TR1 of the rotor. When the working state belongs to the judgment execution area, the motor Based on the voltage, perform demagnetization determination to determine whether the demagnetization rate of the permanent magnet of the motor is lower than the predetermined value. When the operating state of the motor belongs to the prohibited judgment area, the control device 30 prohibits the demagnetization judgment. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US8523734B2    abstract-A multi-mode hybrid transmission for transmitting power from a prime mover and a stored source of energy to a final drive shaft. The transmission may include an input shaft to receive torque from the prime mover, a countershaft operatively coupled to the final drive shaft, a plurality of gear pairs each defining a torque path from the input shaft to the countershaft, a synchromesh clutch assembly to selectively couple the input shaft with a desired gear pair, and first and second electric machines rotatably carried by the input shaft. The first electric machine can provide a motive force to the final drive shaft and the second electric machine can covert rotary speed of the input shaft into electrical energy. Additionally, the first and second electric machines can provide supplemental torque to the output shaft during periods of reduced torque from the prime mover associated with a change in torque path.
id-US8018109B2    abstract-An internal permanent magnet machine has multiple rotor sections, each section having multiple rotor laminations. Permanent magnets are placed asymmetrically in lamination openings to attenuate oscillations in torque caused by harmonic components of magnetic flux.
id-US9073538B2    abstract-An electric drive module for a motor vehicle includes an electric motor, a first input member, a first output member and a two-speed module selectively drivingly interconnecting the first input member and the first output member at one of two different drive ratios. A reduction unit includes a second input member being driven by the first output member and has a second output member being driven at a reduced speed relative to the second input member. A differential assembly has an input driven by said second output member. A first differential output drives a first output shaft, and a second differential output drives a second output shaft.
id-US8062175B2    abstract-A method minimizes a driveline vibration and reduces stopping distances in a hybrid electric vehicle (HEV) having a plurality of drive wheels, a friction braking system having antilock braking system (ABS) capability, and an electronically variable transmission (EVT) with two EVT modes. The method automatically shifts the EVT to a predetermined high speed/low torque EVT mode when the ABS is active and when a calibrated maximum deceleration rate is not exceeded. An HEV has a friction braking system with ABS capability and an EVT including a plurality of modes. A controller automatically activates the friction braking ABS in response to a threshold level of slip between the drive wheels and the road surface when the brake pedal is actuated. An algorithm automatically shifts the EVT into one of the high speed/low torque EVT modes when the ABS is activated and the calibrated maximum deceleration rate is not exceeded.
id-US8614555B2    abstract-An actuator control system includes a controller and a buck-boost circuit. The controller is configured to direct power from a power source to an actuator. The actuator is coupled to a control device to apply a force related to operation of a vehicle. The buck-boost circuit is configured to direct excess power generated by the actuator to an energy storage device when an actuator power level satisfies an anticipated power level.
id-EP2356006B1    abstract-A vehicle battery diagnosis system diagnoses the state of use of a battery of a vehicle, and includes: an information accumulation portion that accumulates diagnostic information that includes a use condition regarding the battery; a control plan presentation portion that presents a plurality of control plans about the vehicle for increasing the service life of the battery on the basis of the diagnostic information; and an information changing portion that changes control information regarding the control of the vehicle which is retained in a vehicle-mounted ECU of the vehicle so that the control information corresponds to a control plan selected from the plurality of control plans.
id-US20100131139A1    abstract-A charge planning apparatus that formulates a control plan for controlling both of a motor and a generator in a hybrid vehicle performs a control plan re-formulation by changing a control index that provides a basis for state of charge (SOC) estimation, when a modification of the control plan based on a current SOC during the travel of the hybrid vehicle results in an excessive charging or discharging portion in a transition of the modified SOC estimation.
id-US20100127563A1    abstract-A propulsion system is provided. The system includes: a first propulsion vehicle unit including a first tractive bank having at least one traction motor; a second propulsion vehicle unit including: a second tractive bank having at least one traction motor, a contactor electrically coupling the first propulsion vehicle unit and the second propulsion vehicle unit, and an electrical power modulation device coupled between the first tractive bank and the second tractive bank, the electrical power modulation device having an electrical current threshold that causes the electrical power modulation device to transition to an open state to reduce or prevent transfer of electrical power between the first propulsion unit and the second propulsion unit in response to an electrical current at the electrical power modulation device being above the electrical current threshold.
id-US8047317B2    abstract-A power system is provided that includes a first voltage bus, a traction motor configured to generate electrical power during a regenerative braking mode and to supply the generated electrical power to the first voltage bus, and an auxiliary system coupled to the first voltage bus. The auxiliary system comprises a second voltage bus and a power interface unit coupling the first voltage bus to the second voltage bus. The auxiliary system also comprises an energy storage device coupled to the second voltage bus and configured to store energy supplied to the second voltage bus and configured to supply stored energy to the second voltage bus and an auxiliary load configured to receive power based on power in the second voltage bus.
id-JP2010115035A    abstract-[challenges] even when surplus power is generated during regeneration, we provide a battery protection device that can reliably consume the surplus power and prevent battery overvoltage. [solution] the battery protection device consists of a battery, an electrical load and a control device. The battery charges the regenerative power supplied. The electrical load prevents the battery from overvoltage by consuming some of the regenerative power supplied to the battery. The control mechanism controls the regenerative power supplied to the batteries and electrical loads. The control unit sets the target upper limit output value of regenerative power less than the specified value according to the power consumption capacity of the electrical load. Select diagram: figure 4
id-EP2189321A1    abstract-The traction driven AC electric motor (2) is connected to the electric accumulator (1) through at least one inverter (3, 13) for the conversion of DC electric current to AC electric current. In the event that the inverter (3) is bidirectional, it includes at least one primary inlet or outlet (6) connected to the electric accumulator (1), and at least one secondary inlet or outlet (7) which is connected to the traction driven AC electric motor (2). In the event that nonreversible inverters are utilized, the inlet of the primary inverter is connected to the electric accumulator (1) and the outlet of the primary inverter is connected to the traction driven AC electric motor (2) while the inlet of the secondary inverter is connected to the traction driven AC electric motor (2) and the outlet of the second inverter is connected to the electric accumulator (1). An additional advantage in this type of connection is the attachment of at least one diagnostic element (4) which as an option can be installed into at least one inverter (3). In the event that the diagnostic element (4) is not installed into the inverter, the primary inlet is connected to the electric accumulator (1) and the secondary inlet is connected to at least one inverter (3). The diagnostic element additionally includes an outlet (12) connected to a display and/or recording device (5). Another advantage is the attachment of at least one apparatus to the electric accumulator (1) for the purpose of cooling the traction driven AC electric motor and/or at least one inverter (3).
