id-US10106040B2    abstract-A hybrid electric vehicle (HEV) and methods for operation having a powertrain that includes an engine, an electric machine and storage battery, and a transmission coupled via a drive shaft to wheels having regenerative-friction brakes. The HEV and transmission incorporate regenerative and adaptive braking and a capability to detect nearby obstacles and other vehicles. Such controllers monitor and report the nearby-vehicle distance and a brake pedal tip-lift time and position. In response, the controller(s) cause the electric machine to generate electric power with negative torque, which decelerates the transmission and wheels at a constant or variable rate, adjusted so the nearby-vehicle distance during deceleration equals or exceeds a predetermined, lead-lag distance to nearby vehicles or obstacles. An adaptive cruise signal may also be generated that may indicate driver vehicle preferred settings and profiles, and constant, adjustable, learned, and driver selectable deceleration profiles, which are utilized to control deceleration during braking.
id-US10858010B2    abstract-The electric vehicle control method is a control method that includes the motor that gives braking force or driving force to a vehicle in accordance with an accelerator operation, by which the braking force is controlled when an accelerator operation amount is smaller than a given value and the driving force is controlled when the accelerator operation amount is the given value or larger. The electric vehicle control device estimates disturbance torque that acts on the motor as resistance component relating to a gradient and executes correction by which the braking force or the driving force is increased or decreased so as to cancel the resistance component in accordance with a disturbance torque estimated value Td. Then, on a downhill road at a given gradient or more, a correction amount of the braking force or the driving force is reduced.
id-US10527159B2    abstract-A hybrid vehicle control device has: a determining portion determining, during idle engine operation, whether a meshing state is achieved in which the lock member is meshed with the parking gear, or a non-meshing state is achieved in which the lock member is not meshed with the parking gear; and a control portion providing a control of applying the running electric motor torque to the rotary member to eliminate a gap in a meshing portion between gears in the power transmission system and a gap in a meshing portion between the parking gear and the lock member when it is determined that the meshing state is achieved, and providing a control of applying a torque of the differential electric motor to the rotary member to eliminate a gap in the meshing portion between gears in the power transmission system when it is determined that the non-meshing state is achieved.
id-US10351190B2    abstract-A three-wheeled vehicle includes a chassis, a first wheel rotatably connected to the chassis, the first wheel having a first perimeter, a first diameter and a first geometric center, a second wheel rotatably connected to the chassis, the second wheel having a second perimeter, a second diameter and a second geometric center, a first motor and a second motor, a first drive and a second drive gear, a first plurality of teeth disposed about the first wheel and mechanically engaged with the first drive gear at a location closer to the first perimeter than to the first geometric center, a second plurality of teeth disposed about the second wheel and mechanically engaged with the second drive gear at a location closer to the second perimeter than to the second geometric center, a mount rotatably connected to the chassis and a third wheel rotatably connected to the mount.
id-US10351015B2    abstract-A hybrid vehicle includes an engine, a first rotating electric machine, a second rotating electric machine coupled to drive wheels of the hybrid vehicle, a planetary gear mechanism configured to mechanically couple the engine, the first rotating electric machine, and the second rotating electric machine, an electric power storage device configured to perform charging and discharging with the first rotating electric machine and second rotating electric machine, and an electronic control unit configured to, in a case where cruise control is requested or in a case where deceleration torque is requested by the cruise control, execute motoring control and simulated stepped gear shift control.
id-US20180215383A1    abstract-A method includes controlling an electrified vehicle by automatically commanding an output torque from an electric machine if the electrified vehicle is in park and an engine start or stop request has been received. A road grade may be used to determine whether or not to command the output torque.
id-US20180198401A1    abstract-A variable voltage converter for an electric drive system has upper and lower switching devices in series between positive and negative buses. An inductance couples a junction between the switching devices to a DC battery. A controller is configured to drive the switches according to PWM gate signals based on an expected boost ratio of the converter. The PWM gate signals have a nominal dead-time insertion for both the upper and lower switching devices when the expected boost ratio is greater than a predetermined boost ratio. In order to extend a range of achievable boost ratios during regeneration operation, the PWM gate signals are without dead-time insertion for the upper switching device and the lower switching device remains continuously off when the expected boost ratio is less than the predetermined boost ratio.
id-US20180212292A1    abstract-A battery pack includes a heat exchanger plate having a first attachment feature and a battery assembly having a second attachment feature configured to engage the first attachment feature as the battery assembly is moved against the heat exchanger plate to thermally couple the battery assembly to the heat exchanger plate.
id-WO2018128989A1    abstract-An electrically powered vehicle is disclosed, having a resistor to facilitate dynamic breaking when the electrically powered vehicle is moving downhill or under other external motive force. The electrically powered vehicle includes one or more electrical motors configured to provide motive force to a powered wheel of the electrically powered vehicle. The one or more electrical motors can be configured to generate electricity when the electrically powered vehicle is moved by a force external to the electrically powered vehicle.
id-US20180194342A1    abstract-A hybrid vehicle includes an engine, an electric machine, a transmission, and a controller. The transmission is configured to alter clutch pressures in preparation for an upcoming shift between discrete gear ratios (e.g., input-to-output ratio). For example, the clutch pressures may spike to a heightened magnitude to prepare for the upcoming shift. The electric machine is configured to selectively propel the vehicle and perform regenerative braking. If regenerative braking demands occur during the clutch pressures being heightened during shift preparation, the controller is programmed to stop the preparing of the clutches. This can be done by reducing the clutch pressures back to their pre-preparation magnitude. The upcoming shift can be cancelled or delayed.
id-US20180201144A1    abstract-Systems of an electrical vehicle and the operations thereof are provided. In particular, a towing cable and methods for utilizing the same in a towing scenario are described. The towing cable is described to facilitate the transfer of power between vehicles as well as data between vehicles. The data transferred between the vehicles involved in the towing include sensor information of the towed vehicle as well as control signals.
id-US20180215371A1    abstract-An electric power source system includes an electric power generator, a voltage conversion device, a battery, an electrical load, and a control device. The voltage conversion device converts a direct current voltage. The battery is electrically connected to the electric power generator through the voltage conversion device. The electrical load is electrically connected to the electric power generator in a parallel relationship with the battery without passing through the voltage conversion device. The control device is configured to charge the battery through the voltage conversion device based on regenerative electric power in a regenerative state in which the regenerative electric power is generated by the electric power generator. the control device is configured to increase an electric power consumption of the electrical load further when the control device detects an event that impedes the charging in the regenerative state than when the control device does not detect the event.
id-WO2018135168A1    abstract-The purpose of this disclosure is to enable auxiliary control to respond to different requests. The auxiliary device obtains at least two requests (S100, S20) from the auxiliary device (42), which USES the battery (10) as the power supply source, and from the external device (60, 80) connected by communication to make the auxiliary device work for different purposes. 2, S204) and the auxiliary machine control department (S106, S110, S112, S210) that controls the auxiliary machine are determined according to the request obtained by the request acquisition department, and the auxiliary machine control department (S106, S110, S112, S210, S214, S304, S307).
id-US20200353810A1    abstract-A through the road (TTR) hybridization strategy is proposed to facilitate introduction of hybrid electric vehicle technology in a significant portion of current and expected trucking fleets. In some cases, the technologies can be retrofitted onto an existing vehicle (e.g., a trailer, a tractor-trailer configuration, etc.). In some cases, the technologies can be built into new vehicles. In some cases, one vehicle may be built or retrofitted to operate in tandem with another and provide the hybridization benefits contemplated herein. By supplementing motive forces delivered through a primary drivetrain and fuel-fed engine with supplemental torque delivered at one or more electrically-powered drive axles, improvements in overall fuel efficiency and performance may be delivered, typically without significant redesign of existing components and systems that have been proven in the trucking industry.
id-US10807489B2    abstract-Methods and systems are provided for charging an onboard energy storage device in a hybrid vehicle depending on vehicle operating conditions. In one example, a method includes charging the onboard energy storage device through a dual clutch transmission via an electric machine positioned downstream of the dual clutch transmission, and controlling a driveline disconnect clutch positioned downstream of the electric machine. In this way, charging of the onboard energy storage device may be conducted under conditions where a speed of the vehicle is either above a predetermined threshold speed, or below the predetermined threshold speed.
id-US11225164B2    abstract-Systems and methods are disclosed for adaptive regeneration systems for electric vehicles. In one embodiment, an example method may include determining, by an adaptive regeneration system, that an electric vehicle is decelerating, determining an output voltage of a power source at the electric vehicle, determining that a voltage potential of a battery system at the electric vehicle is greater than the output voltage, and causing the voltage potential of the battery system to be modified to a value equal to or less than the output voltage.
id-US10864822B2    abstract-A vehicle drive system that ensures brake force in the event of failure of a brake device or a controller. In vehicle drive system, a first brake device applies a brake torque to a pair of front wheels and a second brake device applies a brake torque to a pair of rear wheels. A first brake system includes a first controller and the first brake device, and a second brake system includes a second controller and the second brake device. In the event of occurrence of failure in one of the first brake system and the second brake system, only the other brake system generates brake torque.
id-US20200023817A1    abstract-A regenerative braking system for a vehicle includes a means  13  for storing details of one or more deceleration profiles for the vehicle; means for comparing  13,  arranged to compare a current braking manoeuvre with the or a selected stored deceleration profile which generates an output signal, during the manoeuvre, representative of any deviation of the deceleration profile of the current braking manoeuvre from the ideal deceleration profile with which it is compared. This output can be used to drive a display  14  to provide feedback to a driver as to the efficiency of a braking manoeuvre. Multiple ideal deceleration profiles may be stored and the system arranged to compare a current braking manoeuvre with the most relevant stored profile. Profiles may be stored in association with spatial, temporal and/or environmental information.
id-WO2018155083A1    abstract-It can effectively recover regenerative energy and improve fuel efficiency. Therefore, a motor that can transmit the drive force of the engine, a drive wheel that can transmit the drive force of the engine, a motor that can transmit the drive force from the engine, and a motor that can transmit the drive force between the drive wheel and the drive wheel, and a power supply to drive the motor are provided to the motor. In the HCM (50) of the hybrid vehicle, which has a battery to store the generated power, it stores information about the high efficiency range of the high efficiency range of the engine according to the engine characteristics of the engine. Part (53), the power generation measurement part (51), which measures the power generation in the low efficiency range generated by the motor and stored in the battery when the engine is operating in the low efficiency range outside the high efficiency range, and the electric power driving the motor The general control unit (52), which controls the power generated in the low efficiency range to be supplied to the motor when power is required.
id-EP3363674A1    abstract-The present invention concerns a wind power recovery system (1) and method for recovering wind power energy within a guided vehicle (2), the system (1) comprising: - a bearing structure (11) configured for being removably installed on-board the guided vehicle (2); - a wind turbine module (12) fixed to the bearing structure (11) and comprising at least one wind turbine (121); - at least one generator (13) for converting rotational mechanical energy of the wind turbine (121) into electrical energy, said generator (13) being supported by the bearing structure (11); - a control unit (14) fixed to the bearing structure (11) and configured for automatically controlling and commanding an opening or closing of a mechanical grille (4) for regulating an entry of frontal air flow (3) through the wind turbine (121); - a connector (16) for electrically connecting the generator to an electrical network of the guided vehicle (2) in order to provide said electrical network with said electrical energy.
id-US10668817B2    abstract-A driving device includes a motor; a power storage device; a first boost converter configured to exchange power by voltage conversion between a power storage device side and a motor side; a second boost converter connected to the first boost converter in parallel and configured to exchange power by voltage conversion between the power storage device side and the motor side; and an electronic control unit configured to control the first boost converter and the second boost converter. The electronic control unit controls the first boost converter and the second boost converter such that the loss of each of the first boost converter and the second boost converter is not minimized during an excessive power input in which power to be input to the power storage device from the motor side is greater than an input limit of the power storage device.
id-US10759411B2    abstract-A system and method of controlling regenerative braking of an eco-friendly vehicle are provided. The system eliminates a motor over-temperature state during regenerative braking, effectively prevents a chattering phenomenon in which regenerative braking torque is repeatedly increased and reduced after the motor over-temperature state, and consequently, improves the braking safety and operability of the vehicle. A torque output rate for motor regenerative braking torque limitation is determined from a current motor load and motor temperature using setting information when a motor over-temperature state is detected. Then, a final regenerative braking torque is determined by multiplying a motor regenerative braking torque, calculated from information including battery chargeable power and a driver braking operation value, by the determined torque output rate. Thereafter, regenerative braking of a motor is adjusted based on the determined final regenerative braking torque.
id-US10399454B2    abstract-A vehicle power supply apparatus includes a motor generator, a first electricity storage device, a second electricity storage device, a switch, a switch controller, and an electricity storage device determiner. The switch controller is configured to cause the first cutoff state of the switch, switchable between a first electrically conductive state that allows the motor generator and the first electricity storage device to be coupled to each other and a first cutoff state that allows the motor generator and the first electricity storage device to be isolated from each other, to be maintained in a situation where the first electricity storage device discharges beyond a threshold, on a condition that the switch is switched to the first cutoff state in accordance with controlling of the motor generator into a powering state and the second electricity storage device is determined as being in an abnormal state.
id-US9834206B1    abstract-A hybrid drive system has a battery and a combustion engine for energy sources. The system has a traction motor, a generator, a variable voltage converter (VVC), a motor inverter, a generator inverter, a bus coupling the VVC to the inverters, and a controller. The controller regulates engine speed, motor torque, and generator torque. The engine speed is determined according to a driver torque demand. In normal conditions, 1) the controller regulates the engine speed by modifying a generator torque command, and 2) the bus voltage is regulated using the VVC and battery. When the controller detects a fault in which the battery and VVC become unavailable for regulating the bus voltage, then the controller regulates a motor inverter power output to match a sum of a generator inverter power output and an estimated power loss of the inverters in order to regulate the bus voltage.
id-US20180281597A1    abstract-Systems of an electrical vehicle and the operations thereof are provided. Embodiments include an electric vehicle, rechargeable electric vehicle, and/or hybrid-electric vehicle and associated systems. The electric vehicle includes redundant vehicle control systems that monitor each other to prevent a dangerous reduction or change in torque to the electric motor(s). By monitoring each other, the redundant VCUs can ensure that a failure of the opposite VCU does not endanger the vehicle and may be shut down when the opposite VCU when the VCU's behavior is outside acceptable operating circumstances.
id-US20180251118A1    abstract-A system for increasing fuel efficiency of a vehicle includes a power source designed to convert a fuel into power and an input device designed to receive user input corresponding to a request to operate in a constant power mode. The system further includes at least one sensor designed to detect vehicle data corresponding to a current power of the power source and a memory designed to store an upper power threshold and a lower power threshold. The system further includes an electronic control unit (ECU) that is designed to determine the current power of the power source based on the detected vehicle data and to control the power source such that the current power remains between the upper power threshold and the lower power threshold when the user input corresponds to the request to operate in the constant power mode.
id-JP2018148715A    abstract-[problem] we provide a shift range controller that can switch the shift range appropriately when the rotation Angle sensor fails. The fault determination unit 81 of the shift range control device 40 detects the fault of the encoder 13 of the rotation Angle of the motor 10. When encoder 13 is normal, normal control unit 51 USES the detected value of encoder 13 to control the drive of motor 10. When the encoder 13 is abnormal, the error control unit 82 does not use the detection value of the encoder 13, and performs the open drive control, which is the error control of switching the energizing phase at each switching period. The fault control unit 82 sets a current reduction period with a duty of less than 100% in at least part of the current reduction period during which the power supply continues in the same direction in a phase. Thus, when encoder 13 is wrong, the motor 10 can be properly rotated to the target position corresponding to the required shift range. Select diagram: figure 4
id-US10500972B2    abstract-In a permanent magnet synchronous motor drive system, phase currents can be used to calculate a current that produces no shaft torque and only motor losses and a current that only produces shaft torque. These currents can be controlled to be resupplied into the motor drive system to a desired amount on a continuous basis to maintain a DC energy storage device voltage at a desired safe level. The calculated currents are resupplied to the motor drive system such that voltage levels within the DC energy storage device that approach a voltage maximum limit are transferred to the motor in the form of current that is dissipated by the motor without losing efficiency and control of driving a load with the motor.
id-WO2018172102A1    abstract-A system for and a method of managing and controlling the speed of a vehicle, comprising the following steps of: - estimating a length of a route to follow, - measuring an energy capacity of a vehicle, - calculating a maximum energy consumption per unit of length on the basis of the estimated length and of the measured energy capacity and - modulating the instantaneous travel speed of the vehicle so that the instantaneous energy consumption of the vehicle in motion is substantially equal to or less than the calculated maximum energy consumption for each section of the route.
id-US20200119679A1    abstract-A system for reducing a resonant oscillation on a direct current bus is disclosed. The system includes a battery, a first capacitor connected in parallel with the battery, and an inductor connected in series with the first capacitor. The system also includes a first element connected in series with the inductor, a second element connected in parallel with the inductor and the first element, and a second capacitor connected in series with the first element. The system also includes an electric machine connected to the second capacitor. During a re-generation mode for charging the battery, a re-generation current o flows from the electric machine to the battery, passing through the first element and the inductor and bypassing the second element. Additionally, during a motor mode, a motor current flows from the battery to the electric machine, passing through the second element and bypassing the first element and the inductor.
id-JP2018161017A    abstract-[challenges] to properly control field current in a winding field magnetic rotating electric machine. The rotating electric unit 20 has a rotating electric machine 21 with an arcing coil and a field magnetic winding, and a field magnetic winding 23 with multiple switching elements that energizing the field magnetic winding according to the switching element on/off, and has power generation function It has at least one of the functions of power. The rotation electric ECU24 controls the switching element on/off by controlling the field current using pulse width modulation. When rotating electric machine 21 is in action, according to the state of rotating electric machine 21, the carrier frequency is set by using the carrier frequency set by the setting part and the carrier frequency set by the setting part. A control part for controlling field magnetic current by shear width modulation is also provided. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US10518831B2    abstract-Provided are self-powered actively steerable converter dollies (SPASCDs) for long combination vehicles (LCVs), LCVs utilizing SPASCDs, and methods of operating such LCVs. These SPASCDs could be used with conventional tractors and/or specifically configured tractors. A SPASCD may include an electrical drive, which can generate power (e.g., to charge SPASCD's battery) or generate torque using the electrical power stored in SPASCD's battery (e.g., to assist the tractor during acceleration or going uphill). The SPASCD also comprises steerable wheels and a steering component, configured to change the steering angle of the steerable wheels. The steering angle may be changed in response to various inputs, such as the steering angle of the tractor's front steerable wheels, the steering angle of the steerable wheels of another trailer in the same LCV, sensor inputs, and the like. This steering feature allows change the track of the SPASCD, e.g., to follow the tractor's track.
id-US11325600B2    abstract-The present invention provides a vehicle control method capable of suppressing an increase in the frequency of stopping and restarting of the engine when the braking device is activated at the self-driving mode. When the operation mode is set as self-driving, the braking device is activated in accordance with a system deceleration request to keep an actual vehicle-speed at a target vehicle-speed or change the actual vehicle-speed at the target vehicle-speed or lower depending on environment surrounding the vehicle. Further, a braking amount is estimated, the braking amount is a magnitude of a braking force generated from the activated braking device. When the braking amount is an engine-stopping enabling threshold or more, enabling stopping is allowed. When the braking amount is less than the engine-stopping enabling threshold, enabling stopping is not allowed.
id-US10618421B2    abstract-A fuel cell system to be mounted on a vehicle includes: a fuel cell for generating electric power by using reactant gas; a secondary battery capable of charging and discharging electric power; a converter electrically connected between a drive motor for driving the vehicle and the secondary battery to perform voltage conversion between the drive motor and the secondary battery; and a controller for controlling the fuel cell system. The controller exerts such control that when an accelerator for accepting a speed control instruction for the vehicle has accepted a deceleration instruction under a condition that a charge rate of the secondary battery is equal to or more than a preset value, or when the accelerator has accepted a deceleration instruction under a condition that a chargeable electric power of the secondary battery is equal to or less than a preset value, electric power is discharged from the secondary battery during a period of power-running operation lasting until the drive motor with its torque being decreased shifts to regenerative operation. Thus, increases in frequency at which the auxiliary machine is operated to consume regenerative power can be suppressed.
id-US11021153B2    abstract-A control apparatus of an electric vehicle including a motor capable of outputting a vehicle driving force that is a driving force acting on the electric vehicle, and a brake device configured to generate a vehicle braking force that is a braking force acting on the electric vehicle in accordance with a brake operation performed by a driver, includes: a controller. The controller is configured to start a first hill-hold control for maintaining the electric vehicle in a stopped state by using the vehicle driving force generated by the motor as a stopping force for stopping the electric vehicle when the brake operation is interrupted.
id-US10308120B2    abstract-An autonomous or semi-autonomous vehicle is provided that is capable of braking itself without a driver depressing the brake pedal. The vehicle has a powertrain that includes an engine, a transmission, and a motor with a connected battery to provide regenerative braking capabilities. Friction brakes are provided to apply when necessary, such as when the battery has a high state of charge and further regenerative braking would overcharge the battery. The braking may be activated in response to a sensor detecting a distance to an object in front of the vehicle. A vehicle controller is programmed to automatically control amounts of regenerative braking and friction braking during a braking event based on a comparison between a regenerative torque limit of the powertrain and a desired brake torque over the brake event to safely brake the vehicle during the brake event.
id-US20200156771A1    abstract-An electric hydraulic motor system for aircraft having at least a taxing and takeoff mode. While in the taxiing and takeoff mode, a battery and optionally other sources of energy stored within the aircraft together provide energy to drive an electric motor, which in turn drives a hydraulic pump creating hydraulic pressure within the aircraft hydraulic system. The increase in hydraulic pressure within the system actuates a hydraulic motor connected to the aircraft wheels, thereby providing rotation to the wheels of the aircraft, moving the aircraft forward.
id-US20180312206A1    abstract-A system for and method of utilizing and generating electrical power is provided. The trailer assist system is configured to engage with a trailer of a tractor trailer or other vehicle, thereby converting the vehicle into a hybrid vehicle and/or a power generation vehicle as the vehicle travels along a road. The trailer assist system includes one or more drive wheel for selective engagement with the road, an electrical motor being selectively configured to provide power to the drive wheel and a regenerative braking system being selectively configured to generate power from the drive wheel. Retractable positioning wheels are selectively deployed to assist in moving the trailer assist into and out of position relative to a trailer, thereby facilitating exchanging one trailer assist system for another trailer assist system. A control system utilizes information from one or more sensor to optimize performance of the trailer assist system.
id-WO2018184868A2    abstract-With regard to the invention of the Containerterminal, in particular the port shape has at least one schienengebundenen Containerkran(1) and the Containerterminal Mittelspannungsnetz(6,7). This at least one Umspannungseinheit(5) connection is the Umspannungseinheit(5) Mittelspannung The Mittelspannungsnetzes (d)(6,7) are converted into a Niederspannung(soon), so that electric current is poured through at least one rail (2) to the rail-mounted crane (1), providing it with electrical energy.
id-WO2018190021A1    abstract-To achieve better driving performance when regenerative braking force increases or decreases when braking deceleration is required. In the control method of FF hybrid vehicles with a motor/generator (3) as the drive source, the target deceleration drive force is realized by coast regeneration, brake cooperative regeneration, and mechanical brake when the brake deceleration is requested, and the regenerative braking force is obtained by coast regeneration. The sum of regeneration amount and brake coordinated regeneration amount. When the regenerative braking force changes in an increase or decrease, the change gradient of the regenerative braking force is limited so that the mechanical braking force response rate > the regenerative braking force change rate. Moreover, when a low muon path control is started to reduce the regenerative braking force based on the occurrence of the braking slip during the brake deceleration, the control is implemented to keep the decline slope of the regenerative braking force at the limited slope (K).
id-US20180312157A1    abstract-A first, and second twin AC inverters for a hybrid vehicle, whereby, the first and second inverters having a first, and second twin AC hard wire terminal blocks, a cool-down C-D process, and a conventional Engine Control Unit computerized remote-control drive system, whereby, being capable of activating the twin AC terminal blocks for Freeway speed, hills, faster acceleration, and a hybrid vehicle momentum regenerative braking kinetic energy process for: charging a battery-pack, and multiple batteries. The computer being capable of activating the first terminal block, when the cool-down process is to end, and deactivating the second terminal block, when the cool-down process is to began. The Computer is capable of activating the first, or second terminal blocks, whereby, for operating in conjunction with one another for the Freeway speed for charging the battery-pack, including multiple batteries with respect to the above modification.
id-JP2018184059A    abstract-[subject] first, When the number of revolutions of the first motor is less than or equal to the number of revolutions of the first motor, the number of revolutions of the first motor shall be referred to as the number of revolutions of the first motor. It quickly rises above the predetermined number of rotations. Solution: above the first, When the accelerator operation amount exceeds the predetermined operation amount and the rotation speed of the first motor is less than or equal to the predetermined rotation speed, the second inverter can be operated in three phases. On. In this way, the rotation speed of the first motor can be higher than the predetermined rotation speed. Select diagram: figure 3
id-JPWO2018190022A1    abstract-Coast braking and regeneration are combined to prevent shock and recovery hunting due to the intervention of braking slip during coast deceleration. It has an engine (1) and a motor/generator (3). At the time of the accelerator release operation, the coast is slowed down together with the engine brake portion and the coast regeneration portion. In this FF hybrid vehicle control method, when braking slip is involved during coast deceleration, the target deceleration drive force is reduced in response to an increase in the slip rate, and the reduction in the target deceleration drive force is Shared by coast regeneration. When the coast regeneration is reduced, the decrease in the coast regeneration is limited to the maximum amount of the engine brake.
id-US20180312066A1    abstract-The invention being presented uses the motors already included in an electric vehicle to charge its batteries while in tow. The charging process provided by the invention is compatible with the charging speed of current battery technology. It will provide an effective way of charging vehicles in theater, when other sources of electrical energy may not be available.      Moreover, the proposed system can actually extend the brake life of the towing vehicle and improve performance boundaries of the overall system.
id-JPWO2018189891A1    abstract-To provide a control method for hybrid vehicles that can prevent a significant reduction in vehicle deceleration due to restrictions on regenerative torque while driving on the coast, and prevent drivers from feeling uncomfortable. The engine clutch (CL1) is released while driving on the coast by the accelerator release operation, and the coast regeneration torque generated by the motor generator (MG) is set as the target regeneration torque. When the predetermined regeneration restriction conditions are satisfied, the maximum regenerative torque is limited to a value less than the maximum regenerative torque that can be generated by a motor generator (MG). Then, a fastening instruction is output to the engine clutch (CL1) during the period from the beginning of the limit of the maximum regenerative torque until the maximum regenerative torque matches the target regenerative torque.
id-JPWO2018189896A1    abstract-We provide a control device for electric vehicles that can reduce the amount of oil shortage during the low-back control while keeping the change in the speed of vehicle deceleration in control. Motor generator (MG) and left and right drive wheels (LT, The oil pump (OP), which supplies oil to the CVT according to the rotational speed of the motor generator (MG), and the coast regenerative torque is generated during operation in the direction of the accelerator release. Included in the variable speed controller (18), the variable speed controller (15), and the motor controller (18), which performs the low-back control of changing the CVT to the starting gear ratio (lowest) as the vehicle speed is reduced, and performs the low-back control. The control device for the electric vehicle is equipped with a motor regenerative torque cut part that reduces motor regenerative torque, including coast regenerative torque, at the first change speed (Kv1) when the change in vehicle deceleration becomes less than the allowable value.
id-WO2018189904A1    abstract-When the strong deceleration mode is selected, suppress the deterioration of fuel consumption. When the accelerator release operation is in the coast state, the deceleration force applied to the vehicle can be changed in two stages according to the driver's choice, the first deceleration force and the second deceleration force greater than the first deceleration force, in the control method of the electric vehicle, the driving force is applied to the electric vehicle It also includes a motor/generator (3) that can give regenerative power, and a mode selection switch (40) that can select normal mode and strong regenerative mode according to the selection of the driver. Then, in the selection of normal mode, the first normal target drive force is calculated on the regeneration side; in the selection of strong regeneration mode, the first strong regeneration target drive force is calculated that is stronger on the regeneration side than the first normal target drive force; in the selection of strong regeneration mode, the second deceleration force is calculated by the driver operation When the strong regeneration and deceleration mode by force is selected, the second strong regeneration target drive force which is negative more than the first strong regeneration target drive force is calculated during the selection of the strong deceleration mode, and the regenerative force corresponding to each calculated target drive force is output to the motor.
id-WO2018189897A1    abstract-We provide a control device for electric vehicles that can suppress the change in vehicle speed reduction when friction clutch slip-in is controlled under low temperature. The second clutch (CL2) placed between the motor generator (MG) and the left and right drive wheels, the oil pump (OP) driven by the motor generator (MG), and the motor generator (MG) when coasting the vehicle. Equipped with a motor controller (18) that generates regenerative torque and sets the coast regenerative torque to 0 at a predetermined coast regenerative end speed (Vce), the motor controller (18) slips the second clutch (CL2) Coast regeneration torque when slip-in speed (Vsin) is higher than coast regeneration end speed (Vce), and strong coast torque when slip-in speed (Vsin) is lower than coast regeneration end speed (Vce). It was a control device for an electric vehicle that was smaller than THi.
id-US10696164B2    abstract-A vehicle includes a motor and a controller. The controller is programmed to, responsive to an autonomous braking request and a predicted average braking torque associated with the request having a magnitude less than a powertrain regenerative torque limit, brake the vehicle only with the motor according to a torque profile adapted from a most efficient torque profile of the motor so as to have an average value falling within a specified range of the average braking torque.
id-US20180345952A1    abstract-The disclosure is directed at a method and apparatus for an active convertor dolly for use in a tractor-trailer configuration. In one embodiment, the apparatus includes a system to connect a tractor to a trailer. The apparatus further includes a charge generating system for translating the mechanical motions or actions of the dolly into electricity or electrical energy so that this energy can be used to charge a battery or to power other functionality for either the dolly or the tractor-trailer. The active dolly may also operate to assist in shunting the tractor-trailer.
id-JP2018191521A    abstract-[challenges] to provide an electric work vehicle that can consume improved regenerative power to avoid overcharging the battery. The motor control unit 50 adjusts the power from the battery 20 and supplies it to the battery 20 by controlling the inverter; The charging control unit 53 for control includes a battery state detector 9 for detecting the state of the battery 20 including the charging rate of the battery 20, and a regenerative power detector 6 for detecting the generation of regenerative power. When the charging rate is in the margin region set between the overcharging region and the charging/discharging region and regenerative power is generated, the motor control unit supplies the regenerative power to the stopped motor and the motor rotates through vector control. Give the inverter a non-rotating current command that generates a random magnetic flux. Select diagram: figure 3
id-EP3401201A1    abstract-A plurality of control maps respectively corresponding to a plurality of lever operation amounts are stored in a storage device. Each control map defines a driving force to be output from an electric motor such that the driving force corresponds to an accelerator operation amount and a vehicle speed. A control device uses a control map corresponding to an actual lever operation amount among the plurality of control maps and thereby calculates the driving force to be output from the electric motor based on an actual accelerator operation amount and an actual vehicle speed from the control map. This vehicle can alleviate discomfort caused when a driver accustomed to an engine vehicle operates an electric vehicle.
id-EP3409589A1    abstract-The invention of a secondary propulsion system for the vehicle is full of at least one symmetrical propeller (18), a set of at least one Rotorachse radial extension for itself Rotorblatt(20) and one for the Rotorachse gegenuberliegendes Ausgleichsgewicht(22) capability, also fully Ansteuervorrichtung to electric motors (24) electric motors (24) with Akkumulator connected to energy and set up and trained like in Umlaufzyklusses, which ~ 3 Umlaufe trained all kinds of Rotorblattes(20), including at least one Beschleunigungsphase electric motor (24) to accelerate Rotors (18) beschleunigbar and at least one Bremsphase The bremsbar electric motor (24) is another way, and Ansteuervorrichtung was trained to connect the engine (24) to the battery (28) for at least part of the time.
id-WO2018214588A1    abstract-The braking energy recovery method comprises: the braking energy recovery system of a vehicle obtains the running parameter information of the vehicle within the preset period based on the speed information of the vehicle within the preset period; Wherein, the preset duration is greater than the duration of the vehicle in a braking state at any time, and the braking state is that the vehicle is in a state of active deceleration or non-active acceleration; Based on the operating parameter information, the current traffic state of the operating road where the vehicle is located is predicted; Based on the feedback moment mapping information matching the current traffic state, the feedback moment of the vehicle under the braking state under the current traffic state is determined; When the vehicle is in the braking state, the braking energy of the vehicle is converted to electrical energy based on the feedback torque and the electrical energy is stored in the battery (40) of the vehicle. Electric vehicles using the method are also disclosed. According to the braking energy recovery method, the size of the feedback torque can be adjusted adaptively according to the current traffic state, which can avoid the inaccuracy of adjusting the size of the feedback torque only based on the driver's experience, and also avoid the low energy utilization rate caused by too large or too small feedback torque as far as possible. To improve the accuracy of adjusting the size of the feedback torque of the motor and improve the efficiency of energy utilization.
id-US10207588B1    abstract-The vehicle turbine charging system is adapted for use with a vehicle. The vehicle is further defined with one or more body panels, a brake system, and an electrical system. The electrical system is further defined with a brake signal and a battery. The vehicle turbine charging system is a regenerative braking device. The operation of the vehicle turbine charging system is initiated upon the application of the brake system on the vehicle. The vehicle turbine charging system comprises one or more regeneration devices. Each individual regeneration device selected from the one or more regeneration devices diverts air flow from around the vehicle through the turbine. The turbine powers the regeneration circuit to provide electrical energy that recharges battery. The control circuit opens and closes the intake that diverts the air flow to the turbine. The intake is open during brake system operation and is otherwise closed.
id-US20200070663A1    abstract-A method for manually and individually configuring a recuperation behavior of an electrically driven vehicle includes the manual setting of the recuperation behavior. The manual setting of the recuperation behavior includes both setting a recuperation intensity and setting a recuperation delay. Accordingly, it is possible to manually meter the braking torque such that both a pleasant driving sensation as well as a situation-specific energy recovery is achieved.
id-WO2018221269A1    abstract-To provide a control device for an electric vehicle that can suppress the instability of the vehicle by locking the rear wheels first or the deterioration of driving ability by locking the front wheels early. The control unit consists of a regenerative power control unit that calculates the regenerative power generated by the front and rear motors based on the braking force required by the electric vehicle, a power limit unit that reduces the regenerative power based on the power limit of the power source, and a power limit unit. The friction damping power output unit outputs a command to the brake device to generate friction damping power corresponding to the reduction in regenerative damping power, which is the amount of reduction in regenerative damping power.
id-US10543831B2    abstract-A control apparatus for a vehicle provided with a motor/generator functioning as a drive power source, and a mechanically operated transmission mechanism which constitutes a part of a power transmitting path between the motor/generator and drive wheels, the control apparatus including a motor/generator control portion configured to implement a regenerative torque control of the motor/generator so as to generate a regenerative torque according to a braking operation by an operator of the vehicle in a decelerating run of the vehicle, and a transmission shifting control portion configured to initiate a shift-down action of the mechanically operated transmission mechanism after a rate of change of the regenerative torque has been held within a predetermined range for at least a predetermined length of time, where a determination to implement the shift-down action is made in the process of the regenerative torque control of the motor/generator according to the braking operation.
id-US10399440B2    abstract-Methods and systems are provided for operating a hybrid vehicle during operating conditions where vehicle braking is requested. In one example, regenerative braking is permitted during conditions of wheel slip so that a greater portion of a vehicle's kinetic energy may be recovered and stored as electrical energy. Additionally, in some examples, the amount of regenerative braking is adjusted responsive to a torque of a differential clutch during wheel slip conditions.
id-US10710675B2    abstract-An electric bike comprises a front wheel, a rear wheel, a seat for a rider to sit on, a frame that supports the front wheel, the rear wheel and the seat, a driving device that provides moving energy to the electric bike and a braking device that reduces the speed of the electric bike. The driving device comprises one or more electric motors. The electric bike further comprises a pedal assembly that receives muscle power from the rider. The pedal assembly comprises a pedal axis and two pedals fixed to the pedal axis. The torque from the pedal assembly is not mechanically transferred to the front wheel or the rear wheel.
id-US10202048B2    abstract-System, methods, and other embodiments described herein relate to preemptively controlling one or more vehicle systems of a vehicle. In one embodiment, a method includes, in response to (i) detecting that a present traffic level along a route of the vehicle satisfies a congestion threshold and (ii) detecting that a type of roadway on which the vehicle is traveling is a highway, determining whether the vehicle is traveling in a high occupancy vehicle (HOV) lane by identifying whether a number of passengers in the vehicle satisfies an HOV threshold. The method includes adjusting the one or more vehicle systems within the vehicle according to whether the number of passengers satisfies the HOV threshold to cause the vehicle to operate efficiently while traveling along the route with the present traffic level.
id-US10493989B2    abstract-A method of guiding a coasting time point of a vehicle includes steps of detecting occurrence of an upcoming deceleration event, determining driver's coasting characteristics for each deceleration event based on information of the detected occurrence of an upcoming deceleration event and a vehicle driving state, and determining a coasting guidance time point based on a determined result of coasting characteristics corresponding to a type of the detected deceleration event. The method provides, to a driver, information of a time point at which the driver needs to release an accelerator pedal operation, in order to begin coasting at an appropriate time point when a deceleration situation is assumed to lie ahead.
id-US20180312159A1    abstract-This method covers the utilization of alternators for recharging batteries and electric car mileage range improvement. It involves the usage of the rotors to charge and to extend range for an electric car, while the car is in motion. There are two methods that will be explained, these methods are called the Jent methods. The first method will be connecting the alternator to the rear axles. The second method is having an alternator rotor hybrid so that the car can still charge and have the ability to stop and apply brakes with full function.
id-US20180370383A1    abstract-Methods and systems for power management using a power converter in transport are provided. In one embodiment, the method includes monitoring a varying AC input to the power converter. The method also includes calculating a power factor adjustment based on the monitored varying AC input. Also, the method includes a power converter controller adjusting the power converter based on the calculated power factor adjustment to cause the power converter to supply a reactive current to a varying AC load.
id-US20200198474A1    abstract-A device which is configured for controlling a vehicle drive ( 40 ) for traction of a vehicle has a drive control apparatus and a monitoring apparatus. In order to ensure a high degree of safety when using the vehicle drive during rapid deceleration of the vehicle, the monitoring apparatus provides a traction release control signal value to the drive control apparatus, under the effect of which the drive control apparatus is enabled to control the vehicle drive, if, in addition to a traction release request signal value due to a rapid deceleration request and an additional traction lock request signal value due to a traction lock request, an additional traction release request signal value due to a traction release condition has effect on the monitoring apparatus. There is also described a vehicle with such a device and to a method for controlling a vehicle drive for traction of a vehicle.
id-US20180362014A1    abstract-An electric car draws lots of power that needs to be on board the moving vehicle. An adaptive power supply can combine a variety of sources of electrical energywhich may include an internal combustion engineand use those different sources to efficiently produce the electrical power required. An adaptive power supply provides optimal performance by sensing changing conditions, often hundreds of times per second, and then adapting itself to those conditions in order to optimize efficiency at each particular instant during a car's operation. Those conditions may include changes in user inputs, machine operating conditions, and machine operating parameters. Having multiple sources of electrical power allows effective control of more independent power parameters, enabling greater freedom to adapt to optimize efficiency. That gives adaptive power supplies that are cheaper, smaller, lighter, more powerful, and more efficient than conventional designs.
id-WO2018226120A1    abstract-The invention refers to the transformative technique and is intended for use on ac electric locomotives as a traction converter. The technical result is an increase in the power coefficient and a smooth voltage control on collector engines in drive and regenerative braking modes. Traction converter electric locomotive connected to traction transformer, contains a controlled bridge connected to one section of secondary winding of traction transformer, diode shoulders connected to other conclusions of secondary windings of traction transformer through a set of contactors, forming n control zones, in drive mode the collecting engine is load, in regenerative braking mode it is generator, Independently supplied winding arousal from straightening arousal installation.
id-JP2019006263A    abstract-[challenges] make the vehicle control device function properly even if there is an abnormality in the battery. The first power system 51 includes a lead battery 31 and an electrical load connected to it; the second power system 52 includes a starter generator 16 connected to the engine and a lithium-ion battery 32 connected to it; Switch SW1 is controlled as the on and off state of the connection power system 51 and the second power system 52; switch control unit controls switch SW1 based on the working state of the starter generator 16, and switch system When starter generator 16 is controlled to run and the engine is started from stop, it controls switch SW1 to shut down, and starter generator 16 is controlled to run and the engine is rotated. When an auxiliary drive is performed from the state, switch SW1 is controlled to the on state. Selection diagram: figure 9
id-US20190009760A1    abstract-An operating method for an electrified motor vehicle having an electric drive while being coupled to a towing vehicle by a connecting device in such a manner that the pulling forces and pushing forces between the vehicles are transmitted. The towing vehicle may communicate data to the motor vehicle used to control the motor vehicle to provide a controlled force exerted on the towing vehicle by the motor vehicle during towing. The controlled force exerted on the towing vehicle may vary based on the prevailing force direction between the vehicles, acceleration, and battery state of charge (SOC) of the motor vehicle. The controlled force may include a driving force or a braking force. The braking force may be provided by regenerative braking of the motor vehicle and/or by friction braking of the motor vehicle.
id-US20200381935A1    abstract-An electric power supply system  100  comprises a fuel cell system  20  including an FC auxiliary machine  23  that operates to causes fuel cells to generate an electric power, and a battery  10  that generates heat through discharging and charging. The electric power supply system  100  supplies the electric power to an electric load device  90 . The electric power supply system  100  determines an operation state of the battery  10 , and supplies the electric power discharged from the battery  10  to the FC auxiliary machine  23  of the fuel cell system  20  when it is determined that the battery  10  is a predetermined temperature or less. When it is determined that the battery  10  is in a charging state, the electric power supply system  100  reduces or stops the electric power supplied to the FC auxiliary machine  23.
id-WO2019025183A1    abstract-The invention used herein relates to a configuration device (1) and a method of operation for an electronic military vehicle. This RV has a front axle (2); At least two edges (3); Provide at least one horizontal backhaul device (3) bottom line (4); At least one electric engine with a propulsion shaft (3); The other battery (5) provides power to the electric engine. In the charging operation, if the electric motor is a generator and the charge is driven by the rear axle (3) to charge the battery (5), the installed device will adjust the level and the load of the back operation (3) to optimize the sound effect.
id-US20190039598A1    abstract-A control device is provided for a vehicle which includes an electric motor that executes regeneration during deceleration of the vehicle and which performs manned running with at least one occupant in the vehicle and also unmanned running without any occupant in the vehicle. The control device is configured to cause the electric motor to execute the regeneration within a regeneration allowable range, such that the regeneration allowable range for the unmanned running of the vehicle is larger than the regeneration allowable range for the manned running of the vehicle. The regeneration allowable range is defined by, for example, an allowable maximum regenerative torque that is variable depending on a running speed of the vehicle upon the regeneration by the electric motor.
id-US10392003B2    abstract-Systems and methods provide control the amount of battery SOC of a hybrid vehicle prior to reaching a downgrade section of roadway in order to offset the amount of energy that the hybrid vehicle will recuperate when traveling the downgrade. Navigation systems and methods are used to identify upcoming road conditions, such as downgrades. In this way, the battery SOC of the hybrid vehicle can maintain the capacity to allow a motor of the hybrid vehicle to assist in decelerating the hybrid vehicle during the downgrade if need be. Additionally, a situation where the battery is fully charged before reaching the end of the downgrade is avoided, which if not, could result in overcharging the battery, or having to switch to an engine-only mode of travel, where a driver must supplement engine braking with friction braking.
id-US10569640B2    abstract-A vehicle control apparatus includes a shift control portion is configured, when determining that a shift-down action to establish one of gear positions in a transmission mechanism by release of an engagement device and engagement of a one-way clutch, is to be executed during decelerating run of the vehicle, to initiate execution of the shift-down action to establish the one of the of gear positions after an input torque inputted to the transmission mechanism becomes not lower than a predetermined negative value. The predetermined negative value is a predetermined minimum value that becomes not lower than a certain value at a point of time at which the release of the engagement device is completed in process of the shift-down action. The certain value is a value of the input torque enabling the one-way clutch to be automatically engaged.
id-US10654454B2    abstract-A vehicle brake system, wherein an electric brake device is configured such that a clearance exists between a friction member and a rotary body when no braking force request is made, and wherein a controller is configured to: execute, for a hydraulic brake device, from a time point of generation of the request, a braking-force-request-dependent control for generating a hydraulic braking force in accordance with a degree of the request; and execute, for the electric brake device, (a) a clearance removing control for removing the clearance, which is executed from the time point of generation of the request till a time point when the degree increases up to a threshold degree, and (b) a braking-force-request-dependent control for generating an electric braking force in accordance with the degree of the request, the control being executed after the time point when the degree becomes equal to the threshold degree.
id-US10906516B2    abstract-Provided is a brake control system that can reduce use of a mechanical braking in a railway vehicle using an automatic train control (ATC). The present disclosure is a brake control system for a railway vehicle using an ATC. The brake control system includes: a main electric motor, a main conversion device, a brake controller, and an ATC device. The main electric motor generates a braking force by converting kinetic energy of a wheel of the railway vehicle to electrical energy. The main conversion device actuates the main electric motor. The brake controller outputs a braking signal to the main conversion device. The ATC device outputs a braking command to the brake controller based on the ATC. In addition, the ATC device outputs a preliminary braking signal for energizing the main electric motor prior to output of the braking command.
id-US20190047542A1    abstract-An Electric Tag Axle has a differential connected to two axle shafts. A two speed gearbox is connected to the differential by way of a ring and pinion gear. A longitudinally arranged electric motor/generator is connected to the two speed gearbox. A single wheel disconnect mechanism within the axle allows for neutral operation by allowing the differential to freewheel. A vehicle energy management system is connected to the Electric Tag Axle and to a traction battery pack, and is configured to operate the Electric Tag Axle in a low range motoring mode, a high range motoring mode, a regenerative braking mode, and in the neutral mode. This allows the Electric Tag Axle are able to efficiently make use of a limited amount of stored electrical energy during vehicle takeoff, while efficiently supplementing propulsion power during motoring at cruise speeds, and while efficiently recapturing kinetic energy during regenerative braking.
id-US10399459B1    abstract-An energy recovery system for a machine, and particularly a multi-wheeled vehicle, includes an energy generation component housed within one or more of said wheel assemblies, coupled to an energy storage component which selectively receives energy from said vehicle motion effect on said energy generation component(s) and delivers said energy to a said energy storage component. In one embodiment, said energy generation is an electric generator, and said storage component is an electric battery.
id-US10857891B2    abstract-Provided are an electronic brake system and a method of controlling the same. The electronic brake system includes a pedal input unit configured to receive a pedal force according to a driver's braking intention, an estimating unit configured to estimate a temperature and a friction coefficient of a brake disk pad, and a control unit configured to correct a braking target pressure according to the driver's braking intention on the basis of the estimated temperature and friction coefficient of the brake disk pad.
id-US10756392B2    abstract-According to one embodiment, a secondary battery is provided. The secondary battery includes a negative electrode, a positive electrode, a first aqueous electrolyte, a second aqueous electrolyte, and a partition having a first surface and a second surface opposite to the first surface. The partition is positioned between the negative electrode and the positive electrode. The first aqueous electrolyte is in contact with the first surface of the partition and the negative electrode. The second aqueous electrolyte is in contact with the second surface of the partition and the positive electrode. The partition contains a solid electrolyte having alkali metal ion conductivity. The first aqueous electrolyte includes an organic compound.
id-US20200231066A1    abstract-An electric vehicle includes first to fourth motors respectively mounted to individually rotate right and left wheels in the front and rear of the vehicle, first to fourth fuel cell stack modules independently connected to the respective motors so as to supply power to the first to fourth motors, a battery pack for supplying power to the first to fourth motors, a main control part for controlling the first to fourth motors, the first to fourth fuel cell stack modules and the battery pack and a tank for supplying hydrogen gas to the first to fourth fuel cell stack modules.
id-EP3640103A1    abstract-A power regeneration system of a work vehicle includes: a first generator (12) and a second generator (31) that are driven by an engine (11); a first electric circuit (C1) for supplying electric power to traveling motors (10L, 10R); a second electric circuit (C2) for supplying electric power to an auxiliary device (35); a voltage step down converter (21) providing electric power from the first electric circuit to the second electric circuit; and a controller (51) that determines whether a travel mode of the work vehicle is a powering mode or a regeneration mode in order to control driving of the voltage step down converter. If the travel mode is the regeneration mode, the controller provides the regenerative power from the first electric circuit through the voltage step down converter to the second electric circuit, in order to drive the auxiliary device with the regenerative power.
id-WO2019053675A2    abstract-Disclosed is a regenerative braking arrangement for an electrical vehicle. The regenerative braking arrangement includes at least one electrical motor including a casing, a stator mounted on the casing. The stator includes one or more planar (plate-like) stator elements extending from the casing. The motor also includes a rotor having a shaft and a one or more plate-like rotor elements attached to the shaft and magnetic bearings coupled to ends of the shaft. The one or more planar (plate-like) stator and rotor elements include electrical winding coil arrangements having a regenerative braking coil arrangement. The regenerative braking arrangement also includes a motor control arrangement having a rotor excitation unit and a switching control unit for selectively energizing the regenerative braking coil arrangement for generating electrical power from the at least one electrical motor when regenerative braking is applied in operation to recharge the rechargeable battery arrangement of the electrical vehicle.
id-WO2019054875A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a method for converting a diesel-electric, or diesel hydraulic rail vehicle to an all-electric rail vehicle capable of moving on partially electrified railway tracks, comprising providing the vehicle a storage and autonomous supply electric power system comprising an electric traction unit, if not present in the vehicle prior to the conversion, or if the existing electric traction unit is to be replaced; an accumulator unit comprising one or more electricity accumulators, and a super capacitor unit comprising one or more super-capacitive assemblies; a power supply device for supplying external power when available to the traction and the storage and supply system, and a control and distribution system for distributing electric power between the traction system, the power supply device and the electric power storage and autonomous supply system according to the traction operation and availability of external power.
id-US20190077244A1    abstract-A system for regenerating an emissions particulate filter that filters particulates from exhaust generated by an engine of a vehicle. The system includes an electric heater and a generator. The electric heater heats the emissions particulate filter to burn off exhaust particulates that have accumulated on the emissions particulate filter. The generator converts kinetic energy of the vehicle into electricity during regenerative braking of the vehicle. Electricity generated by the generator powers the electric heater. Energy used to power the electric heater can also come from engine load shifting.
id-US10017056B1    abstract-Systems and methods are disclosed for electric vehicles with removable homopolar generators for increased driving distances. In one embodiment, an example electric vehicle may include at least one drive motor configured to impart motion to one or more wheels of the electric vehicle, a plurality of rechargeable batteries configured to power the at least one drive motor, and a homopolar generator positioned within the electric vehicle and electrically coupled to the plurality of rechargeable batteries. The homopolar generator may be configured to generate current to charge the plurality of rechargeable batteries. The electric vehicle may include one or more solid state relays electrically coupled between the plurality of rechargeable batteries, and a controller configured to manage charging of the plurality of rechargeable batteries.
id-US10173663B1    abstract-An electric vehicle receives propulsion power from two sources of Static, stored, electric power and three sources of Dynamic, generated electric power. The two stored sources are a Battery and a supercapacitor system. The three sources of Dynamic power are: (1) Regenerative power in both the braking, deceleration phase of travel, the downward slope of travel over some extended distance, and part of cruise control; (2) Power from a modified Squirrel Cage Generator; and (3) Power through the solar silicon panels. The Static and Dynamic powers are fed into the current Consolidator, Distributer, and Controller (CDC) systems to provide electric power to the drive motors. The total distance travelled is the sum of the Static, stored power plus the generated power of the Dynamic system.
id-WO2019056046A1    abstract-There is disclosed an energy management system for a towed vehicle comprising; an energy harvesting system for harvesting electrical energy from the energy of the towed vehicle; an energy storage system for storing said harvested electrical energy; and a computer controller for controlling the release of said stored electrical energy to one or more components of the towed vehicle for operating the towed vehicle.
id-US20190070973A1    abstract-A power supply system includes: a first power storage device; a second power storage device having a lower voltage than the first power storage device; a DC-DC converter including a choke coil, a first switching element, a diode connected in parallel with the first switching element, and a second switching element; a semiconductor relay configured to switch a connection state between a second end of the choke coil and the second power storage device; and a controller configured to perform PWM control of the first switching element and the second switching element to control ON and OFF of the semiconductor relay. When an ON time of the second switching element is controlled to become zero and a current flowing out from the second power storage device exceeds a first reference current, the controller reduces a duty ratio of an ON time of the first switching element.
id-WO2019049836A1    abstract-This is a vehicle power assist system that can perform drive assist or regenerative braking to prevent the increase of the weight of the vehicle and prevent the generation of unexpected braking force from the electric generator. The vehicle power assist system is equipped with a dc power supply (10), an electric generator (14) that generates drive assist force or regenerative control force supported by a wheel bearing supporting the wheel (5), and a control device (39). The control device (39) is set between the power conversion circuit (12) for converting direct current to alternating current, the control circuit (16) for controlling the power conversion circuit (12), the power conversion circuit (12) and the electric generator (14), and electrically connects and cuts off the power conversion circuit. It has a switchable phase open circuit (13). When the induced voltage generated by the rotation of the electric generator 14 exceeds the power supply voltage, the control circuit 16 electrically isolates the electric generator 14 from the dc power supply 10 through the phase open circuit 13.
id-WO2019059361A1    abstract-One side of the vehicle power system of the present invention includes A control part (20, 37, 47) and A working setting part (10a, 10b). The controlled part is connected to the first or second power system. The working setting part is connected to the control source system that represents a power system in the first or second power system that is different from the power system in which the control part is connected, and the voltage change of the control destination system that represents the same power system as the power system in which the control part is connected. The configuration is to obtain the parameters representing the trillion and set the power supply status of the control unit according to the signs indicated by the parameters.
id-US10730393B2    abstract-Methods and systems are provided for operating a hybrid vehicle during operating conditions where vehicle braking is requested. In one example, regenerative braking is allocated to vehicle axles responsive to wheel torques of respective vehicle axles in response to an anti-lock braking system being activated. Additionally, friction braking torque is allocated to vehicle axles responsive to the anti-lock braking system being activated.
id-US10933752B2    abstract-A device comprises motor controller coupled to a drive motor and a battery pack of a vehicle. The motor controller comprises a processor that is configured to: determine that the vehicle is engaged in a neutral braking mode, and after determining that the vehicle is engaged in the neutral braking mode: select a neutral braking torque curve, determine a rotational velocity of the drive motor, based on the determined rotational velocity of the drive motor, determine an amount of regenerative braking torque to apply to the drive motor based on the selected neutral braking torque curve, apply the determined amount of regenerative braking torque to the drive motor, wherein applying the determined amount of regenerative braking torque to the drive motor results in a regenerative current generated by the drive motor, and supply the regenerative current to the battery pack to at least partially recharge the battery pack.
id-US10333338B2    abstract-An exemplary charging method includes charging a storage battery of a mule vehicle as a tow vehicle tows the mule vehicle to a stranded vehicle. The storage battery configured to be electrically coupled to a traction battery of an electrified vehicle to charge the traction battery. An exemplary charging assembly includes a mule vehicle. A storage battery of the mule vehicle charges as the mule vehicle is towed to a stranded vehicle. The storage battery is configured to be electrically coupled to a traction battery of the electrified vehicle to charge the traction battery.
id-US11084498B2    abstract-An apparatus and a method for controlling a driving mode of a vehicle are provided. The apparatus includes a mode converter that converts the driving mode of the vehicle based on an operation of a mode conversion input. When the driving mode is converted into a custom mode, a mode setting screen for adjusting a setting value of a driving characteristic preset is configured and the configured mode setting screen is displayed on a display of the vehicle. A tuning device then tunes a driving characteristic of the custom mode based on a setting value adjusted on the mode setting screen.
id-US20190152482A1    abstract-Brake force distribution via a combination of mechanical braking and regenerative braking techniques is described. In an example, a brake system of a vehicle can detect a braking action and can cause a first negative force to be distributed across two or more wheel assemblies associated with the vehicle. A control system of the vehicle can send a command to at least a power system of the vehicle to cause the power system to affect a second negative force on a first wheel assembly and a positive force on a second wheel assembly to cause an uneven distribution of brake force between the first wheel assembly and the second wheel assembly. As a result, a combined net braking force is applied to the front wheelsthe wheels with the most gripand a reduced net braking force to is applied to the rear wheels to prevent rear-wheel lock-up.
id-JP2019079181A    abstract-[challenges] reduce electric power consumption while waiting for a pick-up request and reduce the temperature inside the vehicle that is uncomfortable for the user during pick-up request. When receiving the pick up request from the user (step S200), the management center extracts the empty vehicle that meets the pick up request and selects it as the pick up vehicle (step S201). After selecting the transport vehicle, the management center sends the air conditioning ON instruction to the transport vehicle (step S202). When receiving the drop OFF completion information from the pick up vehicle (step S205), the management center selects the standby area (step S206) and sends the air conditioning OFF instruction to the pick up vehicle (step S207). Select diagram: figure 3
id-US20200207329A1    abstract-A method, apparatus, and system are disclosed for incrementally derating a torque applied by a drivetrain in response a number of traction control events detected by a traction control system over a predetermined time period.
id-US10513186B1    abstract-The in-wheel electric motor system with an increased electromagnetic flux and energy recovery brake provides electromagnetic flux with optimal characteristics of starting torque and peak power in all modes of motor operating. It becomes possible because the stator of the electric motor consists of windings with a star connection and windings with a wye connection in such a way that electromagnetic fields of these windings are summed and the number of phases of the motor is more than a standard motor that has one type of winding.
id-US10513251B2    abstract-Presented are engine-disconnect clutches with attendant control logic, methods for making/operating such disconnect clutches, and hybrid electric vehicles (HEV) equipped with an engine that is coupled to/decoupled from a transmission and electric motor via a disconnect clutch. A representative method for controlling an HEV powertrain includes receiving an HEV powertrain operation command, then determining a clutch mode of a multi-mode clutch device to execute the HEV powertrain operation. This multi-mode clutch device is operable in: a lock-lock mode, in which the clutch device transmits torque to and from the engine; a free-free mode, in which the clutch device disconnects the engine's output member from the transmission's input member, preventing torque transmission to and from the engine; a lock-free mode, in which the clutch device transmits torque from but not to the engine; and, a free-lock mode, in which the clutch device transmits torque to but not from the engine.
id-US10821948B2    abstract-A vehicle includes a user-actuatable switch and a controller. When the switch is actuated, the controller is adapted to effect a regenerative braking command to actuate a regenerative brake system when a vehicle speed is above a threshold speed, and to effect a parking brake command to actuate an electric park brake when the vehicle speed is less than or equal to the threshold speed.
id-US10744892B2    abstract-Methods and systems are provided for expediting charging of a battery before entry into a zero emissions zone. In one example, the battery is charged with a ratio of motor torque drawn from a first electric motor of an electric turbocharger and a second electric motor of an HEV driveline. The ratio is coordinated with adjustments to an exhaust waste-gate and an intake throttle so as to maintain operator torque demand and propel the vehicle while charging the battery.
id-JP2019098833A    abstract-[challenges] we provide a control device for hybrid vehicles that can simultaneously prevent overcharging of the battery during deceleration, ensure deceleration rate, and improve fuel economy by optimizing the timing of control that discards regenerative power during deceleration. [solution] the vehicle is connected to the first motor generator MG1, battery BAT and drive wheel DW, which are generated by the engine ENG, and is powered by the battery BAT and the first motor generator MG1. Has a second motor generator MG2, and so on. The ECU1 of the vehicle USES regenerative power to drive the first motor generator MG1 as an electric motor, and performs braking control with the load of the first motor generator MG1 as engine ENG when the SOC is above the start threshold of power loss, and then high Change the start of the decommissioning threshold based on the running state of the brid vehicle. Select diagram: figure 8
id-US11325477B2    abstract-An electrical brake energy feedback system, including a rectifier and inverter circuit, an intermediate DC circuit, a first voltage detection circuit configured to detect voltages of positive and negative terminals of the intermediate DC circuit to obtain a first voltage signal, a bidirectional DC/DC conversion circuit and/or a regeneration control circuit, and an electrical energy flow control circuit for controlling operating states of the bidirectional DC/DC conversion circuit and/or the regeneration control circuit according to the first voltage signal. With this system, the electrical brake energy can be recovered to the greatest extent when the vehicle is running in different zones, and the electrical brake energy consumed by the brake resistor is as little as possible. Accordingly, the vehicle and the entire transportation system can be more energy-saving and environmentally friendly.
id-WO2019102998A1    abstract-Provides a vehicle that controls posture according to driving conditions such as deceleration. At least one of the front and rear wheels of the vehicle 100, which can be advanced by the driving force of the driver of the present invention, consists of a left and right pair of wheels 101 and 102, which detects the status of the vehicle 100 and performs the detection. In response, the rotational forces of a pair of wheels 101 and 102 can be controlled independently of each other and the braking forces of a pair of wheels 101 and 102 can be synchronized and equal.
id-US10604144B2    abstract-A method and an apparatus for controlling a hybrid electric vehicle are disclosed. The method includes: determining whether an uphill section is present on a driving route; calculating a regenerative braking amount at a downhill section following the uphill section; determining whether a state of charge (SOC) of a low voltage battery is equal to or greater than a first predetermined value at the time of entering the uphill section; determining whether an SOC of a high voltage battery is equal to or greater than a second predetermined value when the SOC of the low voltage battery is equal to or greater than the first predetermined value; and controlling the MHSG to generate auxiliary torque corresponding to the regenerative braking amount at the downhill section when the SOC of the high voltage battery is equal to or greater than the second predetermined value.
id-US20200283091A1    abstract-Provided is a vehicle that performs position control in accordance with a travel condition such as turning or a change in a road surface. In a vehicle according to the present invention that can be propelled by an activating force of a driver, at least one of a front wheel section and a rear wheel section is structured from a left/right pair of wheels, a condition of the vehicle is detected, the rotational force of each of the pair of wheels can be controlled independently of one another in response to the detection, and the pair of wheels are attached to the vehicle via a suspension mechanism.
id-US11130409B1    abstract-A performance learning system and method is provided for a utility vehicle. The performance learning system includes a propulsion system, a plurality of sensors disposed on the vehicle and capable of acquiring operational data associated with the vehicle, a processor, and a memory configured to store historical operational data. The processor can be configured to receive the operational data from the sensors, generate and transmit a command to control the propulsion system based on the operational data and the historical operational data, and update the historical operational data based on the operational data. The operational data may include characteristics associated with one or more of an operator of the vehicle or an operating environment of the vehicle. The systems and methods may optimize the performance of the utility vehicle for particular environments and conditions in which the utility vehicle is being operated and increase operator satisfaction.
id-WO2019098067A1    abstract-It provides a drivable electric vehicle using an electric generator that generates electricity based on hydrogen without increasing the size of the hydrogen tank. The electric vehicle (1) has the first tank (11a) for storing the organic hydride, and the first passage with the first catalyst for promoting the dehydrogenation reaction of the organic hydride supplied from the first tank (11a), and the organic ha supplied to the first passage. A dehydrogenation reactor (30), which separates the ide into hydrogen and aromatic compounds, an electric power generator (51), which generates electricity based on the hydrogen supplied by the dehydrogenation reactor (30), and an electric storage system for storing the electricity generated by the electric power generator (51). A device (52) and an motor (53) that drives and rotates the wheel (55) based on power from the power generator (51) and/or power from the storage device (52).
id-US11142078B2    abstract-Electric drive system of a hybrid or electric vehicle comprising at least a first and a second battery pack, said first battery pack being formed by a first plurality of equal cells, wherein a cell of said first plurality of cells identifies a first predetermined C-rate coefficient (power/capacity) and said second battery pack being formed by a second plurality of equal cells, wherein a cell of said first plurality of cells identifies a second predetermined C-rate coefficient (power/capacity) higher than said first predetermined coefficient, and wherein the drive system comprises at least a first and a second set of electromagnetic induction windings, respectively independently powered by said first and second battery pack by means of relative first and second inverter.
id-US10780784B2    abstract-A method for executing regenerative braking of a mild hybrid system may include performing, when a brake is operated while a vehicle having the mild hybrid system is traveling, regenerative braking only in a state in which a wheel torque is greater than a clutch load torque by a threshold, thereby preventing occurrence of an abnormal engine-off state during regenerative braking.
id-WO2019092661A1    abstract-An electric propulsion motor (52) power-assisted bicycle is described. To improve the performance, the bicycle comprises a manually operable brake (20) to brake the bicycle, a position sensor (32) for detecting the, e.g. angular, position of the brake, and an electronic board (50) programmed to detect said position by the sensor and to control the power delivered by the electric motor as a function of said position.
id-US20190160946A1    abstract-An electrically driven vehicle comprises a battery configured by connecting a plurality of cells in series; and a motor configured to transmit electric power to and from the battery. When an abnormality occurs in a cell voltage detection system configured to detect cell voltages of the respective cells of the battery, the electrically driven vehicle prohibits regenerative control of the motor. The electrically driven vehicle determines whether the battery is being charged, based on an open circuit voltage of a block that is comprised of at least two or more cells among all the cells constituting the battery. The open circuit voltage of the block is calculated from a voltage of the block and a battery current flowing in the battery.
id-WO2019084680A1    abstract-A fuel cell power module powers an autonomous electric train. The fuel cell power module is located in one or more locomotives of the train. A locomotive may also have one or more of hydrogen storage, a traction motor, and a battery. The train also has a plurality of coaches each containing a traction motor, and optionally also a battery. The coaches do not have fuel cell power modules or other fuel based sources of energy. The traction motors in the coaches receive electrical power from the fuel cell power module in the locomotive. Energy is recovered by regenerative breaking in the coaches and stored in batteries in the coaches or the locomotive or both. The train can be operated independent of a catenary system.
