id-US10978763B2    abstract-An exemplary battery pack cover includes a polymer layer and a metallic layer grounded to a chassis of an electric vehicle. An exemplary method includes shielding battery cells of a battery pack against electromagnetic interference and thermal energy using a multilayer cover that is grounded to a chassis of an electrified vehicle.
id-US10071699B2    abstract-A vehicle includes a power control unit having at least one of an inverter and a converter, a drive motor that produces torque for running the vehicle when electric power is supplied from the power control unit to the drive motor, a vehicle body kept insulated from a road surface, a case main body in which the power control unit is housed, a member that is connected to the case main body where the member is insulated from the case main body, or in a condition in which electric resistance is large, and a static eliminator that neutralizes and eliminates positive charges on the member and lowers a positive potential of the member, by self-discharge for producing negative air ions in outside air according to the positive potential of the member that is electrostatically charged.
id-US10286805B2    abstract-The present invention relates to an energy storage module system and, more specifically, to a hybrid energy storage module system selectively using, according to the amount of power required in a load, a lithium battery and a lead storage battery by mutually supplementing the lithium battery and the lead storage battery. According to the present invention, the hybrid energy storage module system is an energy storage module system for supplying power necessary for the driving of a load and comprises an energy storage device, a first sensing unit and a second sensing unit, and a controller. The energy storage device includes at least one lithium battery module and at least one lead storage battery module. In addition, the energy storage device includes a switching network configured so as to connect the lithium battery module and the lead storage battery module in different arrangement modes. The energy storage device is connected to both ends of a load and supplies power. The switching network can include a path for connecting the lithium battery module and the lead storage battery module, and a plurality of switches provided on the path. The first sensing unit is configured so as to measure the temperature and the voltage of the lithium battery modules, and the second sensing unit is configured so as to measure the temperature and the voltage of the lead storage battery module. The controller controls the switching network in order to change the arrangement modes of the lithium battery module and the lead storage battery module of the energy storage device.
id-US9975449B2    abstract-A power convertor including an inverter driving a motor generator, a first DC/DC converter connected to a DC bus of the inverter, a second DC/DC converter varying voltage of the DC bus, and a control device controlling the inverter, the first DC/DC converter, and the second DC/DC converter. The power converter is a power conversion device setting voltage of the DC bus in a second control state higher than a voltage of the DC bus in a first control state by controlling the second DC/DC converter according to the control device. By setting the voltage of the DC bus of the inverter to a low voltage when it is not necessary, it is possible to reduce loss in the inverter and the step-down DC/DC converter, and to downsize the inverter and the step-down DC/DC converter.
id-US10266069B2    abstract-A control device for electric motor vehicle uses the motor as the traveling driving source. The control device for electric motor vehicle is configured to decelerate by the regenerative braking force from the motor. The control device for electric motor vehicle is configured to detect the amount of the accelerator operation, detect the motor rotation speed proportionate to the traveling speed of the electric motor vehicle, and calculate the motor rotation speed estimated value according to the state of the electric motor vehicle. Additionally, the control device for electric motor vehicle is configured to detect or estimate the resistance component unrelated to the gradient from the vehicle state and correct the motor rotation speed estimated value according to the resistance component. Further, the control device for electric motor vehicle is configured to calculate the feedback torque to stop the electric motor vehicle based on the motor rotation speed and calculate the feedforward torque to compensate the feedback torque based on the corrected motor rotation speed estimated value. The control device for electric motor vehicle is configured to calculate the motor torque command value and control the motor based on the calculated motor torque command value. When the amount of the accelerator operation is equal to or less than the predetermined value and the electric motor vehicle is just before the stop of the vehicle, the motor torque command value is converged to 0 based on the feedback torque and the feedforward torque together with the reduction in the traveling speed.
id-US10554117B2    abstract-The invention relates to an electric converter ( 30 ) for a substation feeding an electric grid and/or for recuperating the braking energy of rail vehicles traveling on a railroad track, the substation being connected to a feeder line able to supply a DC voltage to the rail vehicles traveling on the railroad track, the substation comprising an electricity distribution grid able to deliver a corresponding three-phase voltage with three phases, the converter ( 30 ) comprising a transformer ( 306 ) able to inspect the value of the three-phase voltage delivered by the electricity distribution grid, a filtering device ( 304 ) able to filter the three-phase voltage of the transformer ( 306 ), and an inverter ( 302 ) connected to the filter ( 304 ).
id-US20160214490A1    abstract-A vehicle including a powertrain having an electric machine, an engine, a traction battery, and a controller are provided. The controller may be programmed to, in response to a state of charge of the traction battery being less than a threshold while the traction battery is powering a device external to the vehicle, operate the powertrain to charge the traction battery at a rate based on an ambient temperature irrespective of an electric load requested by the device.
id-WO2016114032A1    abstract-In the automatic train operation device provided on the vehicle, when the speed control unit receives a notification from the external device that the vehicle is approaching the stop limit position and the maximum braking force of the regenerative brake when the speed of the vehicle is equal to the speed of the vehicle In the brake force characteristics that represent the relationship between the speed of reduction per unit time when deceleration control is performed, the braking force characteristics of regenerative brakes are reduced by exceeding the braking force characteristics reduction rate. When the vehicle is driving, the deceleration of the vehicle's speed is controlled by using the braking force only of the regenerative brake corresponding to the vehicle's speed based on the target speed pattern calculated by using the braking force characteristics of the regenerative brake.
id-WO2016119948A1    abstract-The invention relates to a procedure (2) for jointly operating an asymptotic machine. (1) The first asymptotic (2) and the second asymptotic (3) are used to propel the power vehicle (1); A trained flashback (4) engine that provides the same national timer voltage (5)(6) for the first asymptotic chronometer (2) and the second asymptotic chronometer (3). The Committee should include the steps taken to address the current driving situation of powered vehicles (1) through the announced Solon Cycle Patrol Festival (11); In the first progressive machine (2) a 7a rotation (2) and the second scene line (7b) rotation (3) investigate a progressive common operation strategy according to the predetermined rotation time (11) of the step-down automatic rotation time (11) and the progressive time (3). 7b); 9a9b) Asymptotic time machine (2) according to enterprise policy.
id-US10086818B2    abstract-A vehicle includes a motor-generator unit, an energy storage system, and a high-voltage load (such as an electric compressor and/or electric heater), all interconnected via a high-voltage bus. The motor-generator unit is configured to operate in a regenerative mode and a non-regenerative mode with respect to the high-voltage bus. A control module is configured to operate the load at a first power consumption level during the regenerative mode, and to operate the high-voltage load at a second power consumption level, less than the first power consumption level, during the non-regenerative mode.
id-US9815373B2    abstract-A hybrid vehicle includes an engine; a traction battery; and a controller or a vehicle control system having a controller. The controller is programmed to respond to a state of charge (SOC) of the traction battery. When the SOC is greater than a predicted SOC the controller is programmed to decrease a SOC threshold at which the engine is shut down to reduce the SOC. The SOC threshold is defined by a difference between a maximum SOC and an expected change in the SOC associated with predicted regenerative energy for a drive cycle.
id-US9694819B2    abstract-A vehicle is equipped with a rotational velocity acquisition unit that acquires a rotational velocity of a rotary electric machine that imparts a steering force or a steering additive force to a steering system. A drive control device controls a left and right driving force difference by a driving device on the basis of a rotational velocity of the rotary electric machine.
id-US20180034356A1    abstract-A variable ratio transmission comprising a rotor including one first set of coils; a second rotor containing first set of iron segments; a third rotor containing second and third set of coils; a fourth rotor containing second set of iron segments; a fifth rotor containing fourth set of coils; the first set of coils in magnetic communication with the first set of iron segments; the first set of iron segments in magnetic communication with the second set of coils; the first, second and third rotors forming a first set of magnetic gears; the third set of coils on the third rotor in magnetic communication with the second set of iron segments on the fourth rotor; the second set of iron segments in magnetic communication with the fourth set of coils; the third, fourth and fifth rotor forming a second set of magnetic gears coupled to the first set of magnetic gears.
id-US9533602B2    abstract-An electronic control device on a vehicle having a shift transmission operable by a driver includes: a battery; a motor generator; and a three-phase inverter executing an electricity conversion between the battery and the motor generator bi-directionally; a detector detecting a shift down operation; an obtaining device obtaining a negative torque corresponding to the shift down operation; a determination device determining whether the battery is chargeable; and a controller controlling the three-phase inverter to generate the negative torque at the motor generator. When the detector detects the shift down operation, and the determination device determines that the battery is not chargeable, the controller outputs a switching signal to all of three upper arms or all of three lower arms to turn on simultaneously, and outputs a shutdown signal to all of three upper arms or all of three lower arms with executing a PWM control of the shutdown signal.
id-JP5977855B1    abstract-[issue] determine the failure of the switch installed in the power supply unit of the vehicle. The open/close switch SW1, which switches between the conduction state of connecting motor generator 16 and li + battery 27, the disconnected state of separating motor generator 16 and lead battery 28, and the conduction state of connecting motor generator 16 and lead battery 28. The switch SW2 switches to the separated cut-off state, the first power line 29 connected to the positive terminal of the lithium-ion battery 27, the second power line 30 connected to the positive terminal of the lead battery 28, and the motor generator According to the control signal of switch SW1, control signal of switch SW2, current of first power line 29 and potential of first power line 29, the charging line 31 connected to the output terminal of cable 16 is connected to node 32 connected to each other. A fault determination section 53b is performed to determine the fault of at least one of the switch SW1 and SW2. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-US9796375B2    abstract-A control system for a hybrid vehicle configured to reduce frequency of establishing an engine braking force is provided. The control system is configured to operate a first motor as a motor to increase torque of an output member while halting the output shaft of the engine by a brake, and to increase the deceleration torque of the second motor, if a state of charge of the battery is higher than a predetermined threshold level when deceleration of the hybrid vehicle is demanded.
id-US11110802B2    abstract-A method for operating a regenerative braking system of a vehicle by activating at least one motor employable in generator mode taking into consideration a first information with regard to a requested setpoint total braking torque and a second information with regard to an available generator braking torque which is maximally executable by the at least one motor employable in generator mode, if the setpoint total braking torque exceeds a threshold value and/or a piece of warning information regarding a transition to a backup level that is potentially imminent or has occurred of the regenerative braking system, even if the setpoint total braking torque is less than or equal to the maximally executable available generator braking torque, sufficient brake fluid is transferred via at least one hydraulic actuator to a wheel brake cylinder of the regenerative braking system that an air gap of the particular wheel brake cylinder is closed.
id-US9586485B2    abstract-An exemplary electrified vehicle assembly includes a coolant circuit and a controller configured to selectively direct energy into at least one component of the coolant circuit to provide a negative wheel torque.
id-US9761065B2    abstract-A vehicle includes a regenerative braking system, which may include an electric machine, configured to provide regenerative braking torque to vehicle traction wheels. The vehicle further includes at least one controller configured to provide indicia for display to indicate performance of the regenerative braking system. The indicia represent a comparison of a braking profile that is recorded during a deceleration event and a calculated braking profile that is based on a detected forward object. In various embodiments, the indicia may include a numerical or letter grade representative of a similarity between the recorded braking profile and the calculated braking profile and/or a visual representation of the comparison of the recorded braking profile and the calculated braking profile.
id-EP3069918A1    abstract-The invention was propelled by thrusters inside power thrusters, one of which was the first vehicle that could possibly feed electrical energy back into the cockpit while braking; A combination that has Energieversorgungsnetzes Fahrleitung one opens an optimal Schutzeinrichtung Leistungsschalters believed that if the flying car brakes back into the moat electrical energy flows in the Energieversorgungsnetz, thus making the first car suitable for Fahrzeuginformationen first Schutzeinrichtung's delivery and Schutze Based on the first data of the driver, you can detect how the power system is responding. In addition, the invention is a method of braking push based on the instructions of design and design.
id-US20160264077A1    abstract-A system for optimizing energy efficiency in an electrified vehicle includes an HVAC system configured to provide climate control for at least one of (i) a cabin of the electrified vehicle and (ii) a battery system of the electrified vehicle; a regenerative braking system configured to convert the electrified vehicle's kinetic energy into electrical energy; and a controller configured to, based on a vehicle torque request, control a distribution of the electrical energy generated by the regenerative braking system between (i) recharging a battery system of the electrified vehicle and (ii) powering the HVAC system. A method for controlling the HVAC system includes determining, at the controller of the electrified vehicle, the vehicle torque request, and based on the vehicle torque request, controlling, by the controller, the distribution of electrical energy generated by a regenerative braking system between (i) recharging the battery system and (ii) powering the HVAC system.
id-US10577087B2    abstract-An electric hydraulic motor system for aircraft having at least a taxing and takeoff mode. While in the taxiing and takeoff mode, a battery and optionally other sources of energy stored within the aircraft together provide energy to drive an electric motor, which in turn drives a hydraulic pump creating hydraulic pressure within the aircraft hydraulic system. The increase in hydraulic pressure within the system actuates a hydraulic motor connected to the aircraft wheels, thereby providing rotation to the wheels of the aircraft, moving the aircraft forward.
id-WO2016139648A1    abstract-The electric motorcycle (M) comprises a support frame, a rear wheel (RW), a front wheel (FW), an electric propulsion motor (E), an electronic control unit (2) for driving the electric motor (E) and a wheel anti-lock system (1) operatively connected to the control unit (2), the system (1) having detection means (18) of a slippage condition (SLP) of at least one of the wheels (RW, FW) and limiting means (19) operatively connected to the detecting means (18), able to receive at input at least a maximum regeneration torque value (RTMAX) of the electric motor (E) of the electric motorcycle (M) and able to limit the maximum regeneration torque (RTMAX) in case of detection of the slippage condition (SLP), wherein the system (1) comprises verification means (20) of the friction conditions of the wheels (RW, FW) on the road surface, in order to verify the presence or not of a high friction condition (HIGH MU) or a low friction condition (LOW MU), wherein the limiting means (19) are operatively connected to the verification means (20) and, in case of detection of the slippage condition (SLP), are able to limit the maximum regeneration torque (RTMAX) according to the high friction (HIGH MU) or low friction (LOW MU) condition, and wherein the verification means (20) of the friction conditions comprise: a first detection unit (35) able to detect the high friction condition (HIGH MU) according to at least an acceleration value (AV ACC), a pressure value (PI) of a front brake of the electric motorcycle (M) and an instantaneous torque value (T IN) of the electric motor (E); a second detection unit (36) able to detect the low friction condition (LOW MU) according to at least a pressure value (PI) of a front brake of the electric motorcycle (M) and an instantaneous torque value (T IN) of the electric motor (E)-
id-US20180097456A1    abstract-A circuit and a method operate an electrical machine connected to at least three phases of a power supply network through a frequency converter that has a DC link. By a synchronous inverter that is actuated by a DC chopper and has two bridge halves switching the positive and the negative half-waves respectively, the energy generated by the machine is fed back into the power supply network. Accordingly, the synchronous inverter has an asymmetrical configuration such that, to switch the potential tapped from the DC link by the DC chopper, switching is carried out by a first bridge half that is formed from thyristors as electronic switches, and such that the second bridge half contains reverse-blocking electronic switches able to be switched off.
id-US10245972B2    abstract-A through the road (TTR) hybridization strategy is proposed to facilitate introduction of hybrid electric vehicle technology in a significant portion of current and expected trucking fleets. In some cases, the technologies can be retrofitted onto an existing vehicle (e.g., a trailer, a tractor-trailer configuration, etc.). In some cases, the technologies can be built into new vehicles. In some cases, one vehicle may be built or retrofitted to operate in tandem with another and provide the hybridization benefits contemplated herein. By supplementing motive forces delivered through a primary drivetrain and fuel-fed engine with supplemental torque delivered at one or more electrically-powered drive axles, improvements in overall fuel efficiency and performance may be delivered, typically without significant redesign of existing components and systems that have been proven in the trucking industry.
id-US10118505B2    abstract-A power control system may include at least one of batteries, a motor, and a data logic analyzer that can interpret certain variable conditions of a transport, such as a tractor trailer, moving along a road or highway. The data can be used to determine when to apply supplemental power to the wheels of a trailer to reduce fuel usage. One example device may include at least one of: a power creation module that generates electrical power, a battery which store the electrical power, a motor affixed to a trailer axle of a trailer which provides a turning force to the trailer axle when enabled to operate from the stored electrical power of the battery, and a motor controller configured to initiate the motor to operate according to a predefined sensor condition.
id-US11072253B2    abstract-The disclosure relates to a power circuit for power supply in an electrically driven vehicle. The power circuit includes a direct voltage connection, an electrical traction drive, and a DC/AC converter. The converter includes an alternating voltage side connected to the traction drive. A DC/DC converter of the power circuit includes two converter sides. The first converter side is connected to a direct voltage side of the DC/AC converter via a coupling point. The direct voltage connection is likewise connected to the coupling point. The disclosure further relates to a stationary energy supply system designed to be complementary and to connect to the power circuit.
id-US9783262B2    abstract-A lightweight, compact electric drive unit provides high reduction ratios for a bicycle, light electric vehicle or autonomous device. A cycloid gear reducer includes one or more cycloid gears within a housing. The cycloid gears interact with gear teeth on the inside surface of the housing, and ride on a cam shaft having eccentric lobes. Output pins extend through apertures in the cycloid gears, from an input carrier to an output carrier. An electric motor powers the cam shaft, while the output carrier powers a drive train.
id-US10744888B2    abstract-A through the road (TTR) hybridization strategy is proposed to facilitate introduction of hybrid electric vehicle technology in a significant portion of current and expected trucking fleets. In some cases, the technologies can be retrofitted onto an existing vehicle (e.g., a trailer, a tractor-trailer configuration, etc.). In some cases, the technologies can be built into new vehicles. In some cases, one vehicle may be built or retrofitted to operate in tandem with another and provide the hybridization benefits contemplated herein. By supplementing motive forces delivered through a primary drivetrain and fuel-fed engine with supplemental torque delivered at one or more electrically-powered drive axles, improvements in overall fuel efficiency and performance may be delivered, typically without significant redesign of existing components and systems that have been proven in the trucking industry.
id-US20160315521A1    abstract-Manual drive energy is input into a transport device of one embodiment by linearly reciprocating a first drive member that couples by way of a ratchet mechanism (or other mechanical motion rectifier means) and a mechanical motion amplifier means to one or more faster spinning flywheel masses. The one or more flywheel masses are formed in part by a combination electric motor/generator and it has rechargeable electric batteries distributively provided about a flywheel mass portion thereof. Tapered roller bearings having ferromagnetic material are interposed between the one or more flywheel masses and/or between one of the flywheels and a stationary frame of the transport device so as to repeatedly make and break closed magnetic flux conducting loops and thus provide at least one of an electric motoring and electricity generating function.
id-US20160311325A1    abstract-A hybrid/electric vehicle power management system in which an Inertial Storage and Recovery System (INSTAR) utilizes an enhanced Flywheel Energy Storage (FES) system to reach higher vehicle efficiencies. INSTAR allows regenerative braking energy surges to be readily stored at high efficiency on the flywheel, whose energy is then converted to power for driving the motors, or charging the batteries at an efficient charging rate.
id-US9868364B2    abstract-An apparatus and a method of controlling creep driving of an electric vehicle are provided to improve driving convenience and fuel efficiency. The apparatus is applied to an electric vehicle to which a ‘one-foot drive’ mode is applied to execute the creep driving and actively determine whether the creep driving is provided based on a vehicle speed.
id-US20160318402A1    abstract-A retarder brake system of a vehicle combination including an agricultural tractor and an electrically driven trailer includes a drive train with a combustion engine, a vehicle transmission downstream from the combustion engine, a mechanical drive axle of the agricultural tractor connected to a first gear output of the transmission, a first electrical motor generator unit coupled to a second gear output, and an electrical drive axle of the trailer. The electrical drive axle is driven by means of a second electrical motor generator unit. The generator units are electrically connected with one another via a direct current link. In a retarder operation, the second electrical motor unit is operated with a generator and the first electrical generator unit is operated with a motor. At least part of the gross retarder output requested on the electrical drive axle is dissipatively destroyed as a power loss within the drive train.
id-US9702718B2    abstract-A hybrid vehicle includes one or more processors, a memory, an engine, a battery, and a motor. The motor is configured to utilize electrical energy stored in the battery for powering a movement of the wheels or an operation of the hybrid vehicle. A memory stores route data and corresponding vehicle operation data. The one or more processors predict, based on the route data, that the hybrid vehicle will travel on a second route after travelling on a first route. The one or more processors predict, based on the vehicle operation data, that the state of charge (SOC) of the battery will reach or exceed a threshold value during the second route. The one or more processors set a target SOC for the battery. The one or more processors discharge the electrical energy stored in the battery during the first route based on the target SOC value.
id-US20160336624A1    abstract-An automotive battery system includes: a first battery pack including a plurality of first battery cells connected in series; and a second battery pack connected in parallel with the first battery pack. The second battery pack includes: n second battery cells connected in series; n voltage sensitive switching devices each connected to a corresponding second battery cell of the n second battery cells; and n balancing resistors each connected in parallel to the corresponding second battery cell through the n voltage sensitive switching devices. Each of the voltage sensitive switching devices is turned on when the corresponding second battery cell of the n second battery cells has a cell voltage higher than a reference voltage.
id-US20170328959A1    abstract-A vehicle system includes a high voltage battery and at least one control module configured to monitor the high voltage battery and command a visual warning in response to a disconnect event of the high voltage battery. The visual warning may be produced by a hazard light.
id-US10053184B2    abstract-A bicycle motor control system, configured to control a drive motor that is provided on a bicycle, comprises a controller configured to control a drive motor that is configured to selectively output driving force in accordance with a manual drive force, and cause the drive motor to stop when a detected manual drive force, sensed by a manual drive force sensor, falls below a predetermined force threshold value, which is set in accordance with a crank angle of a crankshaft.
id-US9481252B1    abstract-Systems and methods are disclosed for reducing engine fuel consumption during regenerative braking. According to certain embodiments, the regenerative braking system has an engine, a generator, a rectifier, a first inverter, a traction motor, and a reverse recovery unit. The generator is configured to be driven by the engine to produce AC electrical power. The rectifier is configured to receive AC electrical power from the generator and convert the AC power to DC power. The first inverter is configured to receive the DC power and convert the DC power to AC power. The traction motor is configured to be driven by the AC power in a traction mode, and to produce regenerated power when rotated in reverse in a regenerative braking mode. The reverse recovery unit has a second inverter and a filter. The second inverter is electrically connected in parallel with the rectifier and configured to communicate at least part of the regenerated power from the traction motor to the generator during the regenerative braking mode. The filter is electrically connected downstream of the second inverter and in parallel with the rectifier. The filter is configured to filter transient voltage generated by the second inverter during the regenerative braking mode.
id-US20150244290A1    abstract-The present disclosure is related to a method for regenerative braking of a machine. The machine includes an electric drive assembly. The electric drive assembly includes a generator, a motor and a direct current bus and a regenerative brake assembly disposed between them. The regenerative braking assembly includes an inverter. The method includes connecting a phase leg between the direct current bus and the inverter. The phase leg includes an inductor and an electric switch. The phase leg boosts the regenerative voltage. The boosted regenerative voltage is then fed back to control a braking torque from the motor and directed back to the generator.
id-US10272913B2    abstract-A method for recovering energy during braking of a vehicle is provided. The vehicle has at least one rotatable ground engaging member, a generator operatively connected to the at least one rotatable ground engaging member, and at least one energy storage device coupled to the generator. The method has the steps of: determining a speed of the vehicle; determining a desired slip of the at least one rotatable ground engaging member based at least in part on the speed of the vehicle; and applying a braking torque to the at least one rotatable ground engaging member using the generator based at least in part on the desired slip. A regenerative braking system for a vehicle and a vehicle having such a system are also disclosed.
id-US20160363935A1    abstract-Vehicles, including autonomous vehicles, which receive external data from sources other than the sensors on the vehicles, analyze such external data and alter the driving behaviors of the vehicles based on the external data are disclosed. External data may be gathered from other vehicles, news feeds, social networking posts or may comprise data about previously observed behaviors of other vehicles or drivers. Such external data may include locations of and/or information regarding other vehicles, traffic signs and or signal lights, on or off ramps, road hazards, road conditions, traffic conditions, vehicular or pedestrian congestion, etc. In other aspects, systems for adjusting vehicle settings based on driver preferred settings are disclosed.
id-US10583744B2    abstract-A braking system for a rail vehicle includes a target value generator for the target value of the overall braking power, a controller for determining at least one manipulated variable value on the basis of the target value and at least one actuator which transmits the manipulated variable value to the at least one braking device. The system at least approximately determines acceleration components of the rail vehicle and determines the actual value of the total braking power from the acceleration components while taking the vehicle speed and the vehicle mass into consideration. The controller is designed to control the manipulated variable value such as to reduce the control deviation between the target value and the determined actual value.
id-US20160378707A1    abstract-A networking apparatus couples a plurality of vehicle nodes to improve bandwidth, security, and subsystem independence. The networking apparatus couples a plurality of thin client units to a single virtualized master control unit container host. Each thin client unit transforms CAN protocol messages to encrypted packets for a real time Ethernet interconnect. Vehicle subsystem modules connect via a personalized thin client unit which will filter, correct, and authenticate messages at the periphery of the networking apparatus. Between thin client units, the host encrypts and decrypts a message, directs the message to the proper recipient, authenticates each message, and centrally provides the functionality of a plurality of electronic control units. The virtualized master control unit container host may be updated over the air and perform installation and validation checks of a new version of one or more electronic control unit images while the vehicle is in operation using a previous version.
id-US20160375778A1    abstract-A power net system of a fuel cell vehicle is provided. The power net system includes a fuel cell and a first switching unit that is configured to form and block an electrical connection between an output terminal of the fuel cell and a main bus. A load device diverges and is connected between the output terminal and the first switching unit. A reverse current blocking unit is disposed between the output terminal of the fuel cell and a node from which the load device diverges and is configured to block a current flow to the output terminal of the fuel cell. A second switching unit is configured to form and block an electrical connection between the output terminal of the fuel cell and the load device. A controller operates the first and second switching units to form the electrical connection between the main bus and the load device.
id-US9321355B1    abstract-A method of operating an electric vehicle may include determining an angle of inclination of the electric vehicle, and selecting rates of regenerative braking corresponding to multiple brake pedal positions based on the determined angle of inclination.
id-US9676280B2    abstract-A system for managing braking torque in a machine uses a first braking system, a second braking system that is independent of the first braking system and a controller that monitors activity in both braking systems. The controller selectively reduces torque in the first braking system as torque in the second braking system increases to limit undesired effects of possible over-braking.
id-US20170225589A1    abstract-A software-defined powertrain transmits commands to at least 4 distributed polyphase motor controllers. A single vehicle control unit transforms operator control indicia into a plurality of individual commands, and securely transmits said commands to each one of a plurality of independent motor controllers mechanically coupled to a single wheel by a polyphase electric motor. The motor controllers are DC to variable AC electrical converters which each receives phase and magnitude requirements. A mixed criticality operating system provides an encrypted application-programming interface to operate functions such as torque vectoring, cooling, braking, and battery management. The OS provides an isolated trust zone to each of a plurality of cores for authentication and validation.
id-US20160362005A1    abstract-The primary objective of the invention aims to capture electrical energy now lost as heat energy during dynamic braking of locomotive for reuse during upgrades and transfer to other locations with electrical energy demands.
id-US9969271B2    abstract-A control apparatus for a hybrid vehicle including an internal combustion engine, a motor, and a storage battery and configured to charge the storage battery with electric power generated as a result of regenerative braking and electric power generated by using output of the engine. When a planned travel route of the vehicle includes a downhill section, the control apparatus executes a downhill control which decreases the remaining capacity of the storage battery before the vehicle enters the downhill section. In addition, when the downhill section includes a congestion section and the total distance of the congestion section is greater than a predetermined threshold, the control apparatus does not execute the downhill control.
id-US10106143B2    abstract-A control apparatus that is applied to a vehicle includes a control unit. The control unit is configured to, when the vehicle is traveling on a specific traffic congestion section at a time when the vehicle has reached a downhill control start point or a traffic congestion control start point, not start any of a downhill control and a traffic congestion control. After the vehicle travels on the specific traffic congestion section, the downhill control or the traffic congestion control is started only when an effect of improvement in fuel consumption resulting from the downhill control or the traffic congestion control is expected.
id-US20170015397A1    abstract-An electric propulsion system for use in marine applications. The system comprises rechargeable battery cells, AC or DC electric motors for propulsion, control units to manage the flow of energy between the battery cells and the motor, a water cooling loop that pumps water through heat exchangers then out of the watercraft for thermal management. Closed cooling loops may be employed to thermally manage the motor, batteries, controllers, inverters, charging apparatus and other components by running through coolant through the cooling loops to properly chill or heat the coolant fluid. The unit is charged through shore based power, solar and other sources, including the possibility of power sources through hull or hanging turbines to generate mechanical energy from the flow of water as the watercraft is propelled. The whole system is controlled by a vehicle control unit and a battery management system.
id-US10173536B2    abstract-An electricity converter for controlling an output of the fuel cell, a battery for storing electricity of the fuel cell, and a load device that operates by electricity of at least one of the fuel cell or the battery are included. Further provided is a controller that calculates current chargeable electricity of the battery, load device electricity currently consumed by the load device and current generable electricity of the fuel cell, and decreases the output of the fuel cell by the electricity converter when the generable electricity is equal-to or more-than a combined value of the chargeable electricity and the load device electricity.
id-US10195945B2    abstract-A control device is provided for an electric vehicle that generates a braking force corresponding to an opening degree of an accelerator pedal to decelerate the electric vehicle. The control device for the electric vehicle includes a motor configured to generate a driving force or a regenerative braking force of the electric vehicle, a friction braking unit configured to generate a friction braking force, and a controller configured to control at least one of the motor and the friction braking unit corresponding to the opening degree of the accelerator pedal. The controller determines whether all of regenerative electric power generated by the motor is consumed in the electric vehicle when the motor is caused to perform a regenerative braking. The controller causes the motor to perform the regenerative braking when the regenerative electric power is determined to be consumed in the electric vehicle.
id-WO2017013059A1    abstract-Propeller drive (20) A type of drive, especially for aircraft, consisting of a propeller drive (100) and a propeller (30 and 50), which is not subjected to pressure. This airplane (10) is a power engine (20).
id-US10953756B2    abstract-An exemplary braking method includes monitoring for an upcoming deceleration of an electrified vehicle, permitting an amount of regenerative braking if the upcoming deceleration is detected, and reducing the amount of regenerative braking if the upcoming deceleration is not detected.
id-JP2017028905A    abstract-[challenges] make it possible to change the amount of regeneration appropriately according to the situation of the vehicle. [solution] motor control unit 4, which drives motor generator 3 connected to the driving wheel 2 of the vehicle to generate electric power and perform regenerative braking when the vehicle decelerates, and paddle for increasing or decreasing the regenerative amount Tr of motor generator 3 The regenerative control device 1 of the vehicle is equipped with switch 12 and the main control unit 20, which continuously increases or decreases the regenerative amount Tr according to the operation of increase or decrease operation of paddle switch 12. The main control unit 20 is the regenerative control device of the vehicle. Its characteristics are that the regenerative change speed Ru accompanying the operation of increasing regenerative amount Tr through UP switch 13 of paddle switch 12 is set to be larger than the regenerative change speed Rd accompanying the operation of reducing regenerative amount Tr through DOWN switch 14. I do. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20170028835A1    abstract-A vehicle configured to operate independently from fossil fuel power sources. The vehicle includes a battery, a solar cell, and an electric motor operably connected to the internal combustion engine. The vehicle includes multiple supplemental power sources, including wheel induction generators and the inertial generators, configured to recapture of the portion expended to operate the vehicle, reducing the amount of electrical energy required to be generated by the solar cell. Each of the induction generators includes an induction coil and a plurality of magnets positioned about each of the hubs of the wheels. Rotation of the plurality of magnets about the induction coil from when the vehicle is in motion generates an electrical current in the induction coil. The inertial generators can be directly connected to the electric motor or in electrical communication with the battery.
id-EP3321117A1    abstract-An arrangement structure of a wheel drive system comprising a tire wheel and a drive unit for driving the tire wheel, wherein the tire wheel includes a brake part arranged to a hollow space of the tire wheel, the drive unit includes a motor and an inverter for driving the motor, the inverter includes a power module for supplying power to the motor and a bus bar for supplying power supplied from outside the tire wheel to the power module, and the bus bar is arranged to the brake part side than the power module.
id-WO2017017855A1    abstract-It is a vehicle information management device 11 that can control the auxiliary equipment group 14 with multiple auxiliary equipment installed on train 1 for the purpose of efficient use of regenerative power while reducing the maximum power consumption in the train formation. The judgment unit 110, which receives the position information including the absolute position information of train 1, the judgment information including the kilometers information and the judgment result information including the status information of the auxiliary machine group 14 and USES the judgment result information to generate the auxiliary machine control instruction to the auxiliary machine group 14. The auxiliary machine control command generation unit 113, which receives the result information and generates and sends the auxiliary machine control command, recommends the operation of the auxiliary machine group 14 at the point immediately before the beginning of regenerative power generation when the operation of the auxiliary machine group 14 is suppressed. Generate instructions to move forward and to suppress the operation of auxiliary machine group 14 just before regenerative power generation is expected to stop.
id-US20210086652A1    abstract-Systems, apparatuses, and methods disclosed herein include managing, by a controller, a state of charge of a battery of a hybrid vehicle at a particular location at a particular time based on a determined potential propulsion power for the vehicle; responsive to determining a downhill grade at the particular location, determining, by the controller, an amount of braking energy available during traversal of the downhill grade; and discharging, by the controller, the battery to direct energy to at least one of a generator or an electrified accessory of the hybrid vehicle before the downhill grade to enable reception of at least a portion of the determined amount of braking energy available.
id-US20180237001A1    abstract-A vehicle stability control system includes a signal collection sensor and a vehicle controller (10). The signal collection sensor is configured to collect a vehicle condition information parameter, and the vehicle controller (10) is configured to calculate a control yaw moment according to the vehicle condition information parameter. The control yaw moment is used to cancel a difference between an estimated yaw moment and an actual yaw moment. The vehicle controller (10) is further configured to determine according to the vehicle condition information parameter whether the vehicle (100) is in a stable region or a non-stable region in the case of tire blow-out, and allocate the control yaw moment to four wheels (101) according to a vehicle stability condition, thus implementing vehicle stability control. A vehicle stability control method and a vehicle (100) with the vehicle stability control system are also disclosed.
id-US10246080B2    abstract-An electric vehicle control apparatus includes a first motor generator, a second motor generator, a booster, and a controller. The booster boosts an input voltage to the first motor generator and an output voltage from the second motor generator to expand an operable range of the first motor generator and an operable range of the second motor generator into a first expanded operable range and a second expanded operable range, respectively. The controller controls the first motor generator to drive a load with regenerative power supplied during braking of an electric vehicle and to control the first motor generator to be driven at a first inefficient operating point within the first expanded operable range and to control the second motor generator to be driven at a second inefficient operating point within the second expanded operable range in a case where the regenerative power is used.
id-US10384669B2    abstract-An apparatus for controlling a vehicle having a motor is provided and includes a driving information sensor that senses driving information of the vehicle including an open value of an APS, an open value of a BPS, a driving wheel speed, a non-driving wheel speed, external temperature, battery temperature, a vehicle speed, and a shift stage. A driving motor generates a driving force and is operated as a power generator when the vehicle coasts to generate electric energy. An ABS that adjusts a braking force applied to a driving wheel. A controller changes a coast regeneration torque subject to regenerative braking by the driving motor when the vehicle is coasting, based on a difference between a driving wheel speed and a non-driving wheel speed, correction temperature determined based on the external temperature and the battery temperature, a friction coefficient of a road, and an operation condition of the ABS.
id-US10543818B2    abstract-The embodiments of the present application disclose a stability control system and a stability control method for a four-wheel drive electric vehicle and the four-wheel drive electric vehicle. In the stability control system, when the lateral acceleration is equal to or greater than an acceleration threshold, at least one of a first braking force signal, a second braking force signal, a first logic signal and a second logic signal is obtained. When the first logic signal is obtained, the body of the electric vehicle is controlled to keep stable. When the first braking force signal and the second logic signal are obtained, a motor is controlled to apply braking force to an outside front wheel. When the second braking force signal and the second logic signal are obtained, motors are controlled to apply braking force to the outside front wheel and an inside rear wheel.
id-US10106039B2    abstract-A regeneration control device of an electrically driven vehicle configured to control regeneration operation in which rotational energy of wheels is converted and regenerated into electric energy by a rotary electric motor, includes: a regeneration level selecting unit manually operated to select a regeneration level in the regeneration operation; a regeneration level setting unit changing the regeneration level to a stage in accordance with the operation on the regeneration level selecting unit; and a regeneration executing unit executing the regeneration operation in accordance with the stage of the regeneration level changed by the regeneration level setting unit. When a specific operation is performed on the regeneration level selecting unit, the regeneration level setting unit changes the regeneration level to a highest stage in one of an up direction and a down direction.
id-US9956959B2    abstract-A method for controlling a deceleration device of a motor vehicle, wherein a control apparatus receives a request signal from a vehicle component for vehicle deceleration. Protection against mistriggering of the deceleration device is provided. Also provided is an integrity level of the vehicle component to be ascertained, a time profile for a deceleration performance of the deceleration device obtained during a braking process to be ascertained, for different times, a respective current minimum integrity level that is at least necessary for the time profile ascertained hitherto to be ascertained, and performance limiting to be performed for the request signal if the current minimum integrity level is higher than the integrity level of the vehicle component.
id-US10023071B2    abstract-Embodiments of the present invention provide a train control method for maximizing utilization of regenerative energy. The method mainly comprises: working out a matching error ΔT of a current matched pair of trains Mx (i, j) of a station in the current running situation; and comparing the matching error ΔT with a preset maximum adjustable error ΔTx of the current matched pair of trains Mx (i, j) of the station and determining a strategy for adjusting train running of the current matched pair of trains Mx (i, j) according to comparison results.
id-US20170036548A1    abstract-A MG-ECU includes, as a regeneration limiting value, a limited value set according to a state of a battery, and an unlimited value enabling generation of braking force greater than the limited value. In a state in which regenerative braking is being limited, the MG-ECU causes frictional braking force to be generated based on a difference between the unlimited value and the drive force demand of a driver. In cases in which the frictional braking force is also limited in a state of the regenerative braking, the MG-ECU switches the regeneration limiting value from the limited value to the unlimited value, and requests a motor-generator to generate regenerative braking based on the limited value.
id-US9400034B1    abstract-A product may include a differential unit that may be engaged with first and second axle shafts that may be driven from a common gear. An electrical machine may be positioned on a first side of the differential unit. A first shaft may extend from the electrical machine and into the differential unit. A power transfer unit may be positioned on a second side of the differential unit opposite the first side. A second shaft may extend into each of the differential unit and the power transfer unit. The first and second shafts may be rotationally engageable through the power transfer unit.
id-US20190217708A1    abstract-A method of regenerative braking includes providing an electric motor including at least one stator and a rotor, a speed of the rotor, a motor controller that regulates a current level in the stator winding, a power inverter which controls an energy flow to the stator terminal, and an energy storage system (ESS) which exchanges energy with the motor. A battery management circuit is between the power inverter and the ESS, and a processor has an associated memory storing a regenerative braking (RB) algorithm. The RB algorithm during braking causes the motor controller to execute determining an RB torque value from the rotor speed that maximizes regenerative braking current, and the power inverter is used to redirect the RB current to maximize a power transfer from the motor to the ESS.
id-JPWO2017033328A1    abstract-Based on the first signal, which is the information of the direction of the current flow, the first ac power is converted to a second ac power that can be used under load. When determining whether to generate and output the second signal, the second signal is generated and the second signal is generated; The PWM signal generation unit 23 also includes a PWM signal generation unit 23, which generates a control signal and outputs the control signal to the power conversion circuit to be driven when the power conversion circuit is converted to a second alternating current.
id-US20170050700A1    abstract-A dual power electric assist hub wheel wherein two power source outputs are combined into a compact planetary gear set with precisely located one-way bearings in a specific configuration which provides:         A first mode, direct drive pedaling   A second mode, motor powered alone with throttle activation   A third mode, dual power drive with variable speed output hub wheel and hand throttle control   A fourth mode, motor and/or pedaling regenerative braking manually activated.
id-US10184534B2    abstract-A frictionless electromagnetic braking system utilizes linear alternators which are controlled by a power electronics converter interface to capture the car's kinetic energy and generate braking force on the wheel. The alternators are engaged by driver or operator input.
id-US10046645B2    abstract-An ECU (Electronic Control Unit) controls a converter such that the converter is stopped when a fail signal FCV is output. The ECU further controls an inverter such that power operation and regenerative operation by a motor generator are performed in a state in which output of an ON signal to an IGBT (Insulated Gate Bipolar Transistor) element is set non-executable, when the fail signal FCV is output due to the IGBT element becoming short-circuited.
id-WO2017025909A3    abstract-The present subject matter relates to a two or multiple wheeler EV or EHV having one or more rechargeable energy storage banks. Each of the power bank is connected to a drive motor and charging generator and regenerative system with one or more flexible braided conductive cable. Certain modules like IBMS+IMS+BM&CS are connected through a Snap Connector mounted normally below the flooring of the vehicle on the chassis. The power banks are generally designed to slide in or slide out with the help of a special mechanism.
id-US9758153B2    abstract-A control apparatus for a hybrid vehicle including an internal combustion engine, a motor, and a storage battery and which charges the storage battery with electric power generated as a result of regenerative braking and electric power generated by using an output of the engine. When a planned travel route includes a downhill section whose height difference is greater than a predetermined height difference threshold, the controller executes a downhill control operation that decreases the target remaining capacity of the storage battery. The controller increases the height difference threshold as the estimated average speed of the vehicle during travel in the downhill section increases, to thereby restrain the execution of the downhill control for a downhill section in which an increase in the remaining capacity is not expected due to a large air resistance acting on the vehicle.
id-US10046642B2    abstract-A control method of a dual clutch transmission for a hybrid electric vehicle includes: determining, by a transmission controller, whether a vehicle has entered a power-off down-shift state; determining, by the transmission controller, whether a transmission including a first input shaft, a second input shaft, and an output shaft has entered a torque phase, when the first determining step determines that the vehicle has entered the power-off down-shift state; calculating a compensatory torque for compensating for a change in a regenerative braking force according to a change of a gear ratio in accordance with a completion percentage of the torque phase, when it is determined that a transmission has entered the torque phase; and compensating for regenerative torque of a motor by applying the compensatory torque.
id-US9873350B2    abstract-A includes a battery, an electric machine, an electrically powered cooling system, and a controller. The electric machine is configured to charge the battery with current generated from regenerative braking. The electrically powered cooling system is configured to cool the battery. The controller is programmed to, in response to a temperature of the battery being greater than a threshold, direct at least a portion of the current generated from regenerative braking to the cooling system.
id-WO2017058660A1    abstract-A vehicle having wheels for riding the vehicle over a carrier such as a road or rails, said vehicle having a battery and a generator connected thereto, said generator being arranged to generate electrical power for charging said battery, said generator being further mechanically connected to at least one of said wheels such that said wheel drives the rotor of said generator, characterized in that said generator is an asynchronous generator or a permanent magnet generator, wherein an AC/DC inverter/charger is connected between said generator and said battery for regulating the current and the voltage of the charging power to said battery.
id-US10324114B2    abstract-Adjustment of drive control based on a detection voltage of a transformer requires a loop time, and therefore high-speed processing of the adjustment is difficult. A semiconductor integrated circuit device includes a driving circuit that drives a power semiconductor device and a driving capability control circuit that controls a driving capability of the driving circuit. The driving circuit stops driving of the power semiconductor device based on an abnormal current detected from a sense current of the power semiconductor device. The driving capability control circuit controls the driving capability of the driving circuit based on a normal current detected from the sense current of the power semiconductor device.
id-JPWO2017056541A1    abstract-Electric vehicles consist of an electric motor, a battery that supplies power to the motor, a drive wheel that transmits the drive power of the motor, a clutch mechanism that switches between connecting and disconnecting the drive power transmission path from the motor to the drive wheel, and a steering hand. It consists of a clutch operator attached to the steering wheel, which drives the clutch mechanism in response to the occupant's actions, and a controller that switches between two control modes in response to the connection or disconnection of the clutch mechanism. This makes it easier to adjust the rotation speed of the electric motor when the clutch mechanism is disconnected.
id-JP2017070078A    abstract-[challenges] to provide the optimal drive for cooling systems equipped with multiple electric storage devices with different caloric values. [solution] the drive device is a drive part that outputs the power of the electric vehicle driven by the power obtained from at least one of the first and second electric accumulators, which generate less heat from charging and discharging compared to the first electric accumulator, and the first and second electric accumulators, which generate less heat from charging and discharging. The unit is equipped with a control unit that controls the temperature of the first and second electric storage units by means of refrigerant flowing inside the electric vehicle. The first and second electric storage batteries are placed inside the electric vehicle so that the first and second electric storage batteries are cooled by refrigerant. Select diagram: figure 3
id-US20170087993A1    abstract-A regenerative braking system and method are disclosed. According to certain embodiments, the regenerative braking system is engaged and adjusted when the navigation system recognizes that the vehicle is descending down a long grade. This can be pre-stored information, or information derived from prior experience or from the shared experiences of other drivers. The regenerative braking system does not engage to the full stop of the vehicle, but instead can release at approximately three mph and allows friction braking to handle the rest of the stop. The navigation system in this embodiment recognizes that a stop sign or other full-stop situation is present.
id-US20180264951A1    abstract-A vehicle having wheels for riding the vehicle over a carrier such as a road or rails, said vehicle having a battery and a generator connected thereto, said generator being arranged to generate electrical power for charging said battery, said generator being further mechanically connected to at least one of said wheels such that said wheel drives the rotor of said generator, characterized in that said generator is an asynchronous generator or a permanent magnet generator, wherein an AC/DC inverter/charger is connected between said generator and said battery for regulating the current and the voltage of the charging power to said battery.
id-JP2017070117A    abstract-[issue] we provide a regenerative brake control device that improves drivability by improving operability when adjusting the regenerative amount in order to obtain the desired regenerative braking force. The regenerative brake control device 30 is mounted on the vehicle to obtain regenerative braking force by controlling the motor driving the wheel to the regeneration rate corresponding to the selected regeneration stage. Multiple regeneration stage and regeneration rate are set, and multiple regeneration stage and regeneration rate are set. When the selection part 20a and 20b are operated manually when selecting the predetermined regeneration level from the predetermined regeneration level, the regenerative brake control part 31 is controlled to automatically change the level from the predetermined regeneration level before the selection part is operated. Selection diagram: figure 5
id-US20180222500A1    abstract-The present invention concerns a method and system for reducing the electric power consumption of a railway system comprising at least one catenary, trains and at least one substation connected to sections of catenary and providing electric power to the catenary, wherein during the braking of the trains, the braking trains provide electric power to the catenary. The substation is associated to one device for reducing the electric power consumption and the invention:         detects the presence of a braking train in one of the section connected to the substation,   interrupts the electric power provided by the substation to the catenary if the presence of the braking train is detected,   detects the absence of braking trains in each section connected to the substation,   means for enabling the electric power to be provided by the substation to the catenary if the absence of braking trains is detected.
id-US20180273020A1    abstract-This disclosure relates to a method for operating a start-stop system of a motor vehicle. The method include cutting off a drive motor when the speed of the motor vehicle falls below a speed threshold. The speed threshold is determined depending on at least one piece of environment-related information.
id-US10305410B2    abstract-In a control method for a fuel cell system, a fuel cell side converter that is provided between a fuel cell and an inverter is controlled to step up a fuel cell voltage to an inverter terminal voltage supplied to the inverter. A margin voltage is set to guarantee step-up operation or interruption of operation of the fuel cell side converter. A directly connected state or a voltage transforming state regarding an operation state of an energy storage device side converter is selected such that the inverter terminal voltage is higher than a sum of the margin voltage and the fuel cell voltage. The energy storage device side converter does not transform the energy storage device voltage in the directly connected state. The energy storage device side converter transforms the energy storage device voltage to the inverter terminal voltage in the voltage transforming state.
id-EP3351442A1    abstract-Provided is a regenerative coordination brake control device that reduces the frequency of switching regenerative braking between a restricted state, in which regenerative braking is prohibited or suppressed, and a restriction removed state, in which the restriction on regenerative braking is removed. A regenerative coordination brake control device 91 includes a regeneration restriction condition determiner 92, which outputs a regeneration restriction signal S1 when determining that a restriction condition for prohibiting or suppressing regenerative braking is met, an acceleration operation detector 93, which outputs a regeneration restriction removal signal S2 when detecting an acceleration of the vehicle, and a regeneration restriction removal determiner 94, which determines whether a restriction on regenerative braking of the vehicle that is in the restricted state is to be continuously imposed or removed using the regeneration restriction removal signal S2 and the regeneration restriction signal S1. To determine whether regenerative braking in the restricted state of due to the regeneration restriction signal S1 is to be released from the restriction, the regeneration restriction removal determiner 94 determines that the restriction on regenerative braking is to be continuously imposed even without an output of the regeneration restriction signal S1, and the regeneration restriction removal determiner 94 determines that the restriction on regenerative braking is to be removed on condition that the regeneration restriction removal signal S2 is output.
id-US10166855B2    abstract-A method of calculating an engine torque request value for a vehicle includes a vehicle controller receiving an regeneration torque request value corresponding to a regeneration torque to be generated by an energy recovery mechanism. The vehicle controller further receives a desired acceleration value, and calculates the engine torque request value based on the regeneration torque request value and the desired acceleration value. The vehicle controller may then operate the engine in accordance with the engine torque request value.
id-US9873420B2    abstract-A method of controlling a vehicle includes calculating a desired deceleration limited regeneration torque request based on a requested deceleration input from a driver. If current dynamic operating conditions of the vehicle are in a performance region that permits an increase to the regeneration torque request, the desired deceleration limited regeneration torque request is increased based on a regeneration torque overhead, to define a modified axle regeneration torque request. Modified torque values are output based on the modified axle regeneration torque request. If the torque control values will cause an estimated yaw rate that is less than a target yaw rate, then the modified torque values are applied. Otherwise, the modified torque values are re-defined until the estimated yaw rate is not greater than the target yaw rate, and the re-defined values of the modified torque values are applied.
id-US20170072941A1    abstract-A method of determining a regeneration schedule for a vehicle having an internal combustion engine, an electric machine, and a plurality of yaw rate actuators. The method includes determining an allowable yaw rate change based on dynamic conditions of the hybrid vehicle, a combined mitigation potential of the yaw rate actuators, and a regeneration torque command that causes an actual yaw rate change. Determining the regeneration torque command includes comparing the allowable yaw rate change to the combined mitigation potential. If the combined mitigation potential is less than the allowable yaw rate change, the regeneration torque command causes or limits the actual yaw rate change to be lower than the allowable yaw rate change. If the combined mitigation potential is greater than the allowable yaw rate change, the regeneration torque command causes or limits the actual yaw rate change to be substantially equal to the allowable yaw rate change.
id-EP3144175A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a method for controlling an electric vehicle (1), in particular a railway vehicle, having a three phase electric machine (7) for accelerating and/or decelerating the vehicle, the three phase electric machine includes a stator and a rotor, the method comprising the following steps: determining a current (I1) of a first phase of the three phase electric machine, determining a current (I2) of a second phase of the three phase electric machine, determining the angular position (p) of the rotor, and determining an estimated torque of the three phase electric machine based on the current of the first phase, the current of the second phase and the angular position of the rotor, controlling the electric vehicle based on the estimated torque..
id-US20170120892A1    abstract-A vehicle control apparatus of the invention is applied to a hybrid vehicle. The apparatus executes an enlarged regeneration control for applying an increased regeneration braking force larger than a normal regeneration braking force to at least one vehicle wheel when a position where it is predicted that a deceleration of the hybrid vehicle ends is set as a target deceleration end position and the acceleration operation amount is zero. The apparatus executes a downslope prediction control when determining that a downslope zone exists on a scheduled traveling route of the hybrid vehicle in order to decrease a battery charge amount. The apparatus forbids an execution of the enlarged regeneration control when both a condition for executing the downslope prediction control and a condition for executing the enlarged regeneration control are satisfied.
id-US10688871B2    abstract-A regenerative braking control apparatus equipped on an electrically driven vehicle having road wheels and an electric motor for driving the road wheels for running. An operation unit is provided for the driver of the vehicle to select a magnitude of the braking force to be generated by the electric motor during regenerative braking. A determination unit determines, on the basis of conditions of the electrically driven vehicle, whether or not a selected braking force selected through the operation unit is acceptable. A notifier unit is constructed such that, in a case where the selected braking force is determined to be unacceptable by the determination unit, the notifier unit provides a corresponding notification to the driver.
id-US10457534B2    abstract-A heavy-duty lift truck designed as a mast-based apparatus comprising a mast, a load accepting means is mounted on the mast in such a way that it can be raised and lowered, and the heavy-duty lift truck is designed at least for a load capacity of 8 tons, with the heavy-duty lift truck comprising a powertrain with a travel drive that comprises an electric drive unit whereby the heavy-duty lift truck has greater energy efficiency.
id-US10029689B2    abstract-A control apparatus applied to a hybrid vehicle of the invention executes a regeneration control for charging a battery with electricity generated by a motor generator while applying regeneration braking force to the vehicle from the motor generator. The apparatus executes an enlarged regeneration control for charging the battery with the electricity generated by the motor generator while applying increased regeneration braking force to the vehicle from the motor generator when a target deceleration end position is set. The apparatus executes a control for controlling a vehicle speed to a speed equal to or smaller than an upper limit speed when a control execution request is generated. The apparatus forbids the enlarged regeneration control when the control execution request is generated and the vehicle speed is equal to or larger than a threshold vehicle speed smaller than the upper limit speed.
id-WO2017063832A1    abstract-The following characteristics reflect the vehicle apron information: at least one spare plasma (WA); Have at least one generator (GA); - At least one is used to provide at least one half-bridge connection equipped with a plurality of solid solid collector (hib) and a plurality of solid solid circuit breakers (HSBC 2). And at least one Strompfad(representative), one power socket (Saturday) of at least one Gleichstromaggregats(letter) and one power socket (AS) of at least one positivspannungsseitigen (HS1) is electrically connected to at least one Halbbrucke (HB) of at least one negativspannungsseitigen Halbleiterschalter (HS2).
id-WO2017060444A1    abstract-The invention relates to an arrangement comprising a direct current, DC, traction power network (1) adapted for supplying electrical energy to a rail system (4), a transformer (14), and an energy recuperation device (3) adapted for returning surplus electrical energy of the DC traction power network (1) into an AC traction network (5) and/or an energy storage system (6) adapted for storing surplus electrical energy of the DC traction power network (1) and for feeding back the stored electrical energy into the DC traction power network (1), whereby the transformer (14) is electrically connected in series between the DC traction power network (1) and the energy recuperation device (3) and/or the energy storage system (6), and/or, comprising the energy recuperation device (3) electrically connected in series between the DC traction power network (1) and the transformer (14).
id-US20160031323A1    abstract-The present disclosure is related to a method to control a contactor tip assembly associated with a grid of an electric drive system is provided. The contactor tip assembly includes at least one first contactor tip and at least one second contactor tip. The method includes introducing a delay signal associated with an operation of at least one of the first contactor tip and the second contactor tip. Further, the operation includes a closing event and an opening event thereof. The method also includes controlling the operation of the first and second contactor tips in an alternate manner. Further, a delay is present between a sequential operation of one of the first and second contactor tips and the other of the first and second contactor tips based, at least in part, on the introduced delay signal.
id-US10076960B2    abstract-Systems, methods, and devices are described with respect to storing energy in an electric vehicle. At least one coil winding located in a wheel assembly is provided, where the wheel assembly includes a tire and a rim. At least one charge storage device located in the wheel assembly is provided. At least one electrical storage unit located within the electric vehicle is provided, where an induced charge resulting from the at least one winding passing through an electromagnetic field is stored in the at least one charge storage device and transferred to the at least one electrical storage unit via the rim of the wheel assembly. Moreover, a charging capacity for the at least one charge storage device may change to cause the electric vehicle to slow.
id-US20180312078A1    abstract-A controller for a motor vehicle powertrain, the controller being configured to control the amount of torque generated by each of a plurality of drive torque sources in order to generate a net torque corresponding to a predetermined torque demand value, the predetermined torque demand value being determined at least in part by reference to a torque demand signal received by the controller, each drive torque source being coupled via a respective torque transfer arrangement to a respective group of one or more wheels, the controller being configured to cause at least one drive torque source to generate positive or negative torque in dependence on the predetermined torque demand value and to cause the drive torque source to undergo a torque reversal operation in which the direction of torque generated by the at least one drive torque sources changes from one direction to the other, the controller being configured wherein, during a torque reversal operation, the controller limits the rate of change of torque generated by the at least one of the plurality of drive torque sources as the amount of torque generated passes through zero and attempts to compensate for the reduction in rate of change of torque by a corresponding change in the amount of torque generated by one or more other of the plurality of drive torque sources.
id-US10946764B2    abstract-A controller is applied to a vehicle including an engine ( 11 ) and a motor generator ( 12  and  13 ) as power sources of the vehicle and a battery ( 20 ) that transfers power with the motor generator. The controller charges the battery with a regeneration power that is a power regenerated by the motor generator when the vehicle is decelerated. The controller includes a SOC prediction unit ( 39, 50  and  205 ) to predict a SOC indicating a remaining capacity of the battery in a scheduled travel route of the vehicle, based on a predicted result of a road grade and a vehicle speed in the scheduled travel route, a discharge control unit ( 39, 52, 206, 208  and  301  to  303 ) to execute a discharge increasing control to previously increase a discharge quantity of the battery to prevent the battery from becoming in a saturation state based on a predicted SOC that is the SOC predicted by the SOC prediction unit, when the discharge control unit determines that the battery becomes in the saturation state where the battery cannot be charged with the regeneration power based on the predicted SOC, a determination unit ( 39  and  105  to  109 ) to determine whether a behavior of the predicted SOC shifts from a behavior of an actual SOC or determine whether a SOC shift factor occurs, after a start of the discharge increasing control, where the SOC shift factor is a vehicle control or an environment change that predicts the behavior of the predicted SOC shifts from the behavior of the actual SOC, and a correction unit ( 39, 110, 201  to  209  and  301  to  303 ) to correct the discharge increasing control by executing a prediction of the SOC in the scheduled travel route again, when the determination unit determines that the behavior of the predicted SOC shifts from the behavior of the actual SOC or determines that the SOC shift factor occurs.
id-US10507735B2    abstract-A power supply system includes first and second energy storages, a power transmission circuit, and circuitry. The circuitry configured to control the power transmission circuit to supply power from at least one of the first energy storage and the second energy storage to an electric load when a first remaining capacity value is larger than a first threshold value. The circuitry configured to control the power transmission circuit to supply power from the first energy storage or both of the first energy storage and the second energy storage to the electric load when the first remaining capacity value is smaller than the first threshold value. The circuitry configured to control the power transmission circuit to stop supplying power from the first energy storage to the electric load when the first remaining capacity value is smaller than a second threshold value which is smaller than the first threshold value.
id-US10625717B2    abstract-A brake control device includes a mechanical brake output determination unit configured to determine the stage number of a braking force on the basis of a target deceleration of a moving body from one or a plurality of braking force stages output from a mechanical brake included in the moving body, a mechanical braking force estimation unit configured to estimate braking force of the mechanical brake corresponding to the stage number determined by the mechanical brake output determination unit, and a regenerative brake control unit configured to output a regenerative brake command value such that a regenerative brake included in the moving body outputs a braking force corresponding to a difference between target braking force based on the target deceleration and the braking force estimated by the mechanical braking force estimation unit.
id-US10179557B2    abstract-Multi-voltage on-board electrical system of a motor vehicle, comprising at least three flat cables extending substantially in parallel with one another in the longitudinal direction thereof, and at least two voltage sources, wherein a first of the flat cables is connected in an electrically conductive manner to a first pole of a first of the voltage sources, a second of the flat cables is connected in an electrically conductive manner to a first pole of a second of the voltage sources, and a third of the flat cables arranged between the first and the second flat cable is connected in an electrically conductive manner to a second pole of the first and/or second voltage source.
id-US11056980B2    abstract-A power converter ( 10 ) for operating a first electric machine ( 12 ) and a second electric machine ( 14 ), comprising:      a first converter element ( 16 ), a second converter element ( 18 ) and a first terminal connection ( 21 ), a second terminal connection ( 22 ) and a third terminal connection ( 23 ) for connecting the power converter ( 10 ) to a three-phase energy supply ( 60 ), wherein the first converter element ( 16 ) comprises a first rectifier circuit ( 31 ) and a second rectifier circuit ( 32 ), the second converter element ( 18 ) comprises a third rectifier circuit ( 33 ), wherein the first rectifier circuit ( 31 ) has a first AC-side pole ( 51 ) and a second AC-side pole ( 52 ), the second rectifier circuit ( 32 ) has a third AC-side pole ( 53 ) and a fourth AC-side pole ( 54 ) and the third rectifier circuit ( 33 ) has a fifth AC-side pole ( 55 ) and a sixth AC-side pole ( 56 ), the first rectifier circuit ( 31 ) and the second rectifier circuit ( 32 ) are connected in parallel on the DC-voltage side and are connected to a common first DC-voltage-side pole ( 41 ) and a common second DC-voltage-side pole ( 42 ), wherein the third rectifier circuit ( 33 ) is connected on the DC-voltage side to a third DC-voltage-side pole ( 43 ) and a fourth DC-voltage-side pole ( 44 ), wherein the first DC-voltage-side pole ( 41 ) is at least connectable to the third DC-voltage-side pole ( 43 ) by means of a first current path ( 36 ) and the second DC-voltage-side pole ( 42 ) is at least connectable to the fourth DC-voltage-side pole ( 44 ) by means of a second current path ( 37 ), wherein at least the first current path ( 36 ) or the second current path ( 37 ) comprises a semiconductor switch ( 64 ).
id-US11479124B2    abstract-A regenerative braking controller for an AC motor. To determine an electromagnetic torque for slowing or stopping the motor, the regenerative braking controller accesses a lookup table to retrieve a braking torque value corresponding to a current estimate of rotor velocity. The retrieved braking torque may correspond to a maximum or minimum torque level at which regenerative braking will occur at the current rotor velocity, or to a torque level at which charging current during regenerative braking will be maximized. If an external mechanical brake is present, the regenerative braking controller can forward an external braking torque signal to a controller so that the mechanical brake can apply the remainder of the braking force beyond that indicated by the regenerative braking torque. A method for establishing the braking torques to be stored in the lookup table is also disclosed.
id-WO2017084977A1    abstract-One aspect of the invention involves a way to modify the powertrain performance of a powered car, and at least one electric machine that can be used to drive it. The car should include brakes pressed by the driver to accelerate the vehicle. According to the relevant technology, the brake is found during a single load. During the load, the method is initially caused by the operation of the vehicle in charge mode and its voltage is lower compared to the setting of the subsequent switch. Used to detect when flying uphill the brakes are replaceable under control to enhance thermal insulation and after the propulsion is complete a large amount of spring reflection under the thrust produces a noticeable effect
id-JP2017099242A    abstract-[challenges] we provide a power supply system that can suppress the deterioration of storage devices with relatively high energy density among the two storage devices. In the control device of the power supply system, the sensitivity of changes in the output of the first power storage device corresponding to changes in the requested output of the electrical load becomes relatively low compared with changes in the output or input of the second power storage device corresponding to changes in the requested output. In this case, the processing of the power transmission circuit unit that controls the power supply corresponding to the requested output to supply the electrical load is performed when the requested output falls within the range between 0 and the predetermined A threshold (dt_th4, dt_th2). Selection diagram: figure 5
id-US20170120773A1    abstract-A battery system may include multiple battery cells having different chemistries. To achieve certain performance goals, voltage parameters for the battery system, such as cruising voltages and maximum voltages can be adjusted. These adjustments may, for example, direct charging currents to a lithium-ion battery to increase fuel economy or may direct charging currents away from a lithium-ion battery to increase its longevity. Methods for matching batteries having different chemistries based on their open circuit voltages are also discussed.
id-US20170151940A1    abstract-An ECU performs control processing including setting a recommended gear position when a manual shift change mode has been set, calculating an estimated value for regenerative electric power during off of an accelerator when a current gear position is equal to or higher than the recommended gear position, when the accelerator is on, and when a catalyst is being warmed up, and providing an up-shift representation when magnitude of the estimated value is greater than upper limit charging power Win and when the up-shift representation is not prohibited.
id-US10137787B2    abstract-A regenerative controller for an electric motor includes: a wheel rotation detection unit provided on a vehicle and detecting a rotation amount of a wheel that is driven via a crank rotated by human power; a crank rotation detection unit that detects a rotation amount of the crank; and a controller that calculates a first value based on the rotation amount of the wheel, a second value based on the rotation amount of the crank, and a control parameter based on at least the second value among the first value and the second value for regenerative control of a power storage device regeneratively charged by an electric motor that supplies driving power to the wheel, the controller controlling a regeneration amount of the electric motor in accordance with the control parameter.
id-US20170320484A1    abstract-Systems and methods for operating a transmission of a hybrid powertrain that includes a motor/generator are described. The systems and methods may classify transmission degradation in response to an estimated transmission input shaft speed that is determined from transmission output shaft speed. In one example, transmission degradation may be correctable transmission degradation, partial transmission degradation, and continuous transmission degradation.
id-JP2017094834A    abstract-[challenges] hybrid vehicles that improve fuel efficiency by increasing the amount of battery charge by reducing engine friction while the fuel injection is stopped and the motor generator is generating regenerative electricity. Provides a method of controlling the lobes. When the fuel injection of engine 10 is stopped and the motor generator 31 is generating electricity, the control device 80 opens the variable wing 64 of the variable wing turbocharger 57, and controls EGR valve 5 One or a combination of one or two of the open control 3 and the open control of the exhaust valve 48 in the compression stroke through the variable valve mechanism 65 are performed. Select diagram: figure 4
id-US20170137020A1    abstract-A driving force control system for a hybrid vehicle is provided to reduce a shock resulting from switching a travelling direction between the forward direction and the backward direction. The control system is applied to a hybrid vehicle in which an operating mode can be selected at least from a series mode and a series parallel mode. A travelling direction of the vehicle is switched by a shifting device between forward direction and backward direction. A controller is configured to maintain the previous operating mode after switching the travelling direction of the vehicle by the shifting device.
id-US20190202434A1    abstract-A vehicle control device includes an engine, and a motor that is driven by power to be supplied from a battery, the vehicle control device controlling a vehicle that uses at least one of engine output and motor output as a driving force. The vehicle control device includes a regeneration control and a downhill-acceleration control unit. The regeneration control unit causes the motor to perform regeneration on a downhill. The downhill-acceleration control unit performs downhill acceleration control for causing, in a specific zone on the downhill, the vehicle to travel at increased speed without allowing the vehicle to use the engine output as drive output, and without causing the motor to perform the regeneration.
id-US20170151890A1    abstract-A kit for retrofitting a golf cart having wheels driven by an electric motor. The kit includes a replacement motor controller for operating the electric motor. The replacement motor controller includes memory for storing motor operation limits corresponding to the golf cart. A driving parameter programmer is in communication with the replacement motor controller for selecting one or more driving parameters including: acceleration limit; speed limit; regenerative braking limit; and vehicle range. The replacement motor controller adjusts a motor control profile in real-time based on selection of the driving parameter, and the replacement motor controller maintains the motor control profile within the motor operation limits stored in the memory.
id-WO2017087038A1    abstract-A battery system may include a first battery module that outputs a first voltage and a first current, a second battery module configured to output a second voltage and second current, and a display that depicts visualizations. The battery system may include a processor that may receive an indication to monitor a selected battery module comprising the first battery module or the second battery module, receive properties to monitor regarding the selected battery module, receive data regarding the properties from sensor circuitry configured receive the data from one or more sensors associated with the selected battery module, and generate visualizations that correspond to the one or more properties. Each of the visualizations may indicate a current value that corresponds to each of the properties based on the data. The processor may then display the visualizations on the display.
id-US20170129343A1    abstract-The present Invention provides a device that is capable of charging an electric battery as the vehicle Is driven, thereby extending the mileage of an electric or hybrid vehicle. The device includes a gear assembly that Is built directly into the car rim. The assembly of gears are Installed to rotate with the rotation of the rim, whereby one smaller gear is further connected to a generator, which then provides electricity to the battery with the movement of the gear.
