id-US9381990B2    abstract-A power supply system for an electrical drive of a marine vessel is provided. The electrical drive includes an electric motor that is adapted to receive electric energy from a power source. The electrical drive has a first operating state in which electric energy is supplied by the power source to the electrical drive to operate the electrical drive and a second operating state in which the electric motor of the electrical drive is decelerated or braked, wherein the electrical drive generates electric energy in the second operating state. The power supply system comprises an electric energy storage device for storing generated electric energy.
id-US9669808B2    abstract-An engine ECU and a brake ECU of a vehicle control apparatus performs any one of a mechanical brake which converts a kinetic energy using rotation of a driving wheel rotation into thermal energy using friction and a regeneration brake which converts the kinetic energy of the driving wheel rotation into electric energy using regeneration, during a vehicle deceleration, after an engine brake changes a deceleration ratio which is a rotation number ratio of driving wheels with respect to the rotation number of an engine.
id-US8935031B2    abstract-A construction vehicle control apparatus is provided including: a motor generator control unit ( 160 ) which, when regenerative electrical power generated by a motor ( 7 ) during regenerative braking surpasses acceptable charging electrical power of a capacitor ( 3 ), drives a motor generator ( 5 ) using the surplus electrical power; an engine controller ( 2 ) which detects the rotating speed of an engine ( 1 ); a motor control unit ( 180 ) which, if the rotating speed of the engine becomes larger than a second set value while the motor generator is being driven by the surplus electrical power, reduces regenerative torque generated by the motor; and a brake control unit ( 190 ) which, if the rotating speed of the engine becomes larger than the second set value while the motor generator is being driven by the surplus electrical power, increases regenerative torque generated by a hydraulic brake ( 30 ).
id-US9221457B2    abstract-In a hybrid vehicle control apparatus, the hybrid vehicle including an engine is driven by a supply with fuel from a fuel tank; and a motor drives drive wheels of the vehicle by a supply of electric power at least from a battery, an interval of time required until a time at which the supply with fuel is to be carried out or at which a fuel quantity becomes zero, with the present time as a starting point, is estimated, an interval of time required until the time at which fuel is deteriorated, with the present time as the starting point, is estimated, and a switching to a fuel consumption promotion mode is carried out in a case where a timing at which the supply with fuel is to be carried out or at which the fuel quantity becomes zero is after the timing at which fuel is deteriorated.
id-US9527388B2    abstract-A regenerative control capable of realizing a comfortable operation, along with an efficient collection of a regenerative energy of a motor generator and an effective regenerative braking control. A regenerative control device for a motor generator generates a regenerative braking power for decelerating a motor vehicle at a time of collecting regenerative energy generated by driving of the motor vehicle. The arrangement includes a driving state detection unit for detecting a driving state and a deceleration level acquisition unit for acquiring a deceleration level. A braking force setting unit sets the regenerative braking force of the motor generator at a time of detection of a deceleration operation by the driving state detection unit. A braking force adjustment unit adjusts and suppresses the regenerative braking force set by the braking force setting unit, according to acquired deceleration level.
id-US8744659B2    abstract-A regeneration control device of a hybrid vehicle comprises a comparison unit for, when a regenerative torque generated in the electric motor is used as a braking force during deceleration of the vehicle using only the electric motor, comparing a preset target deceleration with an actual deceleration; and a control unit for, in a case where the result of comparison of the comparison unit indicates that a state in which the actual deceleration is equal to or lower than the target deceleration occurs in a predetermined pattern though the electric motor is generating the maximum regenerative torque, causing the vehicle to travel using both an engine and the electric motor in a cooperative manner during the next deceleration after the current deceleration has been finished, such that the engine braking and the regeneration torque are both used as a braking force.
id-US8587249B2    abstract-A power unit for an electric vehicle includes: a first power source connected between a first node and a second node; a first switch connected between the second node and a third node; a second power source connected between the third node and a fourth node; a second switch connected between the first node and the third node; and a DC-DC converter, wherein the DC-DC converter adjusts an electric potential of the first node by changing an electric potential of the second node by making the first node connectable to the third node, or, by making the second node connectable to the third node; an output electric power obtained from between the first node and the fourth node is supplied to an electric motor; and the first power source or the second power source is a fuel cell stack and an another is a secondary battery.
id-EP2666691A1    abstract-The present invention effectively uses engine output in a "regeneration" process when an automobile is stopped. The automobile includes a regeneration control unit for, when regenerating a post-treatment device (20) while a hybrid automobile (1) is stopped, performing a high-load operation of an engine (10) by operating an electric motor (13) as a generator by the engine (10). A memory of a hybrid ECU (18) retains a power generation map in which are recorded the rotational speed of the engine (10) and/or a power generating torque when regenerating the post-treatment device (20), which correspond to the amount of particulate accumulation of the post-treatment device (20). The regeneration control unit constitutes a regeneration control device for determining, on the basis of the power generation map, the rotational speed and/or the power generating torque of the engine (10) when the engine (10) operates the electric motor (13) as a generator, which are corresponding to the amount of particular accumulation of the post-treatment device (20), when regenerating the post-treatment device (20) while the hybrid automobile (1) is stopping.
id-JP2014502937A    abstract-The invention relates to a control device (10) for a vehicle's brake system, thereby providing at least one target amount of target braking pressure to be set in the first brake circuit (50) and a first frame The master brake linder may receive at least one provided actual amount of brake pressure arising in the key circuit (50) and/or elastic amount of the elasticity of the second brake circuit (52) of the brake system. The first error between at least one actual amount and at least one target amount and/or the elastic amount and the predetermined target amount of elastic The determination can be made after the second error is considered, so that the control signal (36) corresponding to the determined set can be output to at least one volume sending device (90). In addition, the invention relates to a method for operating a brake system of a vehicle. Select diagram: figure 4
id-WO2012098743A1    abstract-To make the optimal decision whether to disconnect or connect the motor shaft to the engine shaft during regeneration during deceleration. When the rotation shaft of the engine 10 and the rotation shaft of the electric motor 13 are connected to each other during the deceleration of the hybrid vehicle 1, the engine turns when the cargo loading capacity is changed to multiple stages for each of the multiple running patterns in advance and runs for a predetermined time The fuel efficiency improvement rate is calculated based on the calculation formula for calculating the fuel efficiency improvement rate from the rolling speed and the required torque, and the calculation formula for calculating the fuel efficiency improvement rate based on the engine rotation speed and the required torque when the hybrid vehicle 1 is decelerating and running for a predetermined time. It constitutes a hybrid ECU18 that controls regenerative power generation in the state of connecting the rotation axis of engine 10 and the rotation axis of motor 13 when the fuel efficiency improvement rate meets the predetermined conditions.
id-JP5001475B1    abstract-Reduce battery temperature rise while keeping the battery SOC from declining. When the temperature sensor 20 detects the temperature of battery 15 above or above the specified temperature, the engine 10 and the electric motor 13 are connected during regenerative power generation when slowing down. The hybrid ECU18 is controlled by the sea, which sets the specified temperature according to the number of gears when the hybrid vehicle 1 decelerates. Select diagram: figure 4
id-WO2012095595A3    abstract-Vehicle (2) comprising a plurality of sources (6,8,10) of electrical energy embedded and connected by a voltage bus (14), said vehicle further comprising means for voltage regulation of the bus (14), characterized in that the control means include at least one supercapacitor (10) connected to the voltage bus (14), said supercapacitor (10) being part of the plurality of sources.
id-US8989934B2    abstract-The present invention improves fuel efficiency of an engine that is the power source of an auxiliary machine. Configured is a regeneration control device that has a control means that, when a hybrid automobile is stopped, the accelerator is in a closed state, and the auxiliary machine is in an operating state, and when the indicated value for the amount of fuel injection of the engine is equal to or more than a predetermined threshold, or the indicated value exceed the threshold, causes a driving mode wherein the engine and an electric motor cooperate during deceleration after the hybrid automobile has started moving.
id-US10099560B2    abstract-A system for maintaining a selected speed of a vehicle is provided. The vehicle is powered in part by an electric motor and a battery. The electric motor is operable to drive in either a driving state or a charging state. In the charging state the polarity of the electric motor is modified so as to slow the vehicle down and supply power to the battery. A load bank is provided. The load bank is in electrical communication with the electric motor. The controller is further operable to direct power from the electric motor to the load bank when the electric motor is in the charging state.
id-US9160184B2    abstract-A conventional vehicular charging port (or inlet) is geometrically different from a power supply plug of general electrical equipment, and the power supply plug cannot directly be connected to the inlet. The present invention provides an adapter ( 800 ) including a first connection portion ( 801 ) that corresponds in geometry to an inlet ( 270 ) and a second connection portion ( 805 ) that corresponds in geometry to a power supply plug of electrical equipment ( 700 ) external to a vehicle. Furthermore, the adapter ( 800 ) includes a second control device ( 850 ) capable of outputting a signal to a first control device ( 170 ) of the vehicle. When the first connection portion ( 801 ) is connected to the inlet ( 270 ), the second control device ( 850 ) outputs a power supply instruction signal, which is indicative of an instruction to supply electric power, to the first control device ( 170 ) to cause the first control device ( 170 ) to control a power conversion device ( 160 ) of the vehicle to supply electric power from the power conversion device ( 160 ) to the electrical equipment ( 700 ). Thus the power supply plug of the electrical equipment ( 700 ) can be connected to the vehicle to supply electric power from the vehicle to the electrical equipment ( 700 ).
id-US9010468B2    abstract-A hybrid vehicle driving device including an engine drive system transmitting a drive force of an engine to a transmission through a one-way clutch and transmitting a drive force after shifting by the transmission to a rear wheel and a motor drive system transmitting a drive force of a motor to the rear wheel, the drive force of the motor of the motor drive system is joined to a point upstream the transmission and downstream the one-way clutch in the engine drive system. The transmission includes a twin clutch capable of shifting between neighboring shift gears by alternately switching the connection state of a clutch on one side and a clutch on the other side, and is automatically shifted to produce an optional rotational speed and motor torque at which the electric power generation efficiency becomes high at the time of regeneration control of the motor.
id-US9014897B2    abstract-A torque distribution apparatus acquires instructed torque input and a motor efficiency map; detects vehicular speed and drive wheel rotational speed; calculates based on the speeds, a relational expression of a slip rate at drive wheels and a friction coefficient; creates based on the relational expression, a performance curve expression that indicates torque-drive wheel rotational speed relations, superimposes the performance curve expression on the motor efficiency map, creates an efficiency variation expression that indicates for each vehicular speed, the torque and efficiency values of the motor efficiency map, and calculates torque that optimizes efficiency, from the efficiency variation expression; calculates within a range of the slip rate being 0 to 0.2 and based on the instructed torque and torque optimizing efficiency, a torque distribution value for each of the motors such that total efficiency ηtotal=Σ((Tn/T)×ηdn×ηλn) is maximized; and controls based on the calculated torque distribution values, torque distribution among motors.
id-US9077272B2    abstract-A slewing-type working machine includes: an electric storage device capable of being charged with regenerative electric power for regenerating slewing energy of an upper slewing body while functioning as an electric power source for an electric slewing motor; an electric storage device and electric storage device controller detecting whether the electric storage device is under a normal condition with sufficient capacity to regenerate the slewing energy or under an abnormal condition without sufficient capacity; and a controller controlling a velocity of the electric slewing motor based on a result of detection by the electric storage device and electric storage device controller, wherein the controller performs a velocity limiting control for limiting a maximum velocity of the electric slewing motor when the electric storage device is under the abnormal condition.
id-US20130307320A1    abstract-An object of the present invention is to remove adverse effects on an in-wheel motor driving apparatus due to the existence of moisture in the apparatus. There is provided an in-wheel motor driving apparatus in which a driving apparatus for generating driving force of a wheel having a wheel hub bearing section is provided in the wheel, the in-wheel motor driving apparatus, wherein a portion of the driving apparatus, except the wheel hub bearing section, is housed in a case having a sealed structure and thereby the inside of the driving apparatus is blocked from outside air, and air in the case is replaced with inert gas as required. As a result, dew condensation is prevented in the case, and adverse effects due to the existence of moisture in the case are removed.
id-US20120211291A1    abstract-An electric car system for use in transporting users from one location to another at speeds of up to 70 MPH. Electric car system comprises a frame, a steering system, a braking system, a suspension system, and a body. An electronic drive system controller is located near the operator's controls comprising a touch screen for selecting forward, reverse, and security movement lock position(s). The drive assembly comprises at least one accessory battery charged by an accessory alternator, at least one drive assembly battery charged by a drive assembly alternator, and an electric drive motor. The accessory battery powers car accessories and provides redundant electricity to the drive assembly battery when needed. The drive assembly battery provides power to the electric drive motor. The electric drive motor provides torque to two half shafts which couple to front axles and front rotatable wheels in front-wheel drive versions.
id-JP2012175764A    abstract-[challenges] the system helps to easily and accurately locate the receiving and feeding sides of non-contact charging, thereby reducing the burden on the driver. The rear camera 34 shooting the real image of the moving direction including the road surface, the electric vehicle 10 shooting the real image of the moving direction including the road surface, the real image set in the vehicle compartment and at least the real image taken by the rear camera 34, and the pseudo-image of the road surface direction under the vehicle floor including the receiving position The pseudo-image generation part that synthesizes the powered position image into the pseudo-image when the position of the transmitting antenna 18 configured on the road surface on the actual image displayed on the display screen of the display device 38 reaches the body end in the traveling direction. A tracking part that tracks the power supply position image according to the direction of travel on the video. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2012111083A1    abstract-The control unit (17) includes the basic target drive force calculation unit (17a), which calculates the basic target drive force based on the amount of accelerator operation and the vehicle speed; the regenerative drive calculation unit (17b), which calculates the regenerative drive force based on the amount of brake operation; and the basic target drive Driving force limiting device (17c), in which the force is limited by the first rate of change (alpha); regenerative power limiting device (17d), in which the regenerative power is limited by the second rate of change (beta); and the basic target driving force and regenerative power system, in which the driving force limiting device (17c) is limited. A target drive force calculation unit (17f) is provided, and the regenerative braking power limited by the limited unit (17d) is added to the target drive force generated from the motor (4, 5). This prevents shocks due to sudden changes in braking force and driving force, while ensuring responsiveness to the driver's braking and driving demands.
id-US20120212161A1    abstract-An electromechanical device includes a first drive member having a magnetic coil, a second drive member capable of moving relatively to the first drive member, and a control section adapted to drive the magnetic coil and to perform regeneration of energy from the magnetic coil when decelerating the second drive member, and the control section includes a first regeneration mode of setting a first regenerative interval centered on a zero crossing point of an induced voltage caused in the magnetic coil, and performing the regeneration.
id-US20120211286A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a hybrid variant automobile drive which improves a fuel efficiency of the automobile while retaining an acceleration profile of the automobile. In one embodiment, the present invention includes an engine, wheels, and/or a supplemental motor. The engine primarily drives the wheels, but can be aided by the supplemental motor. An amount of force supplied by the engine can be dependent on an amount of force supplied by the supplemental motor. The supplemental motor uses alternative energy sources aside from the fuel used by the engine to drive the wheels. The supplemental motor can be powered by a capacitor which is charged by an energy generation unit. The energy generation unit can generate energy using, for example, solar panels, a ram induction generator, a regenerative braking unit, and/or a heat exchange unit.
id-US20140058640A1    abstract-A control unit ( 17 ) includes a regenerative coordination control unit ( 17 D) and a vehicle speed calculation unit ( 17 E). The regenerative coordination control unit ( 17 D) performs a regeneration cooperative control to distribute the hydraulic braking force and the regenerative braking force. The vehicle speed calculation unit ( 17 E) calculates a vehicle speed. The control unit ( 17 ) calculates a basic target driving force based on: an amount of accelerator operation detected by an accelerator operation amount detecting unit ( 32 ), and the vehicle speed calculated by the vehicle speed calculation unit ( 17 E), and adds a value corresponding to the regenerative braking force distributed by the regenerative coordination control unit ( 17 D) to the basic target driving force, thus obtaining a target driving force to be generated by motors ( 4  and  5 ).      This reduces a creep driving force during vehicle running corresponding to a brake operation of a driver to reduce power consumption.
id-WO2012112145A1    abstract-A control interface for drivetrain braking provided by a regenerative brake and a nonregenerative brake is implemented using a combination of switches and graphic interface elements. The control interface comprises a control system for allocating drivetrain braking effort between the regenerative brake and the non-regenerative brake, a first operator actuated control for enabling operation of the drivetrain braking, and a second operator actuated control for selecting a target braking effort for drivetrain braking. A graphic display displays to an operator the selected target braking effort and can be used to further display actual braking effort achieved by drivetrain braking.
id-WO2012108001A1    abstract-The company provides a drive control device for front and rear wheel drive vehicles that can improve the stability of vehicle behavior during regenerative braking. The regenerative braking torque determination unit 132 sets the regenerative braking torque TGR of the second motor M2 to less than the non-torque transmission limit when the torque transmission limit of the control coupling device 54 is limited. In addition, if under the above torque transmission limit, the regenerative braking torque TGR of the second electric motor M2 is no different from the above non-torque transmission limit, then compared with the above non-torque transmission limit, the rear drive wheel 32 slips and the vehicle behavior is easy to become unstable. Therefore, the stability of the vehicle behavior during the regenerative braking of the vehicle 6 can be improved compared with the case where the regenerative braking torque TGR of the second motor M2 is generated without adding the torque transmission restriction of the control coupling device 54. In particular, such an effect is obvious, for example, in a low muon.
id-WO2012105022A1    abstract-In S10, if it is determined that the shift range is other than the R range (" NO "in S10), the ECU sets the system voltage for forward driving (S20). On the other hand, if it is determined in S10 that the shift range is in the R range (" YES "in S10), the ECU sets the system voltage for backward driving (S30). The system voltage for reverse driving is set so that the system voltage for forward driving is higher than that for the same amount of acceleration requirements for the vehicle.
id-EP2492132A3    abstract-In conventional techniques, it is necessary to use a storage element having a large capacitance such as a lithium-ion battery and there are the problems of reduction in capacitance and cost of the system. Using a capacitor as a storage element, a path of a current flowing in a direction in which the capacitor is discharged is provided by a charge/discharge device in addition to a path of a current flowing in a direction in which the capacitor is charged by a high speed-range electric braking function, whereby a current corresponding to a difference in potential between a regenerative current (current flowing in the direction in which the capacitor is charged) and a chopper current from the charge/discharge device (current flowing in the direction in which the capacitor is discharged) is made to flow in the capacitor 7.
id-WO2012108000A1    abstract-Cable (20) includes a power line 22 through which current flows, a low current line 23 with less current than a power line 22, and an insulation member 24 covering the power line 22 and a low current line 23. A rotating axis 34, on which the cable 20 is wound on the outer surface and can be rotationally arranged, and a supporting member 36, which is arranged on the rotating axis 34 and supports the cable 20 wound on the rotating axis 34, and the power line 22 is insulated. The low current line 23 is arranged next to the contact position of the member 24 and the supporting member 36, and the low current line 23 is arranged on the opposite side of the contact position of the power line 22.
id-US8521350B2    abstract-A control device for a vehicle includes: a charge control portion that adjusts an upper limit of charging power to a battery to prevent a negative electrode potential of the battery from dropping to a lithium reference potential, based on a charge/discharge history of the battery; a braking control portion that detects a sharing ratio between hydraulic braking force by a braking device and regenerative braking force for desired braking force according to a brake pedal depression amount so that a motor generator generates a regenerative braking force within a range of the adjusted upper limit of charging power; and a setting portion that variably sets, according to the hydraulic response rate detected by the detection portion, a degree of limitation of the upper limit when restricting charging current to the battery by restricting the upper limit.
id-US9614379B2    abstract-An adapter includes a signal generation unit. By connection between the adapter and a plug of a charging cable used when performing external charging with electric power from an external power supply, the signal generation unit supplies a signal instructing power feeding to a vehicle. In response to the signal instructing power feeding, the vehicle drives a power conversion device, thereby supplying electric power from the vehicle to an external electrical device through the charging cable.
id-US9126599B2    abstract-An electric vehicle including a plurality of motors for individually driving left and right drive wheels is provided with a motor abnormality detector for detecting the occurrence of an abnormality in each of the motors and one side abnormality response controller. The one side abnormality response controller controls, when an abnormality other than a motor stoppage is detected the motor in the wheel of either one of the left and right, which are arranged at the same forward or rearward position of the vehicle, by the motor abnormality detector, the motor for the other wheel to approach the same condition as that of the motor in which the abnormality has been detected.
id-US9296291B2    abstract-An electric vehicle having an in-wheel motor drive system including: a wheel bearing unit rotatably supporting a drive wheel; a motor unit; and a reducer unit interposed between the motor unit and the wheel bearing unit, a motor torque command value Tmr being calculated from: (i) an estimate ^Te of external force influence on the drive wheel, which is estimated from the motor torque command value Tmr and a rotational frequency ω1 of a driven wheel; and (ii) a correction value Tc which is calculated from a rotational frequency ω2 of the drive wheel, an accelerator signal Tr and the estimate ^Tc.
id-US9190831B2    abstract-A power supply system has a power storage device and an ECU, and supplies driving electric power to a load device. The power storage device includes an interrupting device configured to interrupt a conduction path of the power storage device. The load device includes a voltage sensor for detecting a voltage applied to the load device, and supply of electric power from the load device to the power storage device is stopped in response to a failure of the voltage sensor. Where the voltage sensor has failed, the ECU determines presence or absence of activation of the interrupting device, based on a variation length of an actual current that is input to or output from the power storage device and a variation length of a command current set in accordance with requested electric power requested based on a user's operation.
id-US9073449B2    abstract-An efficiency map generating apparatus ( 100 ) generates an efficiency map of motors (M) connected to drive wheels of a mobile body and includes an instructed torque detecting unit ( 111 ) that detects an instructed torque input for the multiple motors (M), a torque distributing unit ( 112 ) that distributes torque to each of the multiple motors (M) based on the instructed torque, a power consumption detecting unit ( 113 ) that detects power consumption of the motors (M), a rotation count detecting unit ( 103 ) that detects the rotation counts of the motors (M), and an efficiency map generating unit ( 114 ) that generates a motor efficiency map ( 115 ) based on the torque in multiple combinations, the power consumption, and the rotation counts, where the torque distributing unit ( 112 ) causes any of the multiple motors (M) to generate regenerative torque.
id-US20140009092A1    abstract-An equalizing apparatus that includes discharging circuitry and charging circuitry. The discharging circuitry includes a plurality of discharging sections corresponding to the plurality of battery cells in the plurality of battery cell groups. The charging circuitry includes a first coil, a switching device, a plurality of second coils, a plurality of switching devices, and a plurality of diodes. Each of the plurality of second coils, switching devices, and diodes corresponds to a battery cell group. The first coil and second coil form a transformer.
id-US9096224B2    abstract-The clutch control device for a hybrid vehicle comprises an engine, an automated manual transmission, a clutch device and a clutch actuator concluding an output rod and a master cylinder which generates a hydraulic pressure therein by closing an idle port in response to the stroke of the output rod, a slave cylinder in fluid communication with the master cylinder through a passage and controlling the clutch device to be in engagement state or disengagement state operated by the hydraulic pressure generated by the master cylinder and a clutch engagement state holding control portion for temporarily holding the clutch device to be in the engagement state by operating the master cylinder to close the idle port after the engagement state under the vehicle being running under a motor drive mode continued for a predetermined time.
id-US20130342156A1    abstract-A balance correcting circuit is prevented from moving charges from a low-voltage electricity storage cell to a high-voltage electricity storage cell in a electricity storage system. The balance correcting circuit includes an inductor, a first switching device, a second switching device, and a control signal generating unit that supplies a control signal to the first and second switching devices to turn on and off the first and second switching devices so that the first switching device and the second switching device are alternately turned on and off. The control signal generating unit stops generating the control signal when receiving a state transition signal indicating that the electricity storage system transitions to and temporarily stays in a charging state while the electricity storage system is operating.
id-WO2012137278A1    abstract-The vehicle (100) has a motor generator 130 for output driving force, a PCU 120 for driving the motor generator 130, and an ECU 300 for controlling the PCU 120. . The ECU (300) detects that the drive wheel of the vehicle (100) is over the road level. ECU (300) controls PCU (120) in response to the detection of the state of crossing the level difference, limiting the upper limit of the driving speed of the vehicle (100) to a value lower than that of the state of crossing the level difference.
id-WO2012130522A3    abstract-The invention is an Eisenbahnnetzwerk befahrende Schienenfahrzeuge explanation of the procedure behind the task to provide electrical energy - one that facilitates load fluctuations and helps guide, thus saving the corresponding hardware investment. The problem erfindungsgemass will pass through a program and system that provides electrical energy to one Eisenbahnnetzwerk befahrende The Schienenfahrzeuge solution is comprehensive :(a) Identify the current firefight in Schienenfahrzeuge and understand its Fahrparameter e.g. Speed Lastaufnahme loading and etc; (b) Identification of the carrying capacity and/or load distribution of the railway network; (c) Increase the speed of at least one Schienenfahrzeugs on the fahrplanmassig specified moves below the Lastoptimums located at Lastzustandes and/or Lastverteilung and/or down the speed of at least one Schienenfahrz eugs rekuperativen 24 has the power level of Lastoptimums located at Lastzustandes and/or Lastverteilung. In this way, the train can use the heavily used network governance unit, by increasing speed and/or as an energy source, by reducing speed, it can use the track itself to store energy. In addition to the additional expenditure to control the project, this option does not require additional investment in related hardware, as modern trains today usually have vortex driven actuators, and therefore need backup energy to drive the power supply.
id-WO2012128770A1    abstract-A vehicle has a electrical machine which functions as a generator during regenerative braking or as a traction motor. Traction batteries both receive power from and supply power to the electrical machine. The vehicle has brakes which supplement braking capacity of the machine. The power source for the brakes is pneumatic which operates as an accessory using a compressor motor. Power for the compressor motor comes from the batteries or from the electrical machine. The compressor motor can operate as a power sink allowing the machine to provide braking beyond capacity of the traction batteries to absorb power by allowing the pneumatic system to discharge air to atmosphere during braking. Controls allow operation of purge valve in response to moisture conditions in air tanks and operation of compressor to charge tanks in response to compressed air usage rates or pressure levels.
id-JPWO2012132435A1    abstract-To prevent damage to the elements due to electrical energy during regenerative power generation. In the vehicle power supply unit (100), the electric motor (108) converts the kinetic energy of the vehicle (10) into electric energy to generate regenerative regenerative power, and the inverter (103) USES dc to convert the ac electric energy output by the electric motor (108) Convert electricity into energy. The converted dc electrical energy is stored in the battery 106 via the first switch 105a, 105b and the second switch 107a and 107b. The control unit (109) switches the second switch (107a, 107b) on when the electrical energy may be stored in the battery due to the regenerative braking force generated by the electric motor (108).
id-JPWO2012120564A1    abstract-A secondary battery system equipped with a rechargeable battery charging control system can reduce the running cost of the entire vehicle system by controlling the deterioration of the secondary battery and extending the replacement period of the secondary battery while maintaining the effect of improving energy efficiency. Provide. A secondary battery, a vehicle equipped with a secondary battery, a position detection unit for detecting the position of the vehicle; A control device for charging the secondary battery from the current position of the vehicle to the scheduled passing position according to the current value calculated based on the scheduled electricity of the secondary battery and the time required from the current position of the vehicle to the scheduled passing position.
id-WO2012133705A1    abstract-The rotating body (3) is driven by the rotating motor (21). Mechanically connect a hydraulic motor (40) for rotating brakes to a rotating body (3) or an electric motor (21) for rotating brakes. The intake port and discharge port of the rotary brake hydraulic motor 40 are cut off, so that the rotary brake hydraulic motor 40 cannot rotate, and the brake is applied to the rotary body 3.
id-EP2692587A1    abstract-A risk-degree setting unit (108) sets the degree of risk for the case where an inverter (103) performs conversion processing (inverter risk degree), and sets the degree of risk for the case where a storage battery (105) stores electrical energy (storage battery risk degree). A final output destination determination unit (109), based on the degrees of risk set by the risk-degree setting unit (108), determines the final output destination of electrical energy output from an electric motor (106), and controls the turning ON or OFF of a relay (110). The final output destination determination unit (109) turns the relay (110) ON when the storage battery (105) is determined as the final output destination of the electrical energy output from the electric motor (106), and turns the relay (110) OFF when the inverter (103) is determined as the final output destination of the electrical energy output from the electric motor (106).
id-JPWO2012124107A1    abstract-The invention provides a vehicle having an obstacle detection device that can simultaneously improve the control accuracy of the electric motor and suppress the influence of noise on the sensor. Investigation of noise detection devices emitted by inverters 31 and 32, which are ac electric motors, inverters 2, which drive these motors, and detection devices such as ultrasonic sonar 1, which detect obstacles around the vehicle. The frequency determination device 6 is used to determine the possibility of interference to the frequency band, and the sonar ECU5 is used to change the carrier frequency of the inverter 2 when it is determined that there is possibility of interference.
id-WO2012128772A1    abstract-In a vehicle electrical system comprising an electrical power source, at least a first load for energization from the electrical power source and a resistive load which may be interposed between the electrical power source and the first load to prevent current inrush upon initialization, a cooling system for the resistive load is provided. Isolation contactors provide for the selective connection of the at least first load to the electrical power source in energization circuits, the electrical contactors allowing interposing and removing the resistive load from the energization circuit from particular energization circuits to suppress inrush currents. A cooling system provides for directing forced gas toward the resistive load during initialization of the first loads. An electrical system controller controls the electrical contactors and turns on and off means for directing the forced gas.
id-US8849538B2    abstract-A torque distribution apparatus includes an instructed torque acquiring unit that acquires input instructed torque, a determining unit that determines whether to perform power running control or regenerative braking, an efficiency map acquiring unit that based on a determination result, acquires a motor efficiency map, a vehicular speed detecting unit, a drive wheel rotational speed detecting, a slip rate calculating unit that calculates slip rate at drive wheels, a calculating unit that based on the slip rate, creates an efficiency variation expression that indicates efficiency values on a performance curve that indicates relations between drive wheel rotational speed and torque, a distributing unit that calculates based on the slip rate, the instructed torque, and the torque optimizing efficiency, torque distribution values such that overall efficiency during power running and during regeneration are maximized, and a control unit that controls torque distribution to the motors.
id-US9315112B2    abstract-During external charging, a charger converts AC electric power from an external power supply into electric power for charging a main battery. An AC/DC converter converts the AC electric power on the power line into auxiliary electric power. The charger is further capable of executing power conversion for converting output electric power of the main battery into AC electric power for output to the power line. While a vehicle is running, normally, the charger and the AC/DC converter are stopped, and the auxiliary electric power obtained by converting the output electric power of the main battery by a main DC/DC converter is output. At the time of regenerative braking of the vehicle, where charging of the main battery is prohibited or restricted, the charger and the AC/DC converter are further operated to intentionally increase loss power, thereby generating auxiliary electric power.
id-US8977465B2    abstract-Disclosed herein is a vehicle braking system and control method. The vehicle braking control method includes detecting velocities of respective wheels provided at a vehicle, calculating a vehicle velocity based on the velocities of the respective wheels, calculating slip amounts of the respective wheels by comparing the vehicle velocity and the velocities of the respective wheels, calculating change rates of the slip amounts of the respective wheels, obtaining regenerative braking force corresponding to one of the slip amounts and the slip change rates of the respective wheels, and controlling regenerative braking using the obtained regenerative braking force.
id-US9199626B2    abstract-A control device of a vehicle includes: an engine; a connection/disconnection device configured to connect/interrupt the engine; a rotating machine disposed to enable transmission of drive power to the wheels; and a running position selection device, the control device including a first manual mode selected by performing a deceleration increasing operation by a driver for increasing vehicle deceleration while the automatic running position is selected and a second manual mode selected by performing a deceleration increasing operation by a driver for increasing the vehicle deceleration while the manual running position is selected, while the vehicle is running with the engine interrupted from the wheels, if the first manual mode is selected, the vehicle deceleration being generated only by the rotating machine, and if the second manual mode is selected, the connection/disconnection device being put into the connected state to generate the vehicle deceleration at least by the engine.
id-US9203255B2    abstract-The present invention provides a control method for an electric vehicle, comprising the steps of: measuring a current voltage of a battery cell module and an external temperature immediately before or after a start of charging; determining whether or not charging has been completed by measuring a charging voltage of the battery cell module after charging during a predetermined time set according to at least one of the current voltages and the external temperature; and calculating a voltage variation on the basis of the current voltage and the charging voltage if it is determined that charging has been completed, and determining whether the battery cell module is normal or abnormal on the basis of the voltage variation and a set reference voltage variation.
id-US20120248868A1    abstract-In described embodiments, a battery car employed in conjunction with a battery car station employs a swappable battery configuration. Batteries are of differing types depending on provision of high current or high voltage, with each having a energy sensor. Access to the batteries of differing types is controlled through a switch control processor selectively coupling batteries to one or more power grids depending upon a given battery's sensed energy. Access to the batteries of differing types is based on demands of vehicle operation. Based on such configuration, a swappable battery car station in communication with the battery car might then selectively replace batteries as needed.
id-US9020731B2    abstract-A PI calculation unit of a rectangular-wave voltage control unit calculates a control deviation by performing a PI calculation on a torque deviation relative to a torque command value, and outputs a voltage phase of a rectangular-wave voltage in accordance with the control deviation. A rate-of-change limiter imposes a restriction on the rate of change of the voltage phase. Here, the rate-of-change limiter lessens the restriction on the rate of change of the voltage phase, when the rate of change of the rotational speed of an electric motor is larger than a predetermined value representing an abrupt change of the rotational speed of the electric motor.
id-US20120255798A1    abstract-An electric automobile includes an electric motor coupled to a first axle that propels the automobile in a desired direction. An alternator or generator is coupled to the second axle and includes an output that powers the electric motor or recharges a power source that powers the electric motor. A gearbox is arranged to harness the reciprocating motion of one of the axles and provide angular motion to the shaft of the generator or alternator.
id-US20140039754A1    abstract-A diagnosing device is provided for a vehicle having a flow passage for circulating a liquid medium for cooling an inverter of the vehicle, and a pump provided on the flow passage to circulate the liquid medium. The diagnosing device includes a temperature sensor for measuring a temperature related to a temperature of the liquid medium, and a calculating unit for calculating a concentration of the liquid medium. The calculating unit calculates a viscosity of the liquid medium based on a flow rate of the liquid medium flowing through the flow passage and performance of the pump, and when the calculation as to the viscosity of the liquid medium is executed with a plurality temperature conditions, the calculating unit calculates the concentration of the liquid medium based on a relationship between the plurality of temperature conditions and the corresponding viscosities of the liquid medium.
id-US20140021920A1    abstract-A first DC/DC converter ( 5 ) is of a constant voltage control type and is controlled so as to keep the voltage of an electric generation bus (A) at a predetermined target value. A second DC/DC converter ( 7 ) is of a constant current control type and is controlled so as to keep input current or output current at predetermined target current. A control circuit ( 8 ) determines an optimum target value Va* of electric generation bus voltage, based on different algorithms, in accordance with all or some of modes A to C which are classified by the charging/discharging condition of a second electric storage device ( 6 ), and controls the first DC/DC converter ( 5 ) so that the electric generation bus voltage Va becomes the determined target value Va*.
id-US20140032029A1    abstract-An electrically powered vehicle includes an electric motor for generating a vehicle driving force in accordance with an accelerator operation amount by a driver, and a notification unit for notifying the driver of information about accelerator operation by the driver in a mode which makes the driver sense the accelerator operation amount more easily in the case where a wheel is in contact with an obstacle than in the case where the wheel is not in contact with the obstacle.
id-JP2012225050A    abstract-[challenges] provide electric drive units for construction equipment that can extend the operating time. Solution: electric power generator 27, which transmits and receives power between power storage device 7 and power storage device 7, hydraulic pump 29 driven by electric power generator 27, and hydraulic pump 29 from multiple hydraulic actuators 13a, Multiple direction switching valves 32, 34, etc. that control the flow of pressure oil to etc. 19 respectively, and multiple operating devices 31 that operate multiple direction switching valves 32, 34, etc. Electric drive of electric mini excavator with 33, etc., multiple directional switching valves 32, The bidirectional converter 28, which reduces the electric generator 27 to idle rotation speed when X seconds have passed without all operations such as 34. When the electric generator 27 is reduced from the standard number of rotations to the idle number of rotations, the bidirectional converter 28 converts the inertia of the rotor of the electric generator 27 into electricity and performs regenerative control for charging the power storage device 7. Select diagram: figure 3
id-US20120273285A1    abstract-A method of utilizing potential energy at a worksite comprising providing an energy storage machine including an energy storage system at a first rendezvous height above a working area, coupling the energy storage machine to a first work machine, generating energy while commuting the energy storage machine and first work machine down the first height, storing the generated energy in the energy storage system and decoupling the energy storage machine and the first work machine at a second rendezvous point adjacent to the working area.
id-WO2012144663A1    abstract-본 invention battery rechargeable with regenerative braking power regulator with regenerative braking power on/off function reliably control via contactless induction, improve safety and efficiency of 이동체 how filled about power distribution control method, demand-side tracks form of magnetic field from the input AC current to be supplied by the house and induction electric energy generating stage; Stage for judging whether there is power supply from the tangerine; Where there is power supply from the tangerine, the stage where the regenerative braking function is turned off and the collected magnetic induction energy is supplied to the drive motor to charge the battery; Where there is no power supply from the tangerine, the steps include turning on the regenerative braking function and supplying regenerative braking energy to charge the battery.
id-WO2012141344A1    abstract-This invention is contactless induction charging way of 이동체 drive motor regenerative braking energy from first after saving on the energy storage battery through appropriate 제어신호 charging system, by aimed at securing energy efficiency and safety of regenerative braking control method about magnetic field from a demand-side tracks, as supplied in the form of input by AC currents and charges, such as home Prayers at AC drive motor driven by electric current into DC current induction for generating energy, steps and the request of drive motor from MCU input power generated by lowing induction phase, which supplies energy to drive motor and induction, these supply and demands of the drive motor power energy compared to the foregoing steps and comparison, comparing the results, Induction energy than drive motor driven demand for electrical energy (SOC) of battery as the MCU control in small steps to discharge the battery to check and remind, induction in surplus energy occurs under the control of MCU, if it is remind us to save energy storing surplus energy levels and, The MCU controls the battery 's State Of Charge, which includes the step Of charging the surplus energy stored in the above energy storage unit to the battery.
id-WO2012141343A1    abstract-This invention is contactless induction charging way of 이동체 drive motor regenerative braking energy from regenerative braking energy first on the energy saving through proper 제어신호 after saving by battery charging system aimed at securing of energy efficiency and safety, as external input, your energy in the Charged energy as needed to drive motor to drive electrical discharge battery supplies power to the wealth and processing, through the magnetic field from a demand-side tracks contactless way home remind us energy is supplied by electric drive motor drives the foregoing drive, drive motor and the rest of the surplus energy output dealing with contactless induction and fortune, Recall from the drive motor regenerative braking energy and contactless induction output from the ministry of processing the surplus energy storage, battery state of charge stored based on regenerative braking energy battery processing back to supply to charge the battery by regenerative braking processing wealth and remind, contactless induction in handling wealth or battery through the drive motor entered 제어신호 drive motor to drive the output signal of MCU and, It includes a driving motor that outputs regenerative braking energy driven by power supplied from the above battery processing unit as input to the driving signal output from the above MCU.
id-US9002560B2    abstract-In a hybrid vehicle that is in a four-wheel drive system based on FF layout and that is switchable between a two-wheel drive state and a four-wheel drive state by an electronically controlled coupling  10 , the electronically controlled coupling  10  is controlled to a release side when an engine  1  is started in an EV-4WD travel state so as to reduce the transmission amount of engine torque to a drive system of a side of rear wheels  8 L and  8 R.
id-US20170297552A1    abstract-An electric motorcycle includes a driving command detecting device, a state value detecting device, an electric motor driving a drive wheel, a control unit for executing a non-normal mode causing output of the electric motor in a non-normal mode to differ from the output of the electric motor in a normal mode, the control unit configured to shift the electric motorcycle from one of the normal or non-normal modes to the other normal or non-normal mode, when the state value satisfies a predetermined shift condition, in one of the normal and non-normal modes, and a cornering determiner unit for determining cornering status, wherein the control unit causes a change in the output of the electric motor to be less, when the electric motorcycle is cornering and the shift condition is satisfied than when the cornering determiner unit determines the electric motorcycle is not cornering and the shift condition is satisfied.
id-US9507360B2    abstract-A mine power management system includes: a first power line provided at an ascent and configured to exchange electric power with an ascending vehicle traveling on the ascent; a second power line provided at a descent and configured to exchange electric power with a descending vehicle traveling on the descent; and a power supply and storage apparatus configured to exchange electric power at least between the first power line and the second power line.
id-US9643498B2    abstract-A system supplying electrical power to a vehicle including: a network of electricity consuming units; a first electrical accumulation battery connected to the network, exhibiting a first maximum voltage when unloaded less than a maximum network voltage; a second electrical accumulation battery connected to the network, exhibiting a second maximum voltage when unloaded greater than the maximum voltage when unloaded of the first battery, and a minimum acceptable voltage when unloaded below the maximum network voltage; a drivable alternator connected to the network, configured to deliver to the second battery an electrical energy under a setpoint voltage drivable to various setpoint values; an electronic management facility, configured to impose at least two different setpoint voltages successively on the alternator when the vehicle is running, a low alternator voltage greater than the first maximum voltage, and a high alternator voltage greater both than the minimum voltage and than the low alternator voltage.
id-US20140046552A1    abstract-An electric drive unit for a construction machine is capable of increasing the operating time of the construction machine. The electric drive unit has an electricity storage device, a hydraulic pump of the fixed displacement type which is driven by a motor/generator, a plurality of directional control valves which respectively control the flow of hydraulic fluid supplied to a plurality of hydraulic actuators, a bidirectional converter which performs variable control on the revolution speed of the motor/generator, and an LS control device which controls the bidirectional converter so that LS differential pressure Pls equals a target value Pgr. The bidirectional converter performs regeneration control for converting the inertial force of the rotor of the motor/generator into electric power thereby charging the electricity storage device when the revolution speed of the motor/generator is decreased in response to an excess of the LS differential pressure Pls over the target value Pgr.
id-JPWO2012161262A1    abstract-By maximizing the air conditioning load recovered by the regenerative power while keeping the interior temperature of the vehicle close to the target temperature, the regenerative power is efficiently consumed by the vehicle itself and regenerative efficiency is greatly improved. The control device of a moving body is equipped with an energy conversion device that converts kinetic energy into electrical energy. The air conditioning device that controls the indoor temperature of the moving body and the brake starting position grasping device that grasps the starting position of the moving body are provided. In addition, at the position before the brake start position, the load of the air conditioning device is set to zero in advance, and at the brake start position, control the room temperature to the minimum allowable temperature when heating, and the maximum allowable temperature when cooling. This ensures that the maximum amount of electrical energy recovered by the energy converter is consumed by the air conditioning system during the period from the start of the brake to the end of the brake.
id-WO2012157049A1    abstract-Air conditioning equipment (1) installed in the vehicle, which cools the battery (5) with air drawn from the vehicle compartment, sends air taken in from either the outside air intake port (2) or the inside air intake port (3) to the vehicle compartment. The battery ECU (8), which controls the battery (5), has a better power balance between the amount of power charged to the battery (5) and the amount of power consumed by the air conditioning unit (1) through regeneration from the external air intake port (2) and the inner air intake port (3). Instruct the air intake port to the air conditioning ECU (11) to be switched in such a way as to select the one to take in the air.
id-US20190193711A1    abstract-A vehicle control system controls operation of motors of a vehicle and determines whether there is sufficient stored electric energy to power the vehicle through an unpowered segment of a route. The controller changes operation of the vehicle to ensure that the vehicle can travel completely through the unpowered segment by switching which energy storage device provides energy, changing vehicle speed, changing motor torque, changing which route is traveled on, selecting fewer motors to power the vehicle, requesting rendezvous with a recharging vehicle, running the energy storage devices in a degraded mode, initiating a motor to generate power to aid in propulsion and/or recharge the energy storage devices, selecting a different route, controlling the vehicle to draft or mechanically couple to another vehicle, and/or controlling the vehicle to gain momentum or to generate an overcharge.
id-US9211796B2    abstract-A control device for a vehicle includes: a plurality of controllers, each of which executes a plurality of energy saving control modes for restricting reduction of driving energy of the vehicle; a selector for displaying the plurality of energy saving control modes at the same time and for prompting an user of the vehicle to select execution or rejection of one of the plurality of energy saving control modes; and a central control device for controlling one of the plurality of controllers to execute a corresponding energy saving control mode, of which the execution is selected by the user, so that a maximum cruising range of the vehicle is expanded without providing a feeling of discomfort.
id-US8565946B2    abstract-A system includes a first propulsion subsystem and a second propulsion subsystem. The first propulsion subsystem is operable to provide electrical energy to a first communication device when operating in an ON mode. The second propulsion subsystem is operable to provide electrical energy to a second communication device when operating in the ON mode. The first propulsion subsystem and the second propulsion subsystem are controllable in a mode of operation where if one of the first propulsion subsystem or the second propulsion subsystem is controlled to be in an OFF mode, the other of the first propulsion subsystem and the second propulsion subsystem provides electrical energy to the respective first communication device or the second communication device.
id-US9263917B2    abstract-A non-contact power receiving apparatus includes a power reception unit for receiving electric power in a non-contact manner from a power transmitting apparatus external to a vehicle, and a control device for controlling the transmitted power from the power transmitting apparatus. The control device controls the transmitted power based on a monitoring result obtained by monitoring the surroundings of the vehicle, and an occupant detection result obtained by detecting whether or not an occupant enters the vehicle. When the monitoring result indicates the approach of a moving object to the vehicle, the control device causes the power transmitting apparatus to reduce the transmitted power. The power transmitting apparatus and the power reception unit transmit and receive electric power in a non-contact manner by electromagnetic field resonance.
id-US8777336B2    abstract-A brake apparatus includes: a master cylinder generating a master cylinder fluid pressure; a wheel brake device applying a braking force to the wheels; a control fluid pressure generation device including a fluid pressure control valve and a fluid pressure pump; an electric motor driving the fluid pressure pump; a control fluid pressure setting unit setting a control fluid pressure; wherein the control fluid pressure generation device rotates the electric motor to circulate a brake fluid and applies a control current to the fluid pressure control valve to thus generate the control fluid pressure in the fluid pressure control valve, and a target rotation number setting unit configured to calculate a pump-necessary discharge flow rate and a brake fluid amount, and set a target rotation number of the electric motor based on the pump-necessary discharge flow rate.
id-US8983703B2    abstract-A control system includes a drive source including an engine and a motor. A clutch is provided between the drive source and a driving wheel, wherein the clutch is engaged when a drive range is selected. The system performs, by a speed control of the motor, a control for keeping an input speed of the clutch at a target speed that is equal to the input speed at start of an engagement control of the clutch. The system judges that the clutch has started to be engaged, in response to a condition that a parameter has exceeded a predetermined threshold value when in a start region of the engagement control of the clutch, wherein the parameter changes along with a rotational fluctuation of the drive source. The system starts the judgment after awaiting satisfaction of a predetermined condition after the start of the engagement control of the clutch.
id-US20130000994A1    abstract-A solar-powered hybrid vehicle disclosed in the present invention comprises a vehicle body, a vehicle energy configuration system, and a brake energy recovery system. The vehicle body collects solar energy through a collection system of solar energy. The solar energy collected is stored in the vehicle energy configuration system of the vehicle. The brake energy recovery device is connected with a battery through a solar charging circuit. A sensor is provided between the vehicle energy configuration system and the battery. The body energy configure system is connected with an automatic control system, an external charging interface and an electric motor. Through the integration of a number of technical solutions, the present invention reduces energy consumption, improves the level of utilization of solar energy, and is more fashionable and fit for human use.
id-JP2013005582A    abstract-[problem] even if there is an Angle deviation in the sensor that detects the rotation Angle of the rotation axis of the motor, it can avoid unexpected regenerative braking of the motor and more reliably prevent overcharging of the secondary battery. [solution] apply the current Id in the negative direction to the d axis and prevent the current from flowing to the q axis. When IQ * is set to control a motor, the rotation Angle theta from the rotation Angle sensor used in control is corrected in the reverse direction when the motor is rotated forward, and in the forward direction when the motor is rotated backward. Correct. Therefore, even if the rotation Angle sensor includes offset error, the motor MG2 is controlled according to the corrected rotation Angle theta, so that no current opposite to the rotation direction of the motor MG2 does not flow on the q axis, that is, the regenerative torque is output. You can do it. This prevents the motor from unexpectedly regenerating and prevents the secondary battery from overcharging. Select diagram in figure 7.
id-WO2013000755A1    abstract-In the vehicle follow the following steps: Exercise or all the drag factors generated by the Betatigungselementes, at least one loop in the kurzzeitiges arrangement supervises the Betatigungselements vector in the Rekuperationsvorrichtung for the first time Ausloseposition activates a definite situation,Funktionsumfang and orders the ring supervisor Betatigungselements Ausloseposition to start with at least one vector which includes at least one set of outlets including refueling and/or deceleration.
id-US20220402399A1    abstract-A vehicle control system and method include processors that determine that an energy storage device of a vehicle will have insufficient energy to power a propulsion system of the vehicle under a first set of operational settings to move the vehicle from a first location within a powered segment to a designated second location that is outside of an unpowered segment of a route. Responsive to determining that the energy storage device will have insufficient energy, the processors change one or more settings of the vehicle to operate the vehicle under a second set of operational settings while the vehicle moves within the powered segment of the route to charge the energy storage device to a greater extent relative to operating of the vehicle according to the first set of operational settings.
id-US8947025B2    abstract-A regeneration control device of an electrically powered vehicle includes a motor generator which performs electric power regeneration by braking a driving wheel of the electrically powered vehicle, and a battery to which electric power regenerated by the motor generator is supplied. A monitoring unit includes at least one of a charging rate detection unit configured to detect a charging rate of the battery and a voltage value detection unit configured to detect a voltage value of the battery. A control unit controls the electric power regeneration of the motor generator according to at least one of the charging rate and the voltage value of the battery detected by the monitoring unit. The control unit is configured to decrease regenerative electric current of the motor generator as at least one of the charging rate and the voltage value is increased.
id-US9911252B2    abstract-A network of collection, charging and distribution machines collect, charge and distribute portable electrical energy storage devices (e.g., batteries, supercapacitors or ultracapacitors). Availability of charged portable electrical energy storage devices available at a collection, charging and distribution machine are communicated to or acquired by a mobile device of a user or a user's vehicle. Once the mobile device of a user or a user's vehicle comes within close proximity of the collection, charging and distribution machine or within a particular area surrounding the collection, charging and distribution machine, the collection, charging and distribution machine or a collection, charging and distribution machine management system communicates an alert (e.g., over a cellular network, short range wireless signal or wireless fidelity (Wi-Fi) network) to the mobile device or vehicle indicating how many portable electrical energy storage devices are available at the distribution machine.
id-US10209090B2    abstract-A network of collection, charging and distribution machines collect, charge and distribute portable electrical energy storage devices (e.g., batteries, supercapacitors or ultracapacitors). To charge, the machines employ electrical current from an external source, such as the electrical grid or an electrical service of an installation location. By default, each portable electrical energy storage device is disabled from accepting a charge unless it receives authentication information from an authorized collection, charging and distribution machine, other authorized charging device, or other authorized device that transmits the authentication credentials. Also, by default, each portable electrical energy storage device is disabled from releasing energy unless it receives authentication information from an external device to which it will provide power, such as a vehicle or other authorization device.
id-US8996308B2    abstract-A network of collection, charging and distribution machines collect, charge and distribute portable electrical energy storage devices (e.g., batteries, supercapacitors or ultracapacitors). Locations of collection, charging and distribution machines having available charged portable electrical energy storage devices are communicated to or acquired by a mobile device of a user or a navigation system of a user's vehicle. The locations are indicated on a graphical user interface on a map relative to the user's current location. The user may select particular locations on the map to reserve an available portable electrical energy storage device at a particular collection, charging and distribution machine location. The collection, charging and distribution machine locations displayed may also be based on a physical distance or driving time from the current location of the user mobile device or vehicle.
id-US9275505B2    abstract-A network of collection, charging and distribution machines collect, charge and distribute portable electrical energy storage devices (e.g., batteries, supercapacitors or ultracapacitors). To avoid theft and tampering of the portable electrical energy storage devices, by default, each portable electrical energy storage device is locked in and operably connected to the vehicle to which it provides power unless the vehicle comes within the vicinity of a collection, charging and distribution machine or other authorized external device such as that in a service center. Once within the vicinity of a collection, charging and distribution machine or other authorized external device a locking mechanism in the vehicle or within the portable electrical energy storage device unlocks and allows the portable electrical energy storage device to be exchanged or serviced.
id-US20170097652A1    abstract-A network of collection, charging and distribution machines collect, charge and distribute portable electrical energy storage devices. To charge, the machines employ electrical current from an external source. As demand at individual collection, charging and distribution machines increases or decreases relative to other collection, charging and distribution machines, a distribution management system initiates redistribution of portable electrical energy storage devices from one collection, charging and distribution machine to another collection, charging and distribution machine in an expeditious manner. Also, redeemable incentives are offered to users to return or exchange their portable electrical energy storage devices at selected collection, charging and distribution machines within the network to effect the redistribution.
id-US9129461B2    abstract-A collection, charging and distribution machine collects, charges and distributes portable electrical energy storage devices (e.g., batteries, super- or ultracapacitors). To charge, the machine employs electrical current from an external source, such as the electrical grid or an electrical service of an installation location. The machine determines a first number of devices to be rapidly charged, employing charge from a second number of devices identified to sacrifice charge. Thus, some devices may be concurrently charged via current from the electrical service and current from other devices, to achieve rapid charging of some subset of devices. The devices that sacrifice charge may later be charged. Such may ensure availability of devices for end users.
id-US9830753B2    abstract-A network of collection, charging and distribution machines collect, charge and distribute portable electrical energy storage devices (e.g., batteries, supercapacitors or ultracapacitors). Locations of collection, charging and distribution machines having available charged portable electrical energy storage devices are communicated to or acquired by a mobile device of a user, or displayed on a collection, charging and distribution machine. The locations are indicated on a graphical user interface on a map on a user's mobile device relative to the user's current location. The user may use their mobile device select particular locations on the map to reserve an available portable electrical energy storage device. The system nay also warn the user that the user is near an edge of the pre-determined area having portable electrical energy storage device collection, charging and distribution machines. Reservations may also be made automatically based on information regarding a potential route of a user.
id-US10330030B2    abstract-The present invention relates to a hybrid system comprising a supercharging system for an internal combustion engine (1), the hybrid system comprising: a charging device (6) with a turbine (7) connected to a compressor (8) via a compressor shaft (9), the compressor having a high speed shaft (30); a planetary gear (25) coupled between the high speed shaft (30) and an electric motor/generator (20); a clutch (18a); and a power transmission for connecting a crank shaft (4) of the combustion engine (1) to the electric motor/generator (20) via the clutch (18a); wherein the hybrid system further comprises a system control (23) configured to operate the hybrid system in different operating modes according to a control sequence based on one, or a plurality of, input parameters representative of operational properties of the hybrid system.
id-US8710800B2    abstract-A vehicle battery and charging method that may be used to balance cell voltages during a battery charging operation, and may do so in a way that protects the individual cells from over-charging and improves the overall efficiency of the operation. According to one example, the vehicle battery includes a number of cell-balancing current paths, each of which is connected in parallel to an individual battery cell and can shunt or bypass the corresponding cell when its voltage exceeds some maximum amount. This may enable under-charged battery cells to be charged at the same time that over-charged battery cells are bypassed. Each of the cell-balancing current paths may include a series-connected electronic switch and zener diode combination, where the electronic switch is controlled by a battery control module so that cell-balancing can be enabled during a battery charging operation and disabled at other times.
id-US9083222B2    abstract-A self-excited eddy current liquid-cooled retarder is disclosed. The retarder pertains to an auxiliary braking device retarding a vehicle, and comprises a retarder rotor, a retarder stator, a control module and a generator unit. The retarder rotor comprises a retarder coil, an electromagnet core and a core cage. The retarder coil is wound on a coil frame. The electromagnet core is inserted into the coil frame. The electromagnet core, the retarder coil and the coil frame are evenly distributed on the circumference of the core cage. The retarder rotor is connected to a transmission shaft of an automobile. The inner circle of the retarder stator and the outer circle of the electromagnet core of the retarder rotor are coaxial. The generator unit comprises a generator exciting winding, a generator exciting magnetic pole, a generator armature winding and a generator armature core and is received in the retarder rotor.
id-US10186094B2    abstract-A network of collection, charging and distribution machines collect, charge and distribute portable electrical energy storage devices (e.g., batteries, supercapacitors or ultracapacitors). Locations of collection, charging and distribution machines having available charged portable electrical energy storage devices are communicated to or acquired by a mobile device of a user or a navigation system of a user's vehicle. The locations are indicated on a graphical user interface on a map relative to the user's current location. The user may select particular locations on the map to reserve an available portable electrical energy storage device at a particular collection, charging and distribution machine location. The collection, charging and distribution machine locations displayed may also be based on a physical distance or driving time from the current location of the user mobile device or vehicle.
id-US8988034B2    abstract-A drive system for an electric motor includes a connection for a battery, and an inverter having an input side connected to an intermediate circuit and an output side having a connection for an electric motor. The intermediate circuit includes a first thyristor connected in parallel with an intermediate circuit capacitance. The drive system may also include a rectifier having an input side connected at the output side of the inverter in parallel with the electric motor, and a second thyristor connected an output side of the rectifier. The first/second thyristor are configured to be activated by a monitor incorporated in or assigned to the drive system. In the event of a malfunction, the input and/or output side of the inverter can be electrically isolated to allow a multiply redundant armature short circuit.
id-US9727066B2    abstract-In a fuel cell system which includes a high-electricity multiple-phase converter, noise generated due to an increase in reactor vibrations and due to a sound pressure increase caused by a plurality of reactors is effectively inhibited, and silence is improved. A fuel cell system includes a multiple-phase converter provided between a fuel cell and a load device. The fuel cell system includes: selecting means (e.g., a controller) for selecting a driving phase of the multiple-phase converter in accordance with the load of the load device; and driving means (e.g., a controller) for driving a plurality of driving phases, when selected by the selecting means, at carrier frequencies so that these driving phases are nearly opposite to each other.
id-US9673654B2    abstract-A multi-stage quick charging system is proposed. The system uses an intermediate power battery as voltage supporting point so that a converter having a fraction of the output voltage may control the entire power flow towards or from the battery of a vehicle or an electrical power device. The intermediate battery comprises several stages in series, associated with respective small chargers allowing a management of the charge balancing of the stages of the intermediate battery, since the chargers may be controlled in order to separately vary the contribution of each stage.
id-US8662600B2    abstract-A lawnmower vehicle which is a working vehicle with an electromagnetic brake includes left and right electromagnetic brakes, a brake relay which is a common brake releasing unit, and an ECU. The ECU compares electricity supply states of the left and right electromagnetic brakes, and controls the brake relay to disconnect an electrical connection between a battery and the left and right electromagnetic brakes, and to brake left and right wheels when a difference in the electricity supply states compared by a comparator exceeds an allowable upper limit.
id-US9130489B2    abstract-A vehicle converts DC power from a power storage device into AC power by an inverter to run by driving a three-phase motor generator. A switching unit is provided at a path electrically connecting the motor generator and the inverter. The switching unit includes a relay corresponding to each phase. Each relay is configured to connect a coil of a corresponding phase in the motor generator to a corresponding driving arm in the inverter, or to a connection node of capacitors connected in series between direct current side terminals of the inverter. When short-circuit failure is detected at a switching element of any one of the phases in the inverter, an ECU switches the relay of the corresponding phase in the switching unit to the side of the connection node.
id-US9415732B2    abstract-A vehicle power unit is operable to, when not driving the starter, charge first and second capacitors. A controller is operable to, when driving the starter, cause the battery to supply power to the starter if a total voltage of first and second capacitor voltages is smaller than a predetermined total voltage. The controller is operable to, when driving the starter, form a parallel circuit of the battery and the first capacitor, and connect the second capacitor in series to the parallel circuit if the total voltage is not smaller than the predetermined total voltage at a beginning of use of the vehicle. The controller is operable to, when driving the starter, disconnect the battery from the starter. The vehicle power unit reduces a load applied to the battery when driving the starter, accordingly extending a life time of the battery.
id-US9221460B2    abstract-The present invention relates to a drivetrain of a motor vehicle, having an internal combustion engine, having an electric machine, having a transmission unit, in particular a manual transmission, and having a clutch unit. The clutch unit comprises a first clutch actuable by a driver of the motor vehicle and a second clutch automatically actuable by a control unit. The electric machine can be coupled in terms of drive to the transmission unit by means of the first clutch and the internal combustion engine can be coupled in terms of drive to the electric machine by means of the second clutch.
id-US20130015796A1    abstract-A converter for an electrical machine having a plurality of phase lines for connecting the electrical machine. For each phase line the converter has a half-bridge with a first first semiconductor switch is configured to electrically connect at least one of the phase lines intermittently to a first supply line of the converter, and a second semiconductor switch configured to electrically connect the phase line intermittently to a second supply line of the converter. The converter is configured for operation in a first energy recovery limiting mode in which at least two of the first semiconductor switches are at least intermittently on simultaneously.
id-WO2013010790A3    abstract-The present invention relates to a procedure to operate an electronic network (44), in particular a Kraftfahrzeugs(10), in contrast to an electronic network (44) with at least two electronic machines (14,34), designating a tax Wechselrichter(32,42) with symptoms related to an electronic network (44) When the first population Generatorbetrieb electromechanical tools (14,34) were initiated, so the first, first step of this fact is the Divorgebbaren The Spannungswertes electric grid (44) in which the existing power is strained, then the second step, relies on an anticipated induzierten One of the Freilaufspannung electric machines (14,32), one of the Wechselrichter (32,42) will select an electric engine index (14,32), so it will be seen that the electronic machine connected to it (14,34) can operate in open discharge, it can generate idle time voltage by rotation, What is needed in the electric net (44), then the third step breaks through the second vorgebbaren Spannungswertes electric network (44) in all the existing induzierten electric Freilaufspannung data will then be in the fourth step Wechselrichter(32,42 first electric machine (14),34), where he will make the first electronic machine (14,34) in there Preface Generatorbetrieb operation.
id-WO2013004799A3    abstract-The invention consists of an electric electric vehicle (03,08) with multiple batteries, such as a battery-powered electric vehicle (03) and several coagulators (08). First, the invention is represented by an electric propulsion vehicle with a plurality of propulsion units (02) comprising its thrusters. All thrusters (02) have at least one electric engine (11). This car stores an electric motor (11) with a supply of decentralized batteries (08). In addition, the vehicle has a central power reserve (03), which can supply food for the distributed power reserve (08), as well as allow the electric engine to feed on the spot (11). The vehicle is also controlled by a regulating device (13) to control the flow between a central power reserve (03) and a decentralized power detector (08). Erfindungsgemaß is the acceleration of Fahrzeuges into Betriebsgeschwindigkeit Fahrzeuges in a broad Elektroenergiespeicher(08) energy speicherbar, while in the center Elektroenergiespeicher(03) the energy goes to move the Fahrzeuges Betriebsreichweite Fahrzeuges matter,speicherbar. is
id-WO2013015817A1    abstract-A motor vehicle including a hybrid electric drive train, a multiple bus power distribution system for the drive train and loads, and a control system including a plurality of switching devices allowing selective connection and disconnection of the buses from loads, the drive train and electrical power storage elements, provides for power flow control. Power flow control is responsive to the electrical machine entering its traction mode monitoring power flow from the electrical power storage device, to the electrical machine entering its generator mode monitoring the output voltage level of the electrical machine, to the electrical power storage device exceeding a maximum permitted rate reconfiguring the motor vehicle to deliver less power to the electrical machine, or to the voltage level from the electrical machine exceeding a maximum permitted level directing the electrical machine to reduce power output.
id-US20140214298A1    abstract-The invention relates to a method for controlling a vehicle ( 1 ) equipped with a means ( 10 ) for recuperating the energy generated under braking, comprising steps of acquiring a braking instruction, calculating a first intermediate setpoint using a preventive filter which filters said braking instruction at the resonant frequency of the drive train ( 20 ) of the vehicle ( 1 ), calculating a second intermediate setpoint, formulated so as to damp out the oscillations in the drive train ( 20 ) using a curative filter, controlling said regenerative means ( 10 ) on the basis of said first and second intermediate setpoints, and controlling the brakes ( 60, 70 ). According to the invention, the second intermediate setpoint is calculated as a function of a forecast value of a dynamic characteristic of the recuperative means, estimated using a predictive mathematical model.
id-JP2014525726A    abstract-The invention relates to a method for braking a prime motor vehicle (10) driven by the driving torque of at least one electrical device (12) electrically connected to an electrical energy storage device (14) and, in the first mode of operation, includes: At least one electrical device (12) ACTS as a generator to generate the generator braking torque and supplies electrical energy from the energy storage device (14) to at least one electrical device (12) in the second operating mode The brake torque is generated in the direction opposite to the driving torque by at least one electrical device (12). Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US9073425B2    abstract-A wheel hub drive system with an electric motor that can be arranged inside a wheel rim, whereby the electric motor is formed by rotor that is at least indirectly joined to a wheel hub and by means of a stationary stator that can be supplied with alternating current. With an eye towards obtaining more space for the vehicle occupants, it is proposed to arrange the converter with its entire power electronics unit on the stator so that the wheel hub drive system can be operated with direct current from the battery of the vehicle, or else no alternating current lines have to be laid in the vehicle. Consequently, the alternating current is generated by the converter that is arranged in a converter housing attached axially next to the stator.
id-US9698716B2    abstract-The controller estimates torque output by the motor and controls the current supplied to the motor in such a manner that a torque estimate of the motor obtained by the estimation corresponds to the torque command value. A torque estimation calculator  120  estimates the torque output by the motor. A phase error command calculator  125  calculates a command value of a phase error from the deviation between the torque estimate and a torque command value. A speed estimation calculator  130  outputs a speed estimate in such a manner that a phase error estimate corresponds to the command value of the phase error.
id-US9126583B2    abstract-A control device for a hybrid vehicle has an engine, a motor configured to output a driving force of the vehicle and performing a startup of the engine, a first engagement element interposed between the engine and the motor that selectively connects and releases the engine and the motor, a second engagement element interposed between the motor and a driving wheel that selectively engages and releases the motor and the driving wheel, a driving force transmission system load detecting device that either detects or estimates a load of the driving force transmission system, and an engine/motor slip drive control unit that slip engages the first engagement element with the engine maintaining in rotating state at a predetermined rotation speed, and slip engages the second engagement element with the motor at a rotation speed lower than the predetermined rotation speed.
id-US8988042B2    abstract-In a vehicle ( 100 ), a power storage device ( 110 ) mounted thereon can be charged with electric power transmitted from an external power supply device ( 500, 500 A) via a power cable ( 400, 400 A). The vehicle ( 100 ) includes a PLC communication unit ( 230 ) for establishing PLC communication with the external power supply device ( 500, 500 A) via the power cable ( 400 ). An ECU ( 300 ) starts transmission of a signal from the PLC communication unit ( 230 ) to the external power supply device ( 500, 500 A) in response to connection of the power cable ( 400 ) to an inlet ( 220 ). When a response from the external power supply device ( 500, 500 A) to the signal is not received, the ECU ( 300 ) switches a CCID ( 430, 540 ) provided in the power cable ( 400 ) or the external power supply device ( 500 A) to a state in which supply of the electric power is possible, and thereafter, retransmits the signal from the PLC communication unit ( 230 ) to the external power supply device ( 500, 500 A).
id-US9059652B2    abstract-A motor drive system includes a first interlock mechanism configured to be activated in response to transition to an operable state of an interruption device, to open an open/close device, a second interlock mechanism configured to be activated in response to transition to an openable state of a case containing a power control unit, to open the open/close device, and a control device. The control device is configured to perform, when the first interlock mechanism is activated, a first process of opening the open/close device after shutting down the power control unit, and to perform, when the second interlock mechanism is activated, a second process of opening the open/close device while driving the power control unit, instead of the first process, depending on a counter electromotive voltage generated by a motor.
id-US9120482B2    abstract-A control device for a vehicle drive configured with a power transfer path that includes a first engagement device, a rotary electric machine, and a second engagement device. These elements being arranged in this order from an input member coupled to an engine to an output member that is coupled to the wheels of the vehicle. The control device is configured with an control section that controls output torque of the rotary electric machine such that a rotational speed becomes closer to a target rotational speed with both the first and second engagement devices brought into a slip engagement state and with the rotary electric machine generating electric power. The control section maintains control in which at least one of a temperature of the rotary electric machine and a temperature of an inverter is monitored as a monitoring target temperature.
id-US9481253B2    abstract-An energy storage system for connection to a traction power supply that provides power to an electric vehicle. The energy storage system includes a power controller that controls a DC-DC converter to transfer electrical energy from the traction power supply to electrical energy storage when the train is braking. The power controller also controls the converter to transfer electrical energy from the electrical energy storage to the traction power supply when the train is accelerating. The controller slows the rate of energy transfer when upper and lower voltage boundary limits of the electrical energy storage are approached, respectively.
id-US8996220B2    abstract-A torque control device for use in a hybrid vehicle equipped with a generator driven by an internal combustion engine has a command value calculator that calculates an engine torque command value and a rotation speed command value of the generator based on a target generation power of the generator set in accordance with a running state of the hybrid vehicle, a generator torque command value calculator that calculates a generator torque command value to cause a rotation speed calculation value to match the rotation speed command value, a generator controller that controls the generator based on the generator torque command value, a rotation speed detector that detects a rotation speed detection value of the generator, and a pulsation removal filter.
id-US9617715B2    abstract-A construction machine including an internal combustion engine controlled based on a torque command, an electric motor mechanically connected to the internal combustion engine, and an electric energy storage device that supplies electric power to the electric motor, the construction machine performing work by driving a hydraulic pressure generator using the internal combustion engine and the electric motor, the construction machine including: a speed control device that controls a speed of the electric motor based on a speed command; and a torque limiter that limits the torque command relative to a torque target, wherein the torque command is limited by the torque limiter in such a manner that a rate of change with time of the torque command is limited to be equal to or less than a predetermined value.
id-WO2013027726A1    abstract-We provide a control device that can secure the desired power amount while reducing the calorific value of the second joint device, and can realize the desired running state according to the situation. A control device that controls the vehicle drive device which has a first engaging device, a rotating electric motor, a second engaging device, and an output member in order from the side of the internal combustion engine in the power transmission path connecting the internal combustion engine and the wheels. The control device starts from the first control mode in which the rotation electric motor generates power in the slip clamping state of both the first clamping device and the second clamping device, to the second control mode in which the rotation electric motor generates power in the slip clamping state of the first clamping device and the second clamping device. Perform mode transfer control to switch to control mode.
id-US20140207355A1    abstract-An electronic control unit of a braking force control apparatus for a vehicle activates, as a first state, in-wheel motors in a regeneration state, thereby generating motor braking torques, and causes friction brake mechanisms to generate friction braking forces. Moreover, the unit activates, as a second state, the motors in a power running state, thereby generating motor driving torques, and causes the mechanisms to generate friction braking forces. Then, when the state is caused to transition between the first state and the second state, the unit changes magnitudes of the braking torques or the driving torques generated by the motors to one of increase and decrease, and changes magnitudes of the friction braking forces generated by the mechanisms to one of increase and decrease.
id-US20130049657A1    abstract-A regenerative load electric power management system can include a system bus, an input filter coupled to the system bus, a first bidirectional solid state power controller coupled to the system bus, a motor drive inverter coupled to the input filter, a second bidirectional solid state power controller coupled to the motor drive inverter, a bidirectional direct current DC-DC converter coupled to the second bidirectional solid state power controller and an energy storage bus coupled to the bidirectional DC-DC converter, the energy storage bus providing access to an energy storage device.
id-WO2013029539A1    abstract-An automobile, especially a high-energy electric vehicle. The high energy electric vehicle comprises a chassis and a body (1), a wheel, the body (1) is provided with a power system, the power system comprises a power generation device, a battery (4) and a motor (5), the power generation device comprises a rear wheel (9) and a generator (6), the rear wheel (9) through the rear shaft transmission mechanism and the generator (6) connected, The generator (6) is connected with the battery (4), the battery (4) is connected with the motor (5), and the motor (5) is connected with the front shaft (3) through the front shaft transmission mechanism. The power system of the high-energy electric vehicle drives the front axle (3) to rotate through the electric energy of the battery (4), and the front axle (3) drives the car forward. While the car moves forward, the rear wheel (9) rotates, and the rear wheel (9) rotates and then drives the generator (6) to generate electricity through the rear shaft transmission mechanism. The electric energy generated by the generator (6) charges the battery (4), and so on. The battery (4) is charged while the car is driving.
id-US20160176302A1    abstract-A wireless vehicle battery charging system includes an off-vehicle transducer connected to a power source and configured to wirelessly transmit and receive a first alternating current having a first frequency, an on-vehicle transducer configured to wirelessly transmit and receive the first alternating current, and a frequency converting circuit connected to the on-vehicle transducer. The frequency converting circuit is configured to change the first frequency of the first alternating current to a second alternating current having a second frequency. The system further includes a battery within the vehicle and a regenerative braking circuit connected to the frequency converting circuit and the battery. The regenerative braking circuit is configured to rectify the second alternating current to a direct current supplied to the battery and configured to convert the direct current from the battery to the second alternating current supplied to the frequency converting circuit.
id-JP2013065536A    abstract-[challenges] to provide secondary batteries that can achieve excellent battery characteristics. [solution] a rechargeable battery is equipped with an electrolyte together with a positive and negative electrode, which contains an unsaturated hexyclic carbonate ester. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-JP2013038845A    abstract-[issue] provide a vehicle drive device that achieves torque output as much as possible while protecting the switching power element. The vehicle drive device includes battery MB, inverter 14 for driving motor generator MG1, inverter 22 for driving motor generator MG2, and common power source for inverter 14 and inverter 22. A voltage converter 12 for voltage conversion between the voltage of the power line and the voltage of the battery MB, and a control device 30 for controlling the inverter 14, inverter 22 and voltage converter 12 are provided between the inverter and battery MB. . In the case of a fault in the voltage converter 12, when the condition of regenerative power generation in the inverter 22 is established, the control device 30 USES the inverter 14 to perform discharge processing of the power line to make the power line electrical Relax the increase in pressure. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US9746525B2    abstract-A battery system monitoring device that monitors a battery system provided with a cell group having a plurality of battery cells connected in series with each other, including: a first control device that monitors and controls states of the plurality of battery cells of the cell group; a second control device that controls the first control device; a temperature detection unit that measures a temperature in the vicinity of the first control device; and a plurality of voltage detection lines, for measuring an inter-terminal voltage of the battery cell, which connect each of a positive electrode and a negative electrode of the battery cell and the first control device. The first control device includes a balancing switch, which performs balancing discharge of the battery cell for each of the battery cells.
id-US9956880B2    abstract-A drivable exercise machine may include an electric vehicle with human power input provided by a high output, variable-resistance pedal-driven generator. The vehicle may include a computing device with a user interface that mimics an electric exercise bicycle. Using one or more program modes, a user may activate pre-set, custom and dynamic terrain-based exercise program profiles while commuting.
id-US9266511B2    abstract-A method and system for controlling regenerative braking of a hybrid electric vehicle. The regenerative braking system includes a driver-operable brake pedal, a hydraulically actuated friction brake for at least one front wheel, an anti-lock braking system hydraulically connected to the hydraulically actuated friction brake, and an electrically actuated friction brake for at least one rear wheel. The regenerative braking system further includes an electric machine connected to the at least one rear wheel and capable of performing regenerative braking of the at least one rear wheel, and an electronic control unit that controls the stability of the hybrid electric vehicle. The regenerative braking system is configured to provide increased braking torque of the front hydraulically actuated friction brake by means of the anti-lock braking system for compensating a decreased or limited rear wheel braking torque initiated by the electronic control unit.
id-US8715876B2    abstract-A fuel cell vehicle is provided. At the time of regeneration of electric power by a motor, an ECU places a DC/DC converter in a direct connection state under control, and stores electric power in a battery while decreasing oxygen concentration or hydrogen concentration by a gas supply unit to decrease electric power generated by a fuel cell.
id-US9688160B2    abstract-A method of operating an electric system of a motor vehicle, consisting of a fuel cell system, an accumulator and an electric driving motor is provided. Without implementing an electric voltage conversion and therefore without an electric voltage converter, as a function of the level of the electric voltage made available by the fuel cell system and by the accumulator and the electric power demanded by the electric motor, a first switching element in the connection between the fuel cell system and a node point electrically connected with the accumulator and the electric motor, as well as a second switching element in the connection between the accumulator and this node point are opened or closed as needed. This is done such that the power requirement of the electric motor is met primarily from the fuel cell system, and in an auxiliary fashion, additionally from the accumulator. If the electric power offered by the fuel cell system exceeds the electric power demanded by the electric motor, the excess power will be fed to the accumulator for as long as its permissible charging current is not exceeded and the accumulator still has a defined residual storage capacity.
id-US9236736B2    abstract-A power supply system that supplies electric power to a load includes a first power storage device, a second power storage device, a power line for transmitting electric power input and output to and from the load, a converter for executing bidirectional DC voltage conversion between the first power storage device and the power line, and a switch connected between the second power storage device and the power line. When the switch is OFF, the control device performs voltage control of the converter so that a voltage value of the power line becomes a voltage command value, and when the switch is ON, the control device performs current control of the converter so that a current value of the first power storage device becomes a current command value.
id-US8557461B2    abstract-A fuel cell vehicle is provided. The voltage of a fuel cell is fixed, by a DC/DC converter, to a voltage outside an oxidation reduction progress voltage range of the fuel cell. In this state, oxygen concentration or hydrogen concentration is decreased by a gas supply unit, and electric power outputted from the fuel cell is decreased. In this state, regenerative electric power generated by regeneration is collected into a battery.
id-US20150006000A1    abstract-A control system and control method for a hybrid vehicle, which properly determine based on a predicted charge amount whether or not to change a speed position, to thereby obtain a larger charge amount, thereby making it possible enhance fuel economy of the hybrid vehicle. A first charge amount is estimated which is an amount of electric power charged into a storage battery when regeneration is performed by an electric motor in a state in which the speed position of a stepped transmission is held, for a predetermined regeneration time period. Further, a second charge amount is estimated which is an amount of electric power charged into the storage battery when the speed position is changed to a target speed position within the regeneration time period, and regeneration by the electric motor  4  is performed until the regeneration time period elapses.
id-US20130062932A1    abstract-A brake control apparatus for a vehicle provided with a regenerative braking device, the brake control apparatus includes: a first brake circuit connecting a master cylinder configured to generate a brake hydraulic pressure by a brake operation of a driver, and a wheel cylinder to which the brake hydraulic pressure is applied; a booster configured to increase a pressure of a brake fluid within the master cylinder, and to transmit the pressurized brake fluid to the wheel cylinder through a second brake circuit connected with the first brake circuit; a third brake circuit bifurcated from the first brake circuit, and connected with the booster; a reservoir provided on the third brake circuit; and a recirculating device configured to recirculate the brake fluid stored in the reservoir, to the first brake circuit's side.
id-EP2754596A1    abstract-To provide a control system and a control method for a hybrid vehicle, which make it possible to cause the hybrid vehicle to efficiently travel to thereby make it possible to improve fuel economy. A control system 1 for a hybrid vehicle V includes an ECU 2. The ECU 2 calculates four total efficiencies TE_eng, TE_ch, TE_asst, and TE_ev, using energy ENE_eng2 transmitted from an internal combustion engine 3 to drive wheels DW during operation of the engine 3, energy ENE_mot2 transmitted from an electric motor 4 to the drive wheels DW during operation of the electric motor 4, energy ENE_mot2 charged when motive power of the engine 3 is converted to electric energy by a power generating operation of the electric motor 4 during the operation of the engine 3, and energy assumed to be supplied to whole motive power sources 3 and 4 (ENE_eng1, ENE_eng1 + ENE_mot1, ENE_mot1) (step 2), and selects a travel mode which makes it possible to obtain the highest value of the four total efficiencies TE_eng, TE_ch, TE_asst, and TE_ev according to required torque TRQ and vehicle speed VP (step 3).
id-WO2013044357A1    abstract-In an aspect, an electric vehicle is provided that includes an electric traction motor, a battery pack and a range extender system. The vehicle is capable of operating according to more than one control strategy for controlling the state of charge of the battery pack.
id-JP2013074640A    abstract-[subject] Provided a method to drive a battery with constant current to measure the voltage between terminals of a battery to accurately determine the SOC of the secondary battery in HEV and EV with only one battery even when the vehicle is in operation. I do. [solution] The invention is a motor control device. The first mode in which the charge/discharge current of the secondary battery changes according to the load change of the motor; the second mode in which the charge/discharge current of the secondary battery becomes a fixed time regardless of the load change of the motor A mode setting unit for setting end; a mode set by the mode setting unit; Selection diagram: figure 2
id-JPWO2013035176A1    abstract-A battery control device that controls a battery module in which multiple cell groups connected in series or in series parallel with multiple cell groups are connected in series may be equipped with multiple cell controller ics and multiple cell controllers that control multiple cell groups respectively. One or more connectors are provided to connect a lead IC to a battery module. The plurality of cell controller ics include the first cell controller IC and the second cell controller IC. The GND terminal wiring of the first cell controller IC and the VCC terminal wiring of the second cell controller IC are connected outside of the battery control device by providing auxiliary connection members (pins). The GND terminal wiring of the first cell controller IC is connected to the VCC terminal wiring of the second cell controller IC. A switch is provided between the VCC terminal wiring of the second cell controller IC and the second cell controller IC.
id-US20130081892A1    abstract-The present disclosure is directed to an electric vehicle with human power input provided by a high output pedal-driven generator. The vehicle includes a computing device with a user interface that mimics an electric exercise bicycle, with both pre-set and custom exercise program profiles.
id-WO2013038329A2    abstract-A controller for a vehicle having an electric motor for driving the vehicle and a friction brake for inhibiting movement of the vehicle, the controller comprising means arranged to generate a control signal for actuating the electric motor to consume current for generating a drive torque and means for actuating the friction brake to dissipate energy resulting from the drive torque produced by the electric motor while the drive torque is being generated.
id-US20130284524A1    abstract-A power system for a vehicle or a facility utilizing an electric traction motor which is operated by a bank of batteries. The batteries are charged by a fuel operated electrical generator which is cooled by a radiator. A solar cell provides additional electrical output to the bank of batteries, while a ram air turbine may be employed for added electrical power or for regenerative braking. The traction motor operates a drive shaft through a differential gear mechanism to operate the wheels of the vehicle.
id-WO2013041167A2    abstract-The invention relates to a procedure to reduce the mechanical burden of at least one component of the Antriebsstrangs Kraftfahrzeugs(10) on at least two wheels, one or all of the Antriebsrad (12a, 12b), which is also an antiblocki Bremssystem (16), or (10), and at least one electronic machine (18), the origin of the Antriebsrads (12a, 12b) and the Antriebsrad Kraftfahrzeugs(10), at least two of this vehicle (10 vehicles) set friction brakes for each vehicle (14a, 14b), which includes the following steps :(a) provide anti-pack braking system (16 vehicles), set friction brakes for the wheels (14a, 14b) (10 vehicles); (b) At least one electric motor (18a, 18b) and one timed propeller (12a, 12b) are detected in the explosion-proof brake system (16) :b1). (Section 120)b2) will be connected to the drive wheel (12a, 12b) electric machine (18a, 18b), will reduce mechanical fatigue (step 140). It also involves cars
id-WO2013046315A1    abstract-The power control unit (20) performs power conversion between the main battery (10) and the motor generator (30) in order to drive and control the motor generator (30) when the vehicle is running. The external charger (200) has a DC/DC converter (210) that performs bidirectional power conversion between the main battery (10) and the first power line (157p, 157g). The first power line (157p, 157g) is electrically connected to the second power line (154p, 154g) in the power control unit (20). The control device 80 converts the dc voltage of the output voltage of the main battery 10 to the first power line (157p, according to the input and output power between the main battery 10 and the motor generator 30 when the vehicle is running. The DC/DC converter (210) is operated to output 157g).
id-US20130062131A1    abstract-The invention relates to a self generating power assembly for a vehicle including one or more power sources for a vehicle that increases the mileage efficiency for the vehicle.
id-US20190222022A1    abstract-A multi-energy storage device system includes an electric drive coupled to a load, a DC link coupled to the electric drive, and a bi-directional voltage converter having an output channel coupled to the DC link and an input channel. A first energy storage device (ESD) is coupled to the input channel, and a switch is coupled to the DC link and to a second ESD. A system controller causes the switch to couple the second ESD to the DC link for delivering energy stored in the second ESD to the electric drive. The system controller also causes the voltage converter to convert a voltage of the first ESD to a higher voltage and to deliver the higher voltage to the DC link, wherein the higher voltage is greater than the voltage of the second ESD and causes the switch to decouple the second ESD from the DC link.
id-US9321352B2    abstract-An integrated truck and trailer power system comprises auxiliary power generation and storage devices mounted on a trailer, such as an array of solar panels mounted on the roof of the trailer and a storage battery mounted on the trailer, and switching devices for controlling flow of power there between and to an electrically powered HVAC system of the truck, whereby the truck can be maintained at a comfortable temperature by supply of power stored by the auxiliary power storage device.
id-US9145110B2    abstract-A vehicular charging system is provided that includes a battery and a charger region. The system also includes a wireless charger for generating an electric charging signal in the charger region to charge the battery, and a plurality of sensors located to sense foreign objects and living beings in proximity to the charger region. The system further includes a controller for controlling the charger to at least reduce the charging signal when a foreign object or a living being is in proximity to the charger region. The controller may be configured to terminate the charging signal and/or activate an alarm element when a foreign object or a living being is in proximity to the charger region.
id-US9673664B2    abstract-A power transmission apparatus includes a power transmission unit and a power supply unit. A wireless power reception apparatus includes a power reception unit capable of wirelessly receiving electric power from the power transmission unit, and a control unit performing control for positional alignment between the power reception unit and the power transmission unit and for reception of electric power after the positional alignment. The magnitude of electric power received by the power reception unit from the power transmission unit is used for positional alignment between the power reception unit and the power transmission unit. The control unit sets a parameter of a power transmission and reception path so that a power receivable range that can be received by the power reception unit at any time while positional alignment is done is wider than that when electric power is received after the positional alignment.
id-US8825250B2    abstract-Systems and methods are provided for detecting that an electric motor drive vehicle (e.g., an electric scooter or motorbike) is idling based on one or more of sensed parameters indicative of the idling state. These sensed parameters may include one or more of, alone or in any combination, a sensed throttle position, at least one sensed electrical characteristic of a traction electric motor, a power converter, or an electrical storage device of the vehicle, and a sensed rate of rotation of a drive shaft of the traction electric motor or of a wheel drivably coupled to the traction electric motor. Upon detecting that the vehicle is in an idling state, a controller of the vehicle enters into a standby mode. In the standby mode, a relatively small amount of electrical power is supplied to the traction electric motor to cause a vibration of the motor to alert a driver that the vehicle is ON in the standby mode and is ready to be driven. Additionally, an audible and/or visual indication may be issued in the standby mode to further alert the driver that the vehicle is ON and ready to be driven.
id-US9861018B2    abstract-A wiring protective cover structure for an electric drive vehicle is provided that can be used to cool a battery while effectively blocking noise that is generated from wiring for connecting an electric power converter and the battery disposed on a floor panel. A DC line cable  23  and a control line cable  25  that connect a battery  21  and an electric power converter  22  are disposed on a top surface of a center tunnel  37  of a vehicle  1 , and a metallic wiring protective cover  35  has a cooling passage  30  disposed therein and is disposed on a floor panel  36  so as to cover the DC line cable  23  and the control line cable  25.
id-US9676281B2    abstract-A hybrid battery system for an electric vehicle includes a lithium battery module including a plurality of lithium battery cells, a lead storage battery module including a plurality of lead storage battery cells, a first sensing unit including a sensor for measuring a temperature and a voltage of the lithium battery module, a second sensing unit including a sensor for measuring a temperature and a voltage of the lead storage battery module, a control circuit connected to the first sensing unit and the second sensing unit, the control circuit configured to measure a state of charge of each of the lithium battery module and the lead storage battery module by using the temperature and the voltage measured in the first sensing unit and the second sensing unit and to generate a control signal by comparing the temperature of the lithium battery module with a reference temperature and comparing the voltage of the lead storage battery module with a reference voltage, and a charging/discharging circuit connected to the lithium battery module and the lead storage battery module, the charging/discharging circuit including a switch for selectively discharging the lithium battery module or the lead storage battery module in response to the control signal.
id-US9045152B2    abstract-An electric assist cart includes: a body frame; a drive wheel; a control handle by which a user can input a driving force to the body frame; a torque sensor that detects a driving torque input to the body frame from the control handle; a controller that computes an assisting force based on the driving torque; and an electric motor that applies the assisting force to the drive wheel. The controller includes an electric current determination part that determines whether or not an electric current having a magnitude equal to or larger than a first setting value continuously flows for a first setting time, and an electric current control part that reduces a maximum value of the electric current that can be supplied to the electric motor to be smaller than the first setting value based on the determination of the electric current determination part.
id-US9174646B2    abstract-An electric vehicle motor control device controls the transmission of power from an electric motor to driving wheels via an automatic transmission. The electric vehicle motor control device includes a vehicle speed detecting device that detects a vehicle speed of the electric vehicle and a controller. The controller includes a required driving power calculating section that calculates a required driving power of the electric vehicle, and a target motor rotational speed calculating section that calculates a target motor rotational speed. The target motor rotational speed is calculated so that an efficiency of a product of a power consumption rate of the electric motor and a transmission efficiency of the automatic transmission will become a prescribed target efficiency, based on the vehicle speed and the required driving power. The controller controls the electric motor based on the target motor rotational speed.
id-US9205746B2    abstract-An electric assist cart includes: a drive wheel provided in a body frame; a control handle used by an operator to input a driving force to the body frame; a torque sensor that detects a driving torque applied to the body frame from the control handle; a controller that computes an assisting force applied to the drive wheel based on the driving torque; an electric motor that applies the assisting force to the drive wheel; a brake that brakes the drive wheel and switches from a braking state to an unbraking state when a predetermined electric current flows; and a brake release switch manipulated by an operator to allow the controller to instruct the predetermined electric current to flow to the brake, wherein the controller maintains the braking state of the brake even when the brake release switch is manipulated without turning on power, and power is then turned on.
id-US9697952B2    abstract-The non-contact electric power reception device includes an electric power reception portion and an electric load device. The electric power reception portion is configured such that best transmission efficiency at a power supply frequency of the power supply portion used for non-contact electric power transmission is achieved when the electric power reception portion is arranged with its position being displaced from a position of the electric power transmission portion. Preferably, the electric power reception portion is configured such that a peak frequency at which transmission efficiency at the time of change in power transmission frequency exhibits a peak and a power supply frequency match with each other when the electric power reception portion is arranged with positions in a horizontal direction of a central axis of the electric power reception portion and a central axis of the electric power transmission portion being displaced from each other.
id-US20140321182A1    abstract-A control apparatus for a voltage conversion apparatus includes: duty command signal generation means for generating a duty command signal corresponding to a duty ratio of switching elements carrier signal generation means for generating carrier signals corresponding to respective switching frequencies of the switching elements; switching control signal generation means for generating respective switching control signals of switching ON and OFF states of the switching elements, by comparing the duty command signal with the carrier signals; one arm driving control means for implementing one arm driving by alternatively turning on the first and second switching elements; and phase inverting means for bringing phases of portions, of the carrier signals, corresponding to switching at least right after arm switching, into a state where the phases are shifted from each other by 180 degrees between the first and second switching elements, at the time of the arm switching.
id-JP2013085456A    abstract-[challenges] to provide methods and devices for controlling braking systems for automobiles with braking devices. The braking system includes the braking device 40, the hydraulic braking unit 41 and the regenerative braking unit 42, and is designed to detect the operating degree of the brake pedal 10 and the characteristics of the braking system. According to the method, the steps for calculating the hydraulic braking force characteristic curve of the hydraulic braking unit 41 based on the detected characteristics of the braking system, and the regenerative braking unit from the characteristic map according to the calculated hydraulic braking force characteristic curve based on the predetermined criteria. Based on the step of selecting the generator base braking force characteristic curve of class 42 and the calculated hydraulic braking force characteristic curve and the selected generator base braking force characteristic curve, regenerative with the hydraulic braking unit 41 according to the detected working degree of the brake pedal 10 And control brake unit 42 steps. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-US20150094884A1    abstract-In a regenerative braking emergency stop system, a substation includes: a rectifier transformer configured to transform AC power received from outside; a rectifier configured to convert the transformed AC power into DC power; and a switch disposed on an electrical path between the rectifier and a power-feed rail and configured to be in a closed state or an opened state; a simulated ripple transmitter configured to transmit a simulated ripple, the simulated ripple being an AC signal having a predetermined frequency; a superimposing circuit connected to the power-feed rail in parallel with the rectifier and configured to superimpose the simulated ripple transmitted from the simulated ripple transmitter on DC power outputted from the rectifier; and a relay device configured to allow the simulated ripple transmitter to transmit the simulated ripple when the rectifier is receiving power from outside and the switch is in a closed state.
id-WO2013070407A1    abstract-A power interface (14) connected to an ultra capacitor (16), a power source (18), and a load (20), with a controller (22) for managing the power interface (14), and monitoring the ultra capacitor (16), power source (18), and demands of the load (20) attached thereto. The power interface (12) selectively switches the circuit between the ultra capacitor (16) and the power source (18), and between the load (20) in response to the level of demand of the load (20) attached thereto such that the ultra capacitor (16) powers peak demand and the power source (18) powers steady demand.
id-WO2013061414A1    abstract-The vehicle (100) has a motor generator (130) that generates driving power and an ECU (300). When the change of the requested power from the user is within the specified range, for the motor generator 130, the first state of generating the driving force (accelerated driving) and the second state of generating the driving force less than the first state (used to perform It is possible to change the driving force of the vehicle (100) while changing the driving force (100). Moreover, ECU (300) sets the time of the second state in the driving force change operation variable according to the size of the power requested by the user. This improves the energy efficiency of the vehicle (100).
id-US20130157157A1    abstract-A method for operating a fuel cell system includes electrically coupling a fuel cell stack to an energy storage device and an electrical demand by a load device. A controller is coupled to the fuel cell stack, the energy storage device, and the load device via a communications connection. The controller obtains information relative to an operation of at least one of the fuel cell stack and the energy storage device and the controller controls an operation of the load device based on the information.
id-WO2013054034A3    abstract-A method of braking adaptation for A vehicle equipped with A regenerative braking means and A complementary braking means having different response times, comprising the generation of A braking instruction adapted to (A) said braking means, by time-filtering A braking instruction (C e) for one of said braking means.
id-JPWO2013054413A1    abstract-The power semiconductor module implements the IGBT21A for power conversion installed in the reading frame 315, the driver IC25 for generating the control signals for driving IGBT21A, and the driver IC25 for output the control signals. Relay board 4 is arranged between circuit board 1 and circuit board 1 arranged separately in IGBT21A and connects terminals 211 and 102 formed in IGBT21A.
id-US20180029482A1    abstract-An electric power transmission device includes an electric power transmission portion, a first communication portion, and a first control device controlling the electric power transmission portion and the first communication portion. A vehicle includes an electric power reception portion, a second communication portion, and a second control device controlling the electric power reception portion and the second communication portion. The first control device and the second control device determine whether or not to cause the electric power transmission portion to transmit electric power based on an instruction from a user which is provided after the user is notified of a status of electric power reception in the electric power reception portion or an estimated status of electric power reception in the electric power reception portion.
id-US20180257493A1    abstract-An electric power reception device for a vehicle is equipped with an electric power reception unit that is configured to be able to receive electric power from an electric power transmission device in a non-contact manner, a communication portion that transmits information on a position or dimension of the electric power reception unit to the electric power transmission device, and a vehicle ECU that controls the communication portion. Preferably, the vehicle ECU transmits pre-stored information to the electric power transmission device with the aid of the communication portion, before allowing a vehicle to be parked at an electric power reception position of the electric power transmission device. The information includes at least one of a size of the electric power reception unit, a size of the vehicle in which the electric power reception unit is mounted, and a mounting position of the electric power reception unit in the vehicle.
id-US9290107B2    abstract-A vehicular energy management system (EMS) determines a net total power from a traction drive load, an auxiliary device load, and a regenerative power. If the net total power is a net supply power, the EMS causes regenerative power to be provided to a power source and energy source in a controlled manner to initially charge the power source to a desired state-of-charge (SOC) and then subsequently charge the energy source. If the net total power comprises a net power load, the EMS causes power to be drawn from the power source and the energy source, with a split of the power being drawn from the power source and the energy source being based on a magnitude of the net power load. The EMS adjusts/maintains the SOC set-point of the power source and the DC link voltage based on vehicle speed and relative altitude of travel of the vehicle.
id-US8627914B2    abstract-Vehicles of embodiments of the invention are propelled by an electric motor (DC or AC motor) coupled to one of the vehicle's axles. The electric motor is powered by two or more electrical storage devices (e.g., batteries or battery banks or capacitors). The electrical storage devices are charged by alternators driven by a rotating flywheel. The flywheel is selectively coupled to a different one of the vehicle axles, such that movement of the vehicle (caused by the electric motor) causes the rotation of the flywheel.
id-US9622384B2    abstract-A combined battery charger and motor driver circuit assembly includes a plurality of power transistors arranged as a planar array, a cold plate configured to couple heat from each of the transistors in the array, a conductive power coupling fitting (also termed a bus bar), at least one capacitor, and a ferrite bead filter surrounding a necked section of the bus bar. The bus bar has a plurality of individually electrically conductive layers, each two of the layers being separated by an insulating layer, each conductive layer providing a plurality of contacts, the contacts in a layer configured to provide electrical contact, in the alternative, for power transistor collectors or power transistor emitters. The laminated bus bar is extended to form a fishtail shape along a specified section distal to the power transistors. The fish tail section terminates in two electrical contacts configured to provide electrical contact via discrete conductors to respective positive and negative battery terminals. A top surface of the capacitor is conductive at least in part. The capacitor makes electrical and thermal contact with a conductor of the laminated bus bar distal to the transistor array. A bottom surface of the capacitor is also conductive at least in part and is in electrical contact with a conductor of the laminated bus bar proximal to the transistor array.
id-US9676276B2    abstract-An electric vehicle that is serving as a mobile power supply device is provided with: a power-supplying coil that is covered by a weatherproof cover and that, together with an external power-receiving coil, forms an electromagnetic coupling circuit; and a power supplying circuit that supplies power stored in a storage cell wirelessly to the outside via the electromagnetic coupling circuit that is formed by the power-supplying coil and the external power-receiving coil.
id-US9090232B2    abstract-An ECU calculates the thermal margins of the in-wheel motors, on the basis of the thermal capacities of the in-wheel motors, the allowable limit temperatures, and the motor temperatures. Next, the ECU distributes the total requested torque between the requested torques for each wheel using the percentages of the thermal margins. The ECU controls the operation of an inverter such that the in-wheel motors generate the requested torques for the wheels. Thus, the four in-wheel motors generate uniform amounts of heat.
id-US8941275B2    abstract-A rotational axis of a first motor  102 A and a rotational axis of a second motor  102 B are disposed on the same straight line. A connector  72  of the first motor  102 A and a connector  72 B of the second motor  102 B are disposed substantially in mirror symmetric positions, and a lead conductor  92   u,    92   v,    92   w  of the first motor  102 A and a lead conductor  92   u,    92   v,    92   w  of the second motor  102 B are disposed in non-mirror symmetric positions, and a size of a relay conductor  93   u,    93   v,    93   w  of the first motor  102 A and a size of a relay conductor  93   u,    93   v,    93   w  of the second motor  102 B differ from each other.
id-US8917000B2    abstract-An arrangement structure includes: a motor including: a motor main body including a stator and a rotor, the rotor being disposed to be rotatable relative to the stator; a case member configured to store the motor main body; and a connecting conductor configured to electrically connect an inside conductor disposed inside the case member and an outside conductor disposed outside the case member; and a support device fixed to the case member and a frame member of a vehicle, the support device being configured to support the motor on the frame member, wherein the connecting conductor is arranged directly below a fixing portion where the support device is fixed to the case member.
id-US9168915B2    abstract-A vehicle includes: a motor generator for generating driving power for traveling thereof; an ECU for controlling the motor generator; and an inclination detecting unit for detecting inclination of a road surface. The ECU performs power changing driving in which the vehicle is traveled while switching the motor generator between a first state (high output state) and a second state (low output state). In the first state (high output state), driving power of a first level is generated. In the second state (low output state), the driving power is made smaller than that in the first state. When it is recognized that the vehicle is traveling on an uphill road based on the inclination detected by the inclination detecting unit, ECU sets the driving power in the first state to be larger than that set when the vehicle is traveling on a flat road.
id-US9126501B2    abstract-An electric vehicle includes a regenerative brake and a mechanical brake. The vehicle also includes a wheel bearing unit and a load sensor associated with the wheel bearing unit. The load sensor is configured to detect a load that acts between a road surface and a tire along a direction in which the vehicle travels. The vehicle also includes a load-responsive regenerative brake limiter configured to reduce a braking torque generated by the regenerative brake when an output of the load sensor reaches a preset value. A maximally actuator may be configured to calculate a maximum possible regenerative braking torque for the regenerative brake based on a rotational frequency of a wheel and a state of charge of a battery unit and to actuate the regenerative brake at a maximum torque within that commanded range.
id-JP2013132197A    abstract-[challenges] we provide a power conversion device and a charging system that can prevent the motor from becoming larger. In a power conversion device that converts dc power supplied from an external power supply to battery 1, a motor 5 with multiple windings is connected to one winding 51 of the multiple windings and outputs the alternating current from one winding 51 of the motor. The first inverter converts current power to dc power and supplies it to the battery; the second inverter, connected to another winding 52 of the multiple winding, converts dc power supplied from an external power source to ac power and supplies it to another winding 52 of the motor 5; Prepare. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-JP2013101844A    abstract-[issues] we provide technology that can suppress degradation of fuel cell catalysts in fuel cell systems. The fuel cell system 100 includes fuel cell 10 as the power supply source and secondary cell 81 as the power supply source together with fuel cell 10. After the control unit 20 of fuel cell system 100 detects the high-temperature state in which the operating temperature of fuel cell 10 is higher than the specified temperature, the temporary voltage reduction unit 20 temporarily reduces the voltage of fuel cell 10 and increases the generated water in fuel cell 10. Exercise reason When the temporary voltage drop treatment is performed, the control unit 20 changes the treatment content of the temporary voltage drop treatment according to the charging state of the secondary battery 81 and the operating state of the fuel cell 10. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-JPWO2013076836A1    abstract-When regenerative power is supplied to both the battery and the electrocatalytic system (EHC), the ECU (200) is activated when the EHC is turned off. When the battery is expected to be overcharged, the EHC is temporarily delayed (250). ECU (200) determines whether the condition that EHC should be turned off (260) is true during the EHC turn off delay. When the condition that EHC should be turned off is true, the regenerative brake torque is reduced so that the regenerative power becomes less than the battery accept power. Along with increasing the hydraulic brake torque in response to the reduction in the regenerative brake torque (270), and then releasing the EHC off delay (280).
id-US9520741B2    abstract-A system for charging an electrical storage device includes a motor drive, a DC link electrically coupled to the motor drive, and a first leg coupled to the DC link that includes a first power switch coupled in series with a second power switch via a first node. A first inductor is coupled to the first node, and a first energy storage device (ESD) is electrically coupled to the first inductor. A second leg is coupled to the DC link that includes a third power switch coupled in series with a fourth power switch via a second node. A charging circuit includes a transformer coupled to the first and second nodes. A second ESD is coupled to receive charging energy from the transformer, and a controller is configured to cause a first voltage mismatch between the first and second nodes to generate the charging energy.
id-JP5275529B1    abstract-The company provides a display device for electric vehicles that makes it easier for the passengers of electric vehicles to realize the effect of regeneration of deceleration energy. The display device (22) of the electric vehicle (10) calculates the cumulative value of the actual driving distance of the electric vehicle (10) as the first distance, detects the regeneration of the deceleration energy, and detects the product of the driving distance extended by the regeneration of the deceleration energy. The calculated value is calculated as the second distance and the first distance and the second distance are displayed using the same display section (64).
id-JP2014534120A    abstract-The invention relates to a method of blending the generator brake torque of a generator of a regenerative brake system with two brake circuits (10) and includes the following steps: One of the two brake circuits (10) is controlled to blend mode, in which case the master brake linker (18) of the brake system and the storage capacity part of the brake circuit (10) that is controlled to blend mode are controlled. The liquid pressure connection between (48a) and (48a) is released at least temporarily so that the brake fluid is transferred from the master brake linder (18) to the storage volume part (48a) of the brake circuit (10), which is controlled to blend mode, in order to reduce the amount of the brake fluid. However, the other brake circuit of the two brake circuits is controlled into non-blended mode, where the liquid connection between the master brake Linda (18) and the storage volume part of the controlled brake circuit (12) is controlled into non-blended mode It is cut off during non-blend mode. The invention is also concerned with a control device (100) for a regenerative brake system comprising two brake circuits (10, 12). Selection diagram: figure 1c
id-JPWO2013080334A1    abstract-A transmission device comprising a first battery (111) that stores DC power, a dc-ac conversion unit (121a) that converts DC power into AC power, a transmission antenna (122a) that transmits wireless power, and a transmission device that wirelessly receives AC power transmitted from the transmission antenna A receiving unit includes a receiving antenna (123a) for electricity, an ac-dc conversion unit (201a) for converting AC power to DC power, a motor (M) for driving the wheel, which is mounted on the hub of the wheel, and a receiving unit for storing DC power received by the receiving unit. The second battery (212a), the inverter (203a) that converts the dc power of the second battery into alternating current power, the torque control unit (222) that controls the rotational drive of the motor, and the allowance system that controls the wireless power supply of the power receiving unit from the power transmission unit It has a part (221), and the transmission surface of the transmission antenna and the receiving surface of the receiving antenna are arranged horizontally opposite to the ground.
id-WO2013072609A1    abstract-A competition electric vehicle or single-energy powertrain assembly comprising a transmission by a sliding and permanent mechanical powertrain upstream and downstream of an unsynchronized gear transmission without clutch or coupler. Electronic means of control selectively control the said engine: in torque during propulsion without change of gear, and in speed during a phase of change of gear between two gears. According to another aspect, the invention also provides a method of managing the propulsion, which includes control of the gear changes up and down comprising: disengagement of a first gear, including a control of the engine to undo the transmitted torque, calculation of a set speed compatible with a second gear, control of the engine in speed to bring it to said set speed, engagement of said second gear, and return to a control in torque. The invention further relates to such a system and method wherein the reduction of speed is achieved by controlling means for the recovery of electrical energy to their maximum capacity; And/or gear passes are controlled by pneumatic actuators acting respectively in ascending, descending and blocking at the neutral point in one direction.
id-WO2013077346A1    abstract-In fact to provide a vehicle drive force control device that can improve safety when the selected shift range and the displayed shift range differ. The driving force control device of the vehicle of the invention displays the driving source (1) that can transmit torque relative to the driving wheel (6l, 6r), the range selection part (8) for selecting the range selection part (8), and the range selection part (8) for selecting the range selection part (8). The range display judgment unit (step S3), which determines whether the selected shift range is consistent with the displayed shift range, and the driving force control unit (step S4). Moreover, when it is judged that the selected shift range is inconsistent with the displayed shift range, the drive force control unit (step S4) disallows the torque transmission from the drive source (1) to the drive wheel (6l, 6r).
id-US20130127243A1    abstract-A power converter includes positive and negative input lines and an input capacitor coupled across the input lines. The power converter also includes a switch coupled across the input lines that includes a control contact and an additional contact. The power converter also includes switch controller coupled to the control contact and that includes positive and negative input connections. The power converter also includes a contactor diagnostic supply interface coupled between the positive input connection and the additional contact.
id-JPWO2013080335A1    abstract-The first battery (111), the DC to AC conversion unit (121a) for converting direct current to alternating current, the transmission unit including the transmission antenna (122a), and the receiving antenna (123a) for receiving alternating current transmitted from the transmission antenna A receiving unit including an ac-dc conversion unit (201a) for DC conversion, a motor (M) installed on the hub for driving the wheel, a second battery (212a) for storing DC power received by the receiving unit, and an alternating current for DC power from the second battery According to the inverter (203a) for power conversion, the torque control part (222) for rotation control of the motor, the allowance control part (221) for power supply from the power transmission part to the power receiving part, the steering Angle detection part, and the steering Angle control part. A relative Angle calculation unit calculates the relative Angle between the transmission surface of the transmission antenna and the receiving surface of the receiving antenna. The allowance control unit controls the transmission unit to wirelessly supply the receiving unit when the relative Angle is less than the specified Angle.
id-EP2591960A1    abstract-The subject of the invention isa method of electric assistance for braking a vehicle with motor (M), said motor (M) comprising an electric motor (10) coupled to a main shaft (20) driving a wheel (22) of the vehicle, a wheel (22) of the vehicle being equipped with a mechanical braking device (48) actuated by a hydraulic circuit (47), The method consists of capturing information in the hydraulic circuit (47) and using said information as a set of braking torque generated by the electric motor (10) and exerted on the main shaft (20), the information captured in the hydraulic circuit (47) being a pressure measurement (P) of the fluid, said pressure measurement (P) being carried out by a sensor (60) disposed at the outlet of the pressure setting device (56) of the hydraulic circuit (47), The pressure measurement (P) being transmitted to the control means (34) of the electric motor (10) in the form of an electric voltage signal (T), and said signal being used by said control means (34) for the calculation of a brake torque set (C) applied to the electric motor, the method being characterized in that said electric brake torque set (C) is proportional to the voltage (T) resulting from the pressure sensor (60), And in that the proportionality factor (K) between the output voltage (T) of the sensor (60) and the set (C) is parameterized in the control means (34).
