id-US10052958B2    abstract-A vehicle is provided that connects to an power structure for powering and guiding the vehicle. The power structure includes a trolley, a track along which the trolley runs, a power source connected to the track, and a cable connected to the trolley and configured to attach to the vehicle moving on a surface. The vehicle includes a chassis and a cable connected to the chassis and configured to mechanically and electrically connect the vehicle to the power structure. The chassis includes a connector rotatable 360 degrees, and the cable connects to the chassis through the connector.
id-US9216639B2    abstract-If the accelerator is on upon restarting a driving force source in travel mode by the time when the vehicle comes to a standstill after the driving force source is manually operated to stop while the vehicle is traveling, a control device for the vehicle implements first control in which the driving force output to the drive wheels is gradually increased. If the accelerator is on upon switching to the travel mode following restarting of the driving force source in the neutral mode and by the time the vehicle comes to a standstill after the driving force source is manually operated to stop while the vehicle is traveling, the control device implements second control in which the driving force output to the drive wheels is increased. The first control increases the driving force not as much as the second control increases the driving force.
id-WO2013115498A1    abstract-The invention refers to a small power generation contribution which is produced by dividing the reinput power which is designed by multiple units installed on the rotating shaft of the electric vehicle where the wheels not equipped with the main driving motor of the electric vehicle are located and interlocking with the rotation of the rotating shaft; Execute the charging function by the power generated by the above small power donation, supply the action power of the electric and electronic circuits of the electric vehicle and the driving power of the main driving motor, and the charging unit equipped with a battery mounted inside the trunk of the electric vehicle; It provides a driving power supply system and its control method, which consists of a control module that controls the functions of the driving power supply system of the electric vehicle, including the function of handling abnormalities in the above small generator unit. The above invention is made by placing multiple small generators on the rotating shaft of an electric vehicle and injecting the power generated from the small generators back into the self-generator to generate the target power and charge the electric vehicle battery, Electric cars are mounted on the rotating axis of revenge. Own electricity produced by the generator power again to go to the goal of high-efficiency energy to produce electricity to charge the battery electric cars to drive electric cars because of separate old COINS won because there's no need to install the electric car according to considerable reduction 제조비용 effect.
id-JP2013154780A    abstract-[challenges] even if the pump pressure and the driver brake operation overlap, the brake operation can be reflected. When increasing the differential pressure of the first and second differential pressure control valves 16 and 36, calculate the correction amount according to the differential pressure increase, and correct the differential pressure indication value according to the correction amount to be larger than the differential pressure increase amount. For example, the M/C pressure reduction is calculated from the W/C pressure increase amount corresponding to the difference pressure increase amount, and the M/C pressure reduction amount is used as the correction amount. By adding the W/C pressure increase amount to the M/C pressure reduction amount, the differential pressure indication of the first and second differential pressure control valves 16 and 36 is obtained. . As a result, even if the pump is pressurized during the driver's brake operation, it is possible to generate W/C pressure by adding W/C increase to the M/C pressure originally generated corresponding to the driver's intended brake operation. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-WO2013108766A1    abstract-To achieve cooling of the driving battery located in the battery room while reducing the front and rear dimensions of the vehicle and making effective use of the top surface space. Cooling the running battery 31 located in the rear room (3) by cooling air from the cooling fan (52). In the battery cooling structure of the FF plug-in hybrid vehicle, the running battery (31) is extended from one end in the width direction of the rear room 3 to the other end. The cooling fan (52) is arranged in the upper surface space of the running battery (31) at one end of the upper surface space toward one side of the width direction of the vehicle.
id-JPWO2013105248A1    abstract-The voltage of the filter capacitor, which stores the power supplied from the overhead power line, is converted to the desired ac voltage. In the gas car control device, proportional control system 31, overhead line voltage ES and overhead line current IS are used to calculate the VCEESL of suppressing the regenerative torque of the motor based on the filter capacitor voltage EFC in the light load regenerative control computing unit 18. A regenerative power control system 32 is provided, which calculates the WEFCLMP regenerative torque based on the circuit power and the torque pattern PTRN as the torque instruction, and VCEESL as the output of proportional control system 31 and the regenerative power The addition output of the power control system 32, WEFCLMP, is taken as the torque control amount (torque reduction amount) to control the regenerative torque of the motor.
id-US8543273B2    abstract-A controller unit facilitates determining that a fast approaching forward vehicle has breached a fast approach threshold and may initiate brake regeneration to slow a commercial hybrid host vehicle in which the controller is employed. The controller determines whether there is capacity in the state of charge (SOC) of a high voltage battery to permit brake regeneration, and/or determines whether there is capacity in on board air tanks to permit a compressor motor to compress air, thereby drawing charge from the battery to create brake regeneration capacity. When battery SOC is below a predetermined threshold and a fast approaching vehicle breaches a fast approach threshold, the controller sends a brake regeneration command to a traction motor to act as a generator to supply charge to the battery, which in turn slows the vehicle.
id-US9061576B2    abstract-Embodiments of the invention describe vehicles including a wheel (e.g., a front wheel or wheels), a wheel hub, a motor included in the wheel hub to transmit power to the wheel, one or more rolling bearings to support the wheel hub and having one or more rolling elements to enable rolling of the wheel, and a steering axle placed within the wheel hub for steering the wheel. Embodiments also describe a wheel (e.g., a rear wheel or wheels), a wheel hub, a motor included in the wheel hub to transmit power to the wheel, and a swing arm assembly having a first and a second end, the first end rotatably coupled to a steering axle, the second end coupled to the motor. As described below, embodiments of the invention decrease volume necessary for a vehicle's drivetrain, while not adversely affecting the potential for vehicle interior volume and vehicle maneuverability.
id-US9366012B2    abstract-An electrically driven working vehicle that requiring reduced power assistance from an electrical storage device is provided. The vehicle has an engine, a generator motor connected to the engine, a generator inverter for controlling the amount of power generated by the generator motor, a traveling motor for driving the vehicle, an electrical storage device connected to the generator inverter and the traveling motor, and a forward/reverse switching device for switching the traveling direction of the vehicle. The vehicle further includes a control device for outputting to the generator inverter an instruction to increase the amount of power generated by the generator motor when the voltage of the electrical storage device is equal to or lower than a maximum voltage level and a speed signal of the traveling motor given upon switching of the forward/reverse switching device is equal to or lower than a predetermined speed.
id-EP2626258A1    abstract-A motor controller unit facilitates modifying pressure thresholds for an air compressor motor in a hybrid commercial vehicle as a function of vehicle pitch and comprises a memory that stores computer-executable instructions for modifying compressor cut-in and cut-out pressure thresholds as a function of vehicle pitch, and a processor configured to execute the computer-executable instructions. The instructions comprise monitoring a pitch of the vehicle, and determining that the vehicle is on an uphill grade. The instructions further comprise reducing compressor cut-in and cut-out pressure thresholds for an on-board air compressor motor to conserve state-of-charge until the pitch of the vehicle falls below a predetermined level, and, once the pitch of the vehicle falls below a predetermined percentage of the maximum pitch detected on the uphill grade, increasing the compressor cut-in and cut-out pressure thresholds to increase available braking pressure and brake regeneration opportunities for the vehicle.
id-US11161403B2    abstract-A method and apparatus for delivering power to a hybrid vehicle is disclosed. The apparatus includes an apparatus for delivering power to a hybrid vehicle, the hybrid vehicle including a powertrain having a power take-off coupling, the powertrain including an engine and a transmission. The apparatus includes an electric motor operable to generate a torque, the motor being coupled to transmit a starting torque through the power take-off of the powertrain for starting the engine.
id-WO2013125010A1    abstract-Provide an electric car with a circuit to discharge a capacitor that smoothes the current in the power converter. Hybrid vehicle 2 has current smoothing capacitor C1, discharge circuit 20 and discharge controller 6. The discharge circuit 20 is connected in parallel with the capacitor C1. The discharge circuit 20 includes a series circuit consisting of a first resistor 23, a PTC thermistor 24, and a switch 21. Discharge controller 6 closes the switch when predetermined discharge conditions are met. When the discharge controller closes the switch, a current begins to flow through the first resistance and the PTC thermistor. Initially, due to the low temperature of the PTC thermistor, a large current flows through the first resistance and capacitor C1 is quickly discharged. If the current inflow into the discharge circuit continues beyond what is expected, the PTC thermistors themselves heat up, raising the temperature and increasing the resistance. In this way, the current flowing into the first resistance is suppressed and the heat generated by the first resistance is suppressed.
id-US20130211798A1    abstract-A method a system and method for optimizing the power distribution between a fuel cell stack and a high voltage battery in a fuel cell vehicle. The method includes defining a virtual battery hydrogen power for the battery that is based on a relationship between a battery power request from the battery and an efficiency of the battery and defining a virtual stack hydrogen power for the fuel cell stack that is based on a relationship between a stack power request from the fuel cell stack and an efficiency of the fuel cell stack. The virtual battery hydrogen power and the virtual stack hydrogen power are converted into polynomial equations and added together to provide a combined power polynomial equation. The combined power polynomial equation is solved to determine a minimum of the fuel cell stack power request by setting a derivative of the virtual stack hydrogen power to zero.
id-WO2013129231A1    abstract-At least the first battery that supplies power to the motor 30; the second battery that supplies power to the first load other than the motor 30; A first power converter for output dc power to a load or a second battery;
id-US9281728B2    abstract-An electric machine includes a stator device having axial first cooling channels, and second and third cooling channels. The third cooling channels are arranged in the first cooling channels and extend at least substantially along an entire axial length thereof. The stator device is configured for inflow and outflow of a liquid cooling medium at least partially through the second cooling channels and for the liquid cooling medium to be conducted through the third cooling channels. A rotor is arranged on a rotor shaft for rotation around a rotational axis. Limiting elements are mounted on the stator device axially on both sides to thereby bound an internal rotor space which is in communication with axial ends of the first cooling channels of the stator device to thereby establish an internal air-cooling circuit from the internal rotor space through the first cooling channels and back into the internal rotor space.
id-US20170072808A1    abstract-The present invention may include a towable trailer being mechanically couplable to a vehicle, the towable trailer including an auxiliary battery housing unit, a wheel being rotatably connected to the towable trailer, an auxiliary battery disposed within the auxiliary battery housing unit of the towable trailer, the vehicle including a storage battery, the auxiliary battery of the towable trailer being electrically couplable with the storage battery of the vehicle via a bidirectional pathway, and a control system configured to control a transfer of electrical energy between the auxiliary battery of the towable trailer and the storage battery of the vehicle along the bidirectional pathway.
id-US9731616B2    abstract-An electric locomotive includes a first control line and DC buses laid between couplers, a power storage device connected to the DC buses, and a DC/DC converter that executes charge and discharge control with respect to the power storage device. A non-powered vehicle includes DC buses connected to the DC buses via a coupler, a second control line, a power storage device connected to the DC buses via a circuit breaker, and a BMU that manages the power storage device. The DC/DC converter executes power accumulation control with respect to the power storage device and power accumulation control with respect to the power storage device. When having determined abnormality of the power storage device, the BMU controls the circuit breaker to be turned off, thereby cutting off electrical connection between the power storage device and the DC buses.
id-US9707847B2    abstract-A hybrid vehicle includes a braking device configured to apply a frictional braking torque to a vehicle wheel in response to movement of an input member of a brake pedal, an electric motor configured to apply a regenerative braking torque to the vehicle wheel, and a control unit. During braking, the control unit is configured to determine a limit value of the regenerative braking torque that can be generated in accordance with an operating condition of the charging device or the electric motor, and reduce a ratio of the regenerative braking torque to the frictional braking torque before the regenerative braking torque reaches the limit value.
id-US8712620B2    abstract-An electric vehicle is provided that can include a first generator configured to generate electric power when the electric vehicle is moving at or above a first speed and a second generator configured to generate electric power when the electric vehicle is moving below the first speed or standing at a stop. The electric vehicle can include a main electric motor that is configured to receive electric power from the first generator when the electric vehicle is moving at or above the first speed and from the second generator when the electric vehicle is moving below the first speed. The electric vehicle can also comprise an auxiliary electric motor in communication with the second generator, wherein, activation of the auxiliary electric motor causes the second generator to generate electric power. The electric vehicle can further comprise one or more batteries configured to supply electric power to the auxiliary electric motor.
id-US9200917B2    abstract-A vehicle control device that controls a vehicle, including a route detecting unit configured to detect a route to a destination, a travel load calculating unit configured to calculate travel load information of the route, and a travel plan calculating unit configured to calculate a travel plan including a drive mode of each section of the route based on the route and the travel load information of the route, wherein the travel load calculating unit changes a level of detail of the section which is used for calculating the travel load information according to a distance from a present location to the destination.
id-US8798900B2    abstract-A charge point notification system includes a center device and an in-vehicle device disposed in an electric vehicle. The system provides a notification regarding a charge point based on a comparison between a required energy for traveling to a nearby charge point from a node that is close to the nearby charge point, and a remaining energy of the electric vehicle. The system does not generate a notification when the remaining energy is greater than the required energy by an amount greater than a first threshold. The system generates the notification, which is to be provided to the user via the in-vehicle device, when the remaining energy is greater than the required energy by an amount that is in between the first threshold and a second threshold, which is less than the first threshold, and when the nearby charge point exists within a first distance range from the electric vehicle.
id-US9789764B2    abstract-A motor vehicle electrical power distribution system includes a plurality of distribution sub-systems, an electrical power storage sub-system and a plurality of switching devices for selective connection of elements of and loads on the power distribution system to the electrical power storage sub-system. A state transition initiator provides inputs to control system operation of switching devices to change the states of the power distribution system. The state transition initiator has a plurality of positions selection of which can initiate a state transition. The state transition initiator can emulate a four position rotary ignition switch. Fail safe power cutoff switches provide high voltage switching device protection.
id-US9987930B2    abstract-A railroad network ( 10 ) having a track ( 12 ), a network energy supply ( 14 ) and a plurality of trains ( 16 ) that are connectable to the network energy supply ( 14 ) via means ( 20 ) for connecting the train ( 16 ) to the network energy supply ( 14 ) and each have an internal energy storage system ( 24 ) for receiving and storing energy originating from said train ( 16 ) or from trains ( 16 ) of the railroad network ( 10 ) and for supplying energy to said train ( 16 ) or to trains ( 16 ) of the railroad network ( 10 ). Each train ( 16 ) is able to switch from an operational state in which it is able to move along the system of rails ( 12 ) and an idle state in which it is unable to move along the system of rails ( 12 ) and vice versa.      At least one of the trains ( 16 ) of the railroad network ( 10 ) is in the idle and energized state at the same time, its internal energy storage system ( 24 ) being connected to the network energy supply ( 14 ).
id-US20130258734A1    abstract-An apparatus for controlling a voltage converting apparatus controls a voltage converting apparatus capable of performing one-arm drive using either a first arm or a second arm by alternatively switching on a first switching element and a second switching element each of which is connected to a reactor in series. The apparatus for controlling the voltage converting apparatus is provided with: a current detecting device for detecting a reactor current; an average value estimating device for estimating an average value of the reactor current in units of periods of a gate signal for changing on and off of each of the first switching element and the second switching element, by using the detected reactor current; and a controlling device for controlling operation of the voltage converting apparatus on the basis of the estimated average value of the reactor current.
id-US10059323B2    abstract-A vehicle driving system includes: a left wheel driving system having a first motor and a first speed changer; a right wheel driving system having a second motor and a second speed changer; a motor controller which controls the first motor and the second motor, a rotation restricting unit which can be shifted between a released state and an applied state; and a rotation restricting unit controller which controls the rotation restricting unit. When the rotation restricting unit controller shifts the rotation restricting unit from the applied state to the released state, the motor controller controls the first motor and the second motor so that a torque sum of the first motor and the second motor approaches zero while maintaining a torque difference between the first motor and the second motor.
id-US9056612B2    abstract-A driving force control device for a hybrid vehicle includes: a travel load calculation unit adapted to divide a predicted route from a current position to a predetermined distance ahead into a plurality of intervals, and to estimate a travel load in each interval; a recommended discharge amount calculation unit adapted to search for a regeneration possible interval, in which a travel condition required by a driver can be maintained even when an output of an internal combustion engine is stopped and regeneration is performed by a motor/generator, from an estimation result, and to estimate a charge amount expected value in the regeneration possible interval, and distributes the charge amount expected value preferentially to an adjacent interval to the regeneration possible interval as a recommended discharge amount in order to stop the output of the internal combustion engine; and an energy management unit that controls an operation of the motor/generator in the current position on the basis of a travel condition, a state of charge, and the recommended discharge amount in the current position.
id-US9376998B2    abstract-A device for controlling a vehicle is configured to determine whether or not a relay is fixedly closed before a vehicle travels and after a driver operates an ignition, and the driving of a starter motor and an SSG motor is inhibited when the relay is determined to be fixedly closed.
id-JP2013198397A    abstract-[challenges] to provide removal equipment that takes into account various environments outside the vehicle. The first connection part 2 of the vehicle is connected to the plug 93 of the power extraction device and has the first connection part 21, which is capable of supplying power to the power storage device B and at least one of the power stored in the power storage device to the outside. The second connection part 31 is connected to 1, which is the extraction device for extracting power from the vehicle, and the second connection part 31 is connected to the first connection part 21, which is arranged on the outer surface of the vehicle, and the third connection part 32 is capable of connecting the external connection plug 82 for connecting the external device and the extraction device. The third connection part 32 contains the connection surface 30 for connecting the external connection plug, and the normal 46 of the connection surface 30 extending from the connection surface 30 to the outside slopes downward with respect to the horizontal direction when the extraction device is connected to the first connection part 21. . Selection diagram: figure 1
id-EP2639091A1    abstract-A front drivetrain (10) capable of providing all-wheel drive to a rear-wheel drive architecture. The front drivetrain (10) is coupled to the front end of the crank shaft (C) and includes a power-split planetary gear arrangement (12) that couples an electric machine (14) to the front drivetrain (10). In one embodiment, the planetary gear arrangement (12) includes a sun gear (24) coupled to the crank shaft (C), a planetary gear set (26) with a carrier (28) coupled to the driveshaft (16), a ring gear (32) coupled to the electric machine (14). The driveshaft (16) may be connected to left and right front axles (20, 22)by a bevel gear set (18) and a differential. In an alternative embodiment, sun gear (24) may be coupled to the electric machine (14) and the ring gear (32) can be coupled to the crank shaft (C). In this alternative embodiment, the planetary gear set (26) remain coupled to the driveshaft (16).
id-JP2013180729A    abstract-[challenges] to provide a harnesses coordination structure for electric vehicles that prevents interference between the charging harnesses when connecting the power unit and the charging port with a rapid charging harness or a normal charging harnesses. Solution: the normal body side binding point 53a of the first normal charging harness clip 53 fixed on the body; The general charging harness 44 between a and the first rapid charging harness clip 51 fixed on the vehicle body and the second rapid charging harness clip 52 fixed on the power unit 10 elastically supported on the vehicle body and the rapid charging harness 44 between a and the first rapid charging harness clip 51 fixed on the vehicle body and the rapid charging harness clip 52 fixed on the power unit 10 Reduces the length of the rapid charging harness 43 between the unit side restraint point 52a. Select diagram: figure 8
id-EP2639097A2    abstract-A control device for an electric motor car comprising: a switch which is installed between a power supply source and a power line drawn through the electric motor car; a battery which supplies power to a main motor of the electric motor car; a step-up unit, which is installed between the power line and the battery, configured to increase a voltage; and a control unit which breaks a connection between the power supply source and the power line using the switch when braking the electric motor car, increases the power supplied from the battery using the step-up unit, and performs regenerative braking in the main motor to which the increased power is supplied.
id-US20130257381A1    abstract-A battery pack management system adjusts the relative state-of-charge of respective battery blocks in a battery pack to equalize (i.e., align, balance or otherwise make similar) the peak battery block voltages (i.e., maximum or “upper peak” battery block voltages when the battery pack is being charged and/or minimum or “lower peak” battery block voltages when the battery is being discharged). Upon detecting an anomalous battery block that exhibits outlier upper and lower peak voltages, the battery pack management system adjusts the relative state of charge of respective battery blocks to center their respective upper and lower peak voltages between operating limits, thus maximizing the operating margin of the battery pack as a whole.
id-US20150321661A1    abstract-A drive control device for a hybrid vehicle is provided with a differential device including four rotary elements; and an engine, first and second electric motors and an output rotary member which are respectively connected to the four rotary elements. One of the four rotary elements is constituted by a rotary component of a first differential mechanism and a rotary component of a second differential mechanism selectively connected through a clutch, and one of the rotary components is selectively fixed to a stationary member through a brake. The drive control device comprises: an engine start control portion configured to switch an operating state of the clutch during cranking of the engine to raise its speed for starting the engine. The engine start control portion includes: a first clutch controlling portion configured to place the clutch in one of a released state and an engaged state in which a difference between a first dwelling speed to be established in a first half period of a rise of a speed of the engine and a first resonance speed of a drive line extending from the engine to the first electric motor connected to the first differential mechanism through a torsional damper is larger in the other of the released and engaged states, the first resonance speed corresponding to an explosion 1-order frequency of the engine; and a second clutch controlling portion configured to place the clutch in one of the released and engaged states in which a difference between a second dwelling speed to be established in a second half period of the rise of the speed of the engine and a predetermined second resonance speed of the drive line is larger in the other of the released and engaged states, the predetermined second resonance speed corresponding to a revolution 0.5-order pulsation frequency of the engine.
id-JPWO2013141259A1    abstract-The motor control unit obtains the first motor target rotation MA2 of the first motor 2a, the first motor actual rotation MA1, the second motor target rotation MB2 of the second motor 2b and the second motor actual rotation MB1, and obtains the first motor target rotation of the first motor 2a. The first rotation speed difference DA between the number MA2 and the actual rotation speed of the first motor MA1 and the second rotation speed difference DB between the target rotation speed MB2 of the second motor 2b and the actual rotation speed MB1 of the second motor were obtained. The first and second rotation control torque SM1 and SM2 are calculated based on the smaller rotation number difference, and the first motor torque M1 of the first motor 2a and the second motor 2b are calculated based on the first and second rotation control torque SM1 and SM2. "Tattork M2".
id-US20130261864A1    abstract-In a method of obtaining a rotation speed of a right wheel (RWr), the method includes: detecting a motor rotation speed detection value (LMa) using a resolver ( 20 A); detecting a wheel rotation speed detection value (LWa) using a wheel speed sensor ( 13 A); obtaining a ring gear rotation speed conversion value (Rb) based on the motor rotation speed detection value (LMa) and the wheel rotation speed detection value (LWa); detecting a motor rotation speed detection value (RMa) using the resolver ( 20 B); obtaining a wheel rotation speed conversion value (RWb) based on the ring gear rotation speed conversion value (Rb) and the motor rotation speed detection value (RMa); detecting a wheel rotation speed detection value (RWa) using a wheel speed sensor ( 20 B); and selecting the wheel rotation speed conversion value (RWb) or the wheel rotation speed detection value (RWa), whichever is greater, as the rotation speed of the right wheel (RWr).
id-WO2013137100A1    abstract-A continuously variable transmission with belt type transmission mechanism 7 and a power transmission device with an electric motor 4 that can regenerate the kinetic energy of the vehicle as electrical energy. The power transmission device can bypass the transmission mechanism 7 between the input shaft 17 and the output shaft 19 of the continuously variable transmission. The gear set 5 has a power disconnection mechanism 11 that can interrupt the power transmission of the gear set 5. The power disconnection mechanism 11 is supported on the input shaft 17 or the output shaft 19 of the continuously variable transmission so that it can move in the axis direction and has a clamping groove on the outer circumference. It has sitting member 11a and ring member 11b, which is rotationally driven by gear set 5 and has A clamping groove in the inner ring. During regeneration, it becomes the fastening state in which the clamping grooves of the two become clamping, so as to achieve more efficient power regeneration.
id-JP2015134509A    abstract-[challenges] a single actuator can realize the three modes of the motor drive system in a hybrid vehicle: the connection state, the shutdown state, and the rotation-locking state. Solution: ring gear 31r of planetary gear group 31 is fixed, carrier 31c is coupled to the driving wheel through the final gear 11, and sun gear 31s is coupled to the clutch hub 34. The inner teeth of the coupling sleeve 35 are meshed with the outer teeth of the clutch hub 34, and the clutch gears 36 and 37 are configured concentric on both sides of the axial direction of the clutch hub 34. Clutch gears 36 and 37 are connected to motor shaft 2a and carrier 31c respectively. Coupling sleeve 35 causes the electric motor 2 to disconnect from the motor drive system of the final gear set 11 (wheel 5) at the neutral (N) position, and the electric motor 2 to engage with the outer teeth of the clutch gear 36 at the drive coupling (L) position. The motor drive system connected to the inner gear group 11 (wheel 5) is in the state of interlocking the planetary gear group 31 by meshing the outer teeth of the clutch gear 37 at the parking (P) position. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-JPWO2013132606A1    abstract-When the power generator switches from the driving state to another operating mode, the power conversion device is connected to a rotating motor with a field winding and an armature winding, and the motor is controlled according to an external operation command. The power conversion device of a vehicle power generator electric motor that enables the operating mode to be changed quickly without unintended power generation, overgeneration, or excessive torque variation by switching the stopping method of the drive mode according to the operating mode of the destination. Provide a method of controlling the electric generator for the vehicle.
id-US20130241279A1    abstract-Systems and methods for discharging a high voltage bus of an electric vehicle are disclosed. In some instances, the discharge components coupled to the high voltage bus may be located in different remotely located portions of the electric vehicle to increase reliability of the high voltage bus discharge system.
id-US9457802B2    abstract-A vehicle executing a turn will most likely be slowed down before the turn and when a driver activates a turn signal to indicate the turn, a vehicle internal controller uses this information to engage regenerative braking for energy recapture while slowing down the vehicle for the pending turn. Since the turn signal is usually activated very early in the turn event, and turns are an ongoing, frequent part of driving, a greater overall vehicle efficiency can be realized without special effort from the driver. Implementation is relatively simple for the manufacturer and adds no cost since the controllers and sensors are already installed on nearly all roadworthy vehicles. Fuel mileage and vehicle driving ranges are improved on a large scale and brake system wear is reduced.
id-US8712616B2    abstract-A vehicle is provided with at least one wheel and a motor that is coupled to the wheel. The motor is configured to provide regenerative brake torque. The vehicle also includes at least one controller that is configured to predict future powertrain oscillation based on input indicative of a wheel speed and a total brake torque. The controller is also configured to control the motor to reduce the regenerative brake torque prior to the powertrain oscillation.
id-US9315114B2    abstract-A device for controlling an electric vehicle includes: a feedforward computation unit that is configured to input a motor torque instruction value and compute a first torque target value by feedforward computation; and a motor torque control unit that is configured to control a motor torque according to the first torque target value. The feedforward computation unit includes: a vehicle model which is configured to input the motor torque instruction value to model a characteristic from the motor torque to a drive shaft torsional angular velocity; and a drive shaft torsional angular velocity feedback model which is configured to feed back the drive shaft torsional angular velocity output from the vehicle model to the motor torque instruction value to compute the first torque target value.
id-US9849792B2    abstract-A vehicle includes a motor serving as a driving source configured to run the vehicle, and a high-power and high-capacity assembled batteries, each of the assembled batteries being formed to include secondary batteries configured to supply an electric power to the motor, the secondary batteries of the assembled batteries being housed in different cases. The high-power and high-capacity assembled batteries are arranged around a luggage space located in a rearward portion of the vehicle. The high-power assembled battery is chargeable and dischargeable with a current larger than a current in the high-capacity assembled battery. The high-capacity assembled battery has an energy capacity larger than an energy capacity of the high-power assembled battery. The high-capacity assembled battery is arranged above or below the high-power assembled battery in the vehicle, and at least a portion of the high-capacity assembled battery protrudes from the high-power assembled battery rearward in the vehicle.
id-WO2013164979A1    abstract-During regenerative braking, a brake controller mounted on a vehicle equipped with a pair of drive wheels and a pair of non-drive wheels reduces the brake downstream pressure on the brake device corresponding to the drive wheel compared with the brake upstream pressure, thereby reducing the brake downstream pressure corresponding to the brake device corresponding to the non-drive wheel. The upstream pressure of the brake generated by the master cylinder and the downstream pressure of the brake actuator are controlled so that the pressure downstream of the brake applied to the device is increased more than the upstream pressure of the brake.
id-US20130270898A1    abstract-A power converter control system includes a first power converter, at least one additional power converter, a first control module, and an additional control module. The first power converter receives direct current and outputs alternating current as a first power output. The additional power converter receives direct current and outputs alternating current as an additional power output. The first control module controls timing of events of the first power converter. The additional control module is associated with the additional power converter and controls timing of events of the additional power converter. The first control module communicates first information regarding the timing of the first power converter to the additional control module. The additional control module is configured to adjust the timing of the additional power converter to correspond with the timing of the first power converter.
id-US20130274971A1    abstract-An adjustable regenerative limit and warning system and method for controlling regenerative energy of a vehicle. The system includes a battery, a motor, a processor and an indicator. The motor provides regenerative energy to the battery during deceleration of the vehicle. The processor determines instantaneous or calculated traction loss of the vehicle and controls or limits the regenerative energy provided to the battery to avoid or reduce such traction loss. A drive mode having a predetermined regenerative energy capability is selected by the processor for limiting the regenerative energy. Sensors coupled with the battery sense characteristics of the battery for provision to the processor for determining a charge capability of the battery. If the charge capability for the battery is lower than the regenerative energy capable by the drive mode, the regenerative energy may be further limited and a warning or notification transmitted to a user of the vehicle.
id-JP2013223373A    abstract-[issues] depending on the driving scene of the vehicle, vibration of the output shaft torque may occur due to an unsensitive zone where the drive motor torque is not transferred to the drive shaft torque of the vehicle. [solution] the control device of an electric vehicle controls the torque of the motor connected to the drive wheel by setting the motor torque command value based on the vehicle information. The filter processing to reduce the natural vibration frequency is applied to the motor torque setpoint, and the motor torque is controlled according to the final torque setpoint after the filter processing. Select diagram in figure 7.
id-US9621089B2    abstract-A control apparatus of an AC generator for a vehicle can obtain large regeneration energy without making the size of the generator large. In the control apparatus in which an AC output current is rectified and supplied to a vehicle mounted battery ( 6 ) and an electric load of the vehicle, provision is made for a regulator ( 5 ) that controls a continuity rate of electric power supply to a field coil ( 3 ) of a generator ( 1 ) by controlling an output voltage of the generator ( 1 ). The regulator ( 5 ) suppresses the continuity rate of electric power supply to the field coil ( 3 ) at the time of steady operation of the vehicle, and switches a suppression value of the continuity rate of electric power supply so as to increase the continuity rate of electric power supply at the time of deceleration operation of the vehicle.
id-WO2013159887A1    abstract-The invention relates to an automobile (10), having the first high-voltage energy system (12), the first high-voltage energy source (16), having a first intermediate circle (18) associated with it, and at least one high-voltage consumer (24,26) associated with the first circle (18). According to the design, it is also planned to construct a second high-volt energy system (14), which includes a second high-volt energy source (28), a second circle related to it (30), and at least one high-volt consumer connected to the second circle (30) (36).
id-US10205404B2    abstract-A power converter control system includes a first power converter, at least one additional power converter, a first control module, and an additional control module. The first power converter receives direct current and outputs alternating current as a first power output. The additional power converter receives direct current and outputs alternating current as an additional power output. The first control module controls timing of events of the first power converter. The additional control module is associated with the additional power converter and controls timing of events of the additional power converter. The first control module communicates first information regarding the timing of the first power converter to the additional control module. The additional control module is configured to adjust the timing of the additional power converter to correspond with the timing of the first power converter.
id-WO2013157239A1    abstract-[problem] in a retarder equipped with an induction motor, a rotation speed sensor to detect the rotation speed of the induction motor is unnecessary. A retarder (10) consists of an induction motor (11) coupled to the output shaft (43) of the transmission (42) and a control part (12) used to control the induction motor (11). The control part (12) is composed of: Information detected by the rotation speed sensor of the engine (40) and information indicating the gear status of the transmission (42) are obtained from the side of the vehicle (1) (outside of the inverter (10)), and the rotation of the induction motor (11) is obtained based on this information. The derived speed controls the induction motor (11) based on the derived rotation speed.
id-US20130278051A1    abstract-An apparatus for transferring electrical current between a first component and a second component includes at least one transfer conductor directing electrical current between the first and second components including a plurality of overlapping conducting layers each arranged in parallel with the directed electrical current and a plurality of insulation layers each disposed between alternating ones of the conducting layers.
id-WO2013162431A1    abstract-The invention concerns a method, charging control arrangement, vehicle charging system, computer program and computer program product for charging a vehicle (14) travelling along a road (18) using a charging element (22) provided in or on the road (18). The charging control arrangement (28) receives vehicle data (VD) from the vehicle travelling on the road (18), analyses the vehicle data, selects whether the vehicle (14) is to be charged or not based on the analysing, and in case the vehicle is to be charged: selects the charging element (22) to charge the vehicle, determines a charging time interval, and controls energizing of the charging element as the vehicle travels past it during the charging time interval in order to charge the vehicle.
id-WO2013157318A1    abstract-The vibration damping control device of electric vehicles with the function of setting the motor torque command value based on vehicle information and controlling the motor torque connected to the drive wheel is used to filter the motor torque command value to suppress the vehicle spring vibration. At the same time, the motor torque command value is subjected to a filter treatment to suppress torsional vibration of the drive shaft, a filter treatment to suppress spring vibration of the vehicle, and a filter to suppress torsional vibration of the drive shaft. Control motor torque according to the ring-treated motor torque command value.
id-US8646550B2    abstract-Vehicle wheels may be equipped with a stator and rotor to induce current to generate electricity as the vehicle wheels rotate or to slow down the vehicle wheels in response to the application of a brake of the vehicle. Air may be sucked through the vehicle wheels through mesh screens to create air flow that passes through ductwork to reach a turbine generator, which generates electricity in response to blade rotation from air flow. A roof mounted solar energy conversion system may generate electricity. A vehicle power supply boosts its energy from all the electricity generated.
id-US9381909B2    abstract-Systems and methods for improving operation of a hybrid vehicle are presented. In one example, a method for transitioning between driveline braking and wheel brakes is provided.
id-US9950632B2    abstract-A motor drive device includes a bridge circuit  10  having a plurality of legs with switch elements  101  in upper and lower arms. High frequency AC voltage output from the bridge circuit  10 , when it is connected to an AC power supply  1 , is converted into a DC voltage via a transformer  21  and an AC/DC conversion circuit  11 , thus charging the battery  2 . Also, the DC voltage of the battery  2  is converted into an AC voltage by the bridge circuit  10  when the AC power supply  1  is cut off from the bridge circuit  10 , and supplied to the alternating current motor  3 . Because of this, the isolating transformer  21  can be driven at high frequency while the motor driving power conversion circuit is also used for battery charging, and a reduction in size and reduction in cost of the overall device are achieved.
id-US9067500B2    abstract-Wheels may be equipped with a stator and rotor to induce current to generate electricity as the wheels rotate or to slow down the wheels in response to the application of a brake of the vehicle. Air may be sucked through the wheels through mesh screens to create air flow that passes through ductwork to reach a turbine generator, which generates electricity in response to blade rotation from air flow. A roof mounted solar energy conversion system may generate electricity. A vehicle power supply boosts its energy from all the electricity generated.
id-US9296387B2    abstract-Systems and methods for improving operation of a hybrid vehicle are presented. In one example, a method for transitioning between regenerative braking and engine braking is described.
id-US9735625B2    abstract-In a non-contact electric power feed system, electric power is supplied in a non-contact manner from an electric power transmission device to a vehicle representing an electric power reception device. The electric power transmission device includes an electric power transmission unit, a communication unit for radio communication with the electric power reception device, and a control device for controlling the electric power transmission unit. The control device varies transmitted electric power from the electric power transmission unit while the electric power transmission unit transmits electric power, and determines whether or not pairing between the vehicle specified as an electric power transmission target and the electric power transmission unit is appropriate, based on information on variation in electric power from the vehicle specified as the electric power transmission target through radio communication.
id-US9302669B2    abstract-Provided is a control device for a hybrid vehicle, which makes it possible to manually select a degree of acceleration in tune with user's preferences and user's intended running quality. Provided is a control device for a hybrid vehicle  1  including an engine and a motor for assisting the engine with power, in which an ECU  20  is provided with a first changing unit, which prepares to increase the assist amount of the motor  12  in response to a user depressing a Plus Sport mode switch  30 , and subsequently increases the assist amount of the motor  12  in response to the user pressing an accelerator pedal to cause a variation ΔAP in an accelerator position to be at least a predetermined value.
id-WO2013175556A1    abstract-The vehicle braking system according to the invention is a system that selectively realizes the mode of generating braking force according to the pressure of the controlled working fluid and the mode of generating braking force according to the operating force of the driver and the pressure of the controlled working fluid. It has a motion mode switching mechanism and is configured to switch these modes appropriately according to the situation of the vehicle brake system. In addition, a pressure regulator according to the invention can adjust the pressure of the working fluid by moving a movable body, which is supported directly by the housing. Thus, the pressure regulator ensures that the working fluid is controlled smoothly.
id-WO2013181091A1    abstract-A method and system for energy recovery in a hydrogen or natural gas hybrid electric vehicle includes a turbine (20) positioned between a compressed hydrogen or natural gas storage cylinder (24) and an internal combustion engine (16). The turbine (20) receives the compressed gas from the storage cylinder (24), reduces the pressure of the compressed gas, and supplies the compressed gas at a reduced pressure to the internal combustion engine (16). The turbine is connected to a generator (22) and uses energy extracted from the pressure reduction of the compressed gas to drive the generator. The generator is further connected to a battery (14) of the hybrid electric vehicle and acts as a power source for the battery.
id-JP2013240230A    abstract-[challenges] to improve the reliability of the backup function by regenerative braking when a failure occurs in some of the brake systems among the multiple friction brake systems. Solution when an abnormality in a part of the brake system in the friction brake is detected, the state of the charging system is controlled to meet the charging allowable conditions. Charging conditions are when the amount of charge of the lithium-ion battery is below the maximum allowable charge. Then, set the threshold of charging capacity margin less than the upper limit of charging capacity. When the charging capacity of the battery is above the threshold of charging capacity margin, increase the power torque of the motor corresponding to the driver's accelerator operation in S109, and the power of the motor By increasing the torque, the braking torque is increased in the S112. Select diagram: figure 4
id-US8640796B2    abstract-A solar-powered vehicle with regenerative and mechanical braking includes a chassis or frame, a seat mounted to the frame, a rear axle rotatably supported on the frame, spaced apart left and right rear wheels mounted on the rear axle, and at least one front wheel mounted on the frame. The vehicle includes a selectively engageable regenerative braking system and a selectively engageable mechanical braking system. A lever for engaging the braking systems has three positions, wherein at a first position a reed switch on the lever engages a magnetic source, disabling the regenerative braking system. At a second position, the reed switch disengages the magnetic source, enabling the regenerative braking system. At a third position of the lever, the mechanical braking system is engaged.
id-US20130317674A1    abstract-A charge control apparatus of a train set having a plurality of trains, wherein the train has a generator, a battery and a motor supplied with power from the generator and the battery, power, generated by one of the generator and the motor, is able to charge to the battery, and a plurality of trains, driven by an operation of the motor, are connected and each battery is mutually independent, comprises an acquiring unit configured to acquiring charge information indicating charge condition of the battery from each train; and a charge amount control unit configured to control a charge amount of each battery using the charge information of the train.
id-US9118201B2    abstract-A control system includes a first switching module and a second switching module. The second switching module is operably connected to the first switching module. The control system is configured to be selectably connected to at least two of an energy dissipation system, an external energy storage system, or an internal energy storage system. When the control system is selected for electrical communication with one of the at least two of an energy dissipation system, external energy charging system, or internal energy storage system, the first and second switching modules control the path of a current distributed through the one of the at least two of an energy dissipation system, external energy charging system, or internal energy storage system.
id-US9356543B2    abstract-A power source control apparatus for a rotating electrical machine includes a TRC optimum voltage output portion ( 21 ) and a GEN optimum voltage output portion ( 22 ) that acquire a TRC optimum voltage and a GEN optimum voltage; a normal target voltage output portion ( 23 ) that sets a normal target voltage commonly applied to a traveling motor system and a power generating motor system using a DC/DC converter, based on a highest optimum voltage out of the TRC optimum voltage and the GEN optimum voltage; and a temperature protecting target voltage output portion ( 24 ) and a target voltage output portion ( 25 ) that limit the voltage commonly applied to the traveling motor system and the power generating motor system to a value lower than the normal target voltage.
id-US20150325896A1    abstract-If a required voltage which corresponds to a required power has reached a boundary voltage, which is an oxidation-reduction potential of platinum, which constitutes a catalyst of a fuel cell, the fuel cell system performs crossover-avoidance control that holds an FC instruction voltage for the fuel cell at the boundary voltage, and absorbs the gap between the required voltage and the FC instruction voltage by using a secondary battery.
id-WO2013169307A1    abstract-Electric generator and battery charging system for a vehicle, where the forward motion of the vehicle will create wind-resistance, and the turbine or generator system will convert the kinetic energy of this wind-resistance into electricity.
id-US9827965B2    abstract-A method for operating a regenerative braking system of a vehicle includes: applying control to at least one valve of a brake circuit, before and/or during operation of a generator of the braking system, so that brake fluid is displaced out of a brake master cylinder and/or out of the at least one brake circuit into at least one reservoir volume; defining a target force difference variable regarding a booster force exerted by a brake booster in consideration of at least one of a generator braking torque information item, a brake master cylinder pressure variable, and an evaluation variable derived from at least the generator braking torque information item or the brake master cylinder pressure variable; and controlling the brake booster in consideration of the defined target force difference variable.
id-US20150102155A1    abstract-The Road-and-air transport vehicle is intended to transport people (from 1 to 4 people] on the roads, as a light passenger vehicle, and in the air—as a small aircraft. It has a body ( 1 ] with a cabin ( 13 ), 4 wheels: 2 front wheels, controllable ( 2 ) and 2 rear wheels driven ( 48 ] by two electric motors ( 51,52 ), fitted to the wheel rims, or by the main back propeller engine ( 28 )—electric or with internal combustion which has a variable vector of the propelling force—for a short landing strip and big maneuverability, as well as several wings: 2 front telescopic wings ( 5,7 ) and ( 11,14 ), with variable angle of attack for short take-off way and big maneuverability; 2 main movable wings ( 19,43 ), whole, with bent edges, folded to the body (when it is on the road), and unfolded (when the vehicle is flying), as by means of rotation by different devices they change their swept position during the flight, they have elevons ( 79 ) and rotating flaps ( 77 ), which increase their lifting force at taking off—for short drive take-off way, while during the flight they generate electricity; additional wings: 1 bottom wing ( 40 ), 1 upper wing ( 38 ) and 1 rear wing ( 33 ), carrying two vertical stabilizers ( 30,32  with steering wheels  84,85 ) connected fixedly by the upper back wing ( 31  with 2 horizontal steering wheels  86,87 ), forming the tailpiece. It is fitted with 2 propellers ( 27,35 ) or 2 turbine ( 58,59 ) electrical motors—generators, which during the flight produce electricity, but in case of fault of the main engine ( 28 ) they replace it—for the purpose of safe landing. For maximum safety the Road-and-air transport vehicle is fitted with a parachute module ( 75 ), which lands the whole craft. All external surfaces of the wings, the body and the cabin are covered with photovoltaic elements and together with the other generators they charge a unit of accumulators and capacitors. The Road-and-air transport vehicle is intended for mass use for personal purposes (flying cars) or for public (ambulances, taxis, postal carriers, police patrols, fire-department vehicles, for military and other) purposes.
id-US11454457B2    abstract-An energy transportation and grid support system utilizes at least one transportable containment module capable of storing thermal or chemical energy typically produced from renewable or geothermal sources and providing connectivity with energy conversion equipment typically located in a land or sea-based operating facility. The system includes circuitry to hookup to an adjacent electricity grid for the provision of grid support and/or piping to move thermal energy typically used to drive steam turbines generating electricity. The operating facility also includes a communication arrangement to link with and exchange operations control data with a grid or heating operator and the energy transportation operator. The invention is directed to both apparatus and method for the energy transportation and grid support system.
id-US10073128B2    abstract-A leak detection device includes a pulse signal outputting portion that outputs predetermined pulse signals to a positive connecting wire connected to a positive side of a battery and a negative connecting wire connected to a negative side of the battery. A response waveform detecting portion of the leak detection device detects a positive response waveform for the pulse signal output to the positive connecting wire and a negative response waveform for the pulse signal output to the negative connecting wire. An amplitude ratio calculating portion calculates an amplitude ratio based on the positive response waveform and the negative response waveform, and a leak detecting portion detects a leak between the battery and a ground based on the amplitude ratio.
id-US9434375B2    abstract-A drive system and a method of driving a vehicle in which the drive system includes a combustion engine, a brake device for braking the vehicle, an electric machine, an energy storage connected to the electric machine, at least one electric assembly operated by electric energy and a planetary gear including a sun wheel, a ring wheel and a planet wheel holder. A control unit is adapted to, when the vehicle is in motion, a driving moment is demanded and a coupling member is in a first position, based on a comparison between the demanded driving moment and a necessary moment required for operation of the electric assembly, control at least one of the combustion engine, the brake device and the electric machine such that desired electric energy is provided for operation of the electric assembly.
id-US9346362B2    abstract-An energy estimation device includes: an energy change quantity estimation unit that estimates an energy change quantity of a vehicle for each of links; an axle torque calculation unit that calculates, based upon the estimated energy change quantity, an axle torque of the vehicle for a regeneration link in which energy is regenerated upon traveling of the vehicle; an allocation ratio calculation unit that calculates, based upon the calculated axle torque, an allocation ratio of a regeneration brake relative to a friction brake of the vehicle for the regeneration link; and a regeneration energy estimation unit that estimates regeneration energy of the vehicle for the regeneration link based upon the energy change quantity and the allocation ratio.
id-JP5474259B1    abstract-Siv7 is the control device of the ac electric vehicle, which is connected to the intermediate dc circuit part 40 between the CONV3 that converts the ac voltage input through the main transformer 2 into dc voltage and the INV4 that converts the dc voltage into ac voltage. Based on the initial temperature of the converter main circuit element when the vehicle is stopped (initial value of TCNV) and the input current of SIV7, Isiv, CONV3 carrier circumference to reduce the temperature variation of the converter main circuit element when the vehicle is stopped Change frequency fc.
id-US20150340941A1    abstract-The present invention relates to regenerative electric energy wherein the electric motor, gear box and generator are configured to produce a continuous flow of electric energy. The invention relates to the driving members of electricity generation such as nuclear, hydroelectric, thermal plant, and wind power. The one embodiment includes inverter with battery charger, and battery, utilizing as initial start-up to AC load usage of electric motor as driving mechanism of generator, and further embodiment a set of breakers as diverting configuration division members of electricity generation of generator wherein the portion of electric energy is diverted back to inverter with built-in switch that can detect and switch automatically and transfer between inverter power and incoming AC power then activate the system and supply continuous AC power to electric motor as regenerative driving source of generator. Then other portion of the regenerative energy is transmitted to end users of electric energy.
id-WO2013186158A3    abstract-The invention relates to the Radantriebseinheit(4) the purchase of a bicycle, an electric car (2, 3), (1) the use of an electric machine (5) as a ferris wheel, (3) which Stator and Stator The drehbar stores propellers, bicycles,(3) vehicles (1)verbindbar is electronic Steuereinrichtung(7) to the spot electric aircraft (5), while Radantriebseinheit(4) a Wirbelstrombremse(8). That door will hold the brakes
id-WO2013182674A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a brake control system for a motor vehicle having front and rear axles. The brake control system includes a controller operable in response to a braking request signal. The controller is configured to control a front axle braking system for applying a front axle braking force and a rear axle braking system for applying a rear axle braking force. The controller is configured to increase the front axle braking force to supplement the rear axle braking force when an operational parameter relating to the rear axle braking system is greater than or equal to a pre-defined threshold. The invention also relates to a method of controlling the braking of a motor vehicle.
id-WO2013188539A3    abstract-This invention relates to a method of conveniently functionalizing the reducing end of a carbohydrate polymer. The method also allows for the length of the polymer to be differentially functionalized. The invention provides a method for preparing polymers with a different functional groups or functionality on the sides than on the reducing end. An advantage of the method of the invention is that the procedures are simpler, preferably requiring less time, fewer steps, reduced temperatures and less harsh chemical components than conventional procedures for differential modification, with the further advantage that the reactions can be carried out in aqueous media.
id-US20130334873A1    abstract-A system and method that can generate and regenerate electricity from a vehicle having an 37 Electrically operable drive motor, 27 mechanical electric drive shaft, 29 mechanical electric wheel Axle and 31 mechanical electric wheels and or 33 mechanical electric vehicle attachment and or a 35 mechanical electric vehicle trailer. The vehicle could be designed to restore all, the electricity it used. By connecting the 27 mechanical electric drive shaft, 29 mechanical electric Wheel Axle and the 31 mechanical electrical wheels to the vehicle's inverter and store it in batteries. An inverter can be used to send that power to the 37 motor when needed. In some embodiments; excess Power can be output from the vehicle for utilities.
id-WO2013182438A1    abstract-The invention relates to a program specifying at least one Batteriezelle beispielsweiseeine of an Abnutzungszustandes Batteriemoduls(130) Lithium-Ionen-Batteriezelle, for example in Traktionsbatterien(140) from Elektro-oder Hybridkraftfahrzeugen so found in cars and at least the teil-oder temporarily electric Antrieben(150), used. This story also deals with the car and the house system (160). This process involves determining the internal resistance of the electromagnetic wave. The battery electric charger (100) is electrically or negatively connected to at least one standby charger (100), or electrically separated by another charger (100). The characteristic of this technique is to cut off the battery power (100) and measure the voltage of the loose current to cut off the battery power (100). Therefore, for other uses of the "100" class battery, the choice of wear does not affect.
id-EP2868515A1    abstract-To improve power failure detection accuracy, while increasing power failure detection sensitivity as compared to that in conventional techniques, in a controller of an AC electric vehicle having a power failure detection function in an overhead contact line. The controller includes a first specific-frequency-current computation unit 14a that extracts a current component corresponding to a first specific frequency set value Fset1 from a main-transformer output current IS and outputs the current component as a first specific-frequency current I1, a subtractor 16 that subtracts the first specific-frequency current I1 from the main-transformer output current IS and outputs a subtraction result as a current deviation DI1, a second specific-frequency-current computation unit 15a that extracts a current component corresponding to a second specific frequency set value Fset2 from the current deviation DI1 and outputs the current component as a second specific-frequency current I2, and a power-failure detection unit 19a that compares the second specific-frequency current I2 with a predetermined power-failure detection-current set value Iset and outputs a power-failure detection signal when the second specific-frequency current I2 is larger than the power-failure detection-current set value Iset.
id-EP2679435A1    abstract-The present invention concerns a method and an arrangement for charging an electrical energy storage as well as a vehicle with such an arrangement, which is usable for charging a battery of a vehicle broken down due to empty battery without the need of an electric charging point.      For this purpose a method is proposed for charging an electrical energy storage of a first vehicle, where the electrical energy storage is charged during the first vehicle is set in motion by at least a second vehicle, where motive power of the second vehicle is converted into electricity by a traction inverter of the first vehicle
id-EP2672622A1    abstract-The invention refers to the use of a Zwischenkreis Frequenzumrichter (2) (14) speisenden Gleichrichter and a gespeisten from Zwischenkreis (14) Wechselrichter leistungselektronischen closed last night (T1-T6), Frequenzumrichter official (2) network Drehstrommotor(4), and the related Bremstransistor (T7) Male Bremswiderstand.(8) as well as having procedure for insurance for Bremstransistor What the Bremswiderstand created was not the luxury anlagenspezifisch that had to be adapted to operate, but a simple and low-cost way to combine any Frequenzumrichter in which the doctor would advise Frequenzumrichter(2) to remove symptoms :Mess einrichtung(10), measuring whether there is electricity, in Bremswiderstand(8) tension first plus Messeinrichtung (10) Auswerteeinrichtung(12) in contrast to Messeinrichtung(10) determined the readings with the carrier Vergleichswerten, Cyrenaica Auswerteeinrichtung(12) Schaltvorrichtung (6), Zwischenkreisspannung Bremswiderstand(8) cracked the Eins while Auswerteeinrichtung(12) Zwischenkreisspannung closed Bremswiderstand(8) if it triggered the reading of Messeinrichtung(10) chaltdauer Bremswiderstands(8) advertising, Auswerteinrichtung (12) set the standard more than Einschaltdauer.
id-US20170144649A1    abstract-Disclosed in the present invention is a dual-structured power output apparatus of an electric drive and power system that provides a means for outputting both mechanical power and electrical power. It comprises dual motor/generators having two stator assemblies, two rotor assemblies and a power transmission unit all integrated into a single housing for easy mounting. The power transmission unit is disposed adjacent to the two motor/generators and coupled on both ends to rotating shafts mechanically linked to the rotor assemblies such that they are rotatable relative to each other. It function is to change the rotational speed and torque of at least one of the rotors in order to reduce weight and physical size of the apparatus, and thus significantly improving the power density and capability. The structure of the apparatus is well-suited to improve the performance and fuel efficiency of the prior art hybrid powertrain.
id-US9221354B2    abstract-A propulsion control apparatus of an electric motor vehicle includes a first power converter that operates as a DC/AC converter, an AC/DC converter, or a DC/DC converter, a second power converter that operates as a DC/AC converter, an AC/DC converter, or a DC/DC converter, a first power storage device and a second power storage device functioning as a direct-current power supply source that is charged using direct-current power supplied from a direct-current common section or a first input output end side or discharges direct-current power to the direct-current common section or the first input and output end side, and a control device that controls operations of the first power converter, the second power converter, the first power storage device, and the second power storage device.
id-US9180848B2    abstract-A vehicle brake force generation device is provided with an electric motor for applying drive force and regenerative brake force to the wheels of an electric vehicle, a brake hydraulic pressure generation device for generating the brake hydraulic pressure to be applied to the calipers of the electric vehicle, a slip information computation unit for computing the slip information of the wheels, a VSA device for controlling the friction braking of at least the brake hydraulic pressure generation device such that the slipping of the wheels is inhibited, a first diagnosis unit for diagnosing the VSA device, and a brake control unit for controlling the cooperative braking which includes controlling the regenerative braking of the electric motor and/or controlling the friction braking of the brake hydraulic pressure generation device.
id-US10232807B2    abstract-A control apparatus for the boost converter to reduce the total loss is proposed. The control apparatus for the boost converter which controls the boost converter in a power system, the system has a DC power source having source voltage; the boost converter including a switching device and boosting the source voltage by predetermined boost control including change of switching state of the switching device based on boost instruction voltage and outputs the boosted voltage to a load apparatus; and a voltage detecting device detecting output voltage of the boost converter, the control apparatus has: a boost controlling device performing the boost control; and an intermittent controlling device performing intermittent process of the boost control based on the detected output voltage to keep the output voltage within range including the boost instruction voltage which is used when the last boost control is performed.
id-US9428060B2    abstract-A method for controlling a hybrid vehicle electrical system includes driving the vehicle in a first driving mode where the battery pack is connected to the traction voltage DC-link and the battery pack is supplying the electrical auxiliary units with power, shutting down the power electronics unit in order to cease power delivery from the electric machine to the traction voltage DC-link or to the electric machine from the traction voltage DC-link, disconnecting the battery pack from the traction voltage DC-link by opening the relay, and activating the power electronics unit and controlling output voltage of the power electronics unit to a predetermined level.
id-US9127582B2    abstract-A hybrid vehicle control apparatus for a hybrid vehicle capable of EV travel generated by a motor-generator with an internal combustion engine is provided. The control apparatus includes a maximum value calculation unit for calculating a maximum value of a supply of electric power for an electrically-heated catalyst, when the internal combustion engine is in a stopped state, provided to the electrically-heated catalyst based on (i) at least one of a start-up electric power required for starting up the engine or an operation electric power required for operating a supplemental device, (ii) an electric power output limit value of the battery, and (iii) an electric power required for a travel of the hybrid vehicle. The control apparatus also includes a power supply controller for controlling the supply of electric power for the electrically-heated catalyst based on the maximum value of the supply of electric power for the electrically-heated catalyst.
id-WO2014013622A1    abstract-The power generation control unit 7 controls the power generation of the generator by controlling the converter that converts the ac power output from the generator connected to the engine into dc power. The power generation control unit 7 controls the dc voltage command value vdc_ref for the power storage device and the dc voltage V for the dc link part. Dc voltage value of the difference between the used ir based on generators for the rotation speed command value ohm c the ref1, it calculates the rotation speed command value ohm c the ref1 converter based on PWM control on the output of his generators and the rotating speed ohm c rotation speed command value The overvoltage is prevented by making the dc voltage VDC track the dc voltage reference value vdc_ref while the omega c_ref1 track.
id-WO2014018503A1    abstract-A vehicle drive system comprising three motor/generators, an engine and an electrical energy storage device. The system is arranged so that two axles can be driven at the same time. Each axle can be driven using power generated by the engine or provided by the electrical energy storage device. The system can also be configured to drive one of axles using mechanical power from the engine.
id-US9705353B2    abstract-An electric vehicle such as a hybrid electric vehicle (HEV), a plug-in hybrid electric vehicle (PHEV), and a battery-only electric vehicle (BEV) includes a traction battery. A torque command is generated for a motor such that a traction battery electrically connected therewith outputs a discharge current having an alternating current (AC) component to cause a temperature of the traction battery to increase.
id-EP2705977A2    abstract-The program solves the Fahrantriebs Elektrofahrzeugs endurance, which passes at least one electric Fahrantriebsmotor(17) energy while the Betriebszustand Drehmomentregelung is conducted under the domain name of one Fahrsignalgebers Solldrehmoment Fahrantriebsmotors(17 years old) and another Betriebszustand Drehzahlregelung and carried out in the pose of Fahrsignalgebers one Solldrehzahl Fahrantriebsmotors (N)(17) of the domain name, completes the first Betriebszustand specified Fahrantriebsmotors(17), if an irregular Solldrehzahl (N) should become Istdrehzahl Fahrantriebsmotors' (N)(17) ratio to one threshold is, otherwise this Fahrantriebsmotor(17 years old) is solved in the second Betriebszustand.
id-US20140015489A1    abstract-A system used to charge a battery of an electric or gas/electric vehicle is disclosed. The system comprises an axle having a rear suspension, at least one voltage generating device and a voltage regulator. The axle is attached to a wheel of a vehicle. The voltage generating device is fitted in line with and driven by the axle. The voltage regulating device is configured to operate by modulating the small field of current of the voltage generating device to produce a constant voltage at the battery terminals. In one embodiment, a gear box may be used with the system. In another embodiment, a shield may be used to protect the voltage generating devices. A method used to charge a battery of an electric or gas/electric vehicle is also disclosed.
id-WO2014006396A3    abstract-A method of operating a drive train (210) for a hybrid electric vehicle, in which the drive train (210) comprises an internal combustion engine (220), an electrical machine (230) and electrical energy storage means (250). The electrical machine (230) is connected to supply electrical energy to and receive electrical energy from the electrical energy storage means (250). The internal combustion engine (220) is drivingly coupled to a first one of the sun, planet and annulus gears of an epicyclic gear arrangement (225). The electrical machine (230) is drivingly coupled to a second one of the sun, planet and annulus gears. The third one of the sun, planet and annulus gears driving coupled for driving wheels (280) of a hybrid electric vehicle. The method comprises the steps of sensing a parameter indicative of the voltage across the electrical energy storage means (250) and, in response to this sensed parameter, controlling the internal combustion engine (220) and/or the electrical machine (230) such that the first electrical machine (230) operates to give rise to a voltage output of the first electrical machine (230) such that the electrical energy storage means (250) is charged without the need for power electronics.
id-WO2014010466A1    abstract-The engine (4) can drive the wheel (2), and the efficiency of the engine (4) varies depending on the speed of rotation and output torque. It can be used to recover energy. According to the information of engine (4), the above driving assist and regeneration unit, the information of the running route and the information of the running pattern, the control device (18) can formulate the predetermined control pattern to minimize the energy balance of the whole route. Store and control the engine (4), hydraulic motor/pump (6) and accumulator (8) at least according to the position of the vehicle and the above control pattern.
id-WO2014016646A1    abstract-Regenerative transmission and braking system is a mechanism for the transformation of acceleration and braking torque, called variator system of spheres, which consists of bridge discs with pinions and spheres with interspersed pinions that transfer the rotation, where the spheres are inclined to a certain Angle between 1° and 89° to change the ratio of diameters of reception and delivery of torque on each sphere, amplifying or decreasing the ratio velocity-torque, Allowing the total torque transmission forces to be distributed proportionally in each of the spheres (2), decreasing the individual loads of each pinion.
id-US9638273B2    abstract-A brake assembly for a vehicle comprising a wheel comprising a hollow section and a rim, the rim comprising a first portion comprising an electrically conductive material and a second portion adjacent to the first portion comprising a plurality of a permanent magnets and a stator comprising at least one electromagnetic coil arranged to be located within the hollow section of the wheel, wherein the stator is moveable between a first position in which the at least one electromagnetic coil is inductively coupled to the first portion of the rim when the wheel is rotating relative to the stator, and a second position in which the at least one electromagnetic coil is inductively coupled to the second portion of the rim.
id-US11427228B2    abstract-A monorail vehicle includes two bogie assemblies supporting different ends of a chassis. Each bogie assembly includes guide wheels rotatably connected to a bogie frame, a wheel assembly for rolling along a top of a guide beam, and a drive unit. The drive unit includes an electric motor attached to the bogie frame via a mounting flange that is located within a first lateral half of the body, a brake unit, and a planetary gear assembly coupled to a rotor of the electric motor. The planetary gear assembly is located on a first side of the electric motor and the wheel assembly is mounted to an output of the planetary gear assembly. The drive unit is attached whereupon the wheel assembly may be dismounted from the drive unit in a direction of a second lateral half of the body without dismounting the drive unit from the bogie frame.
id-US9669724B2    abstract-An energy storage system of a vehicle includes an energy storage device, a regulation device coupled to the energy storage device, one or more sensing devices for sensing current levels, voltage levels, temperature levels, and/or pressure levels of the energy storage device and/or on components thereof, and a control unit configured to determine dynamically a power flow in/out of the energy storage device using a fuzzy logic approach. The regulation device is configured to regulate at least one of a voltage level, a current level, and any additional state parameter of the energy storage device.
id-US9085334B2    abstract-An electric powered self-balancing unicycle may include a single wheel assembly having a drive system substantially contained within the wheel, a frame and handlebars including a four-bar linkage mechanism pivotably connected to the wheel assembly by a fork.
id-US9694688B2    abstract-In order to provide an electric vehicle drive system capable of promoting improvement in stability of vehicle traveling when stopping a regeneration operation during operation of a regeneration cooperative brake, the electric vehicle drive system, a battery control unit  310 , upon detecting that a battery state is an unchargeable state during control of the regeneration cooperative brake, diagnoses whether a battery  300  is chargeable, and upon deciding to be unchargeable from a result of diagnosis, outputs a Fail signal. Then, a rotating electrical machine control unit  210 , upon receiving a Fail prediction signal while the regeneration cooperative brake is being controlled, executes loss increase control for increasing an internal loss of a rotating electrical machine  900  and reducing regenerative electric power by a regenerative brake while maintaining torque of the rotating electrical machine  900  at regenerative torque corresponding to regenerative brake force.
id-US9387774B2    abstract-The train-information management device includes a position detection unit; a regenerating-condition detection unit that detects a regenerative-brake usage condition; a train-line-information holding unit that holds therein information on a section in which a train is more likely to use a brake; a residual-air-amount calculation unit that calculates the amount of residual air in an air tank; and a compressor control unit that controls a compressor. In a regeneration-preparation condition, if a train is running through a position where the distance between the position and a section in which a train is more likely to use a brake is equal to or less than a given value, if the train does not use a regenerative brake, and if the amount of residual air reaches 0%, the compressor control unit causes a compressor to start generating compressed air.
id-US9873343B2    abstract-A power storage system having a power storage device configured to be charged and discharged, a boost circuit and a controller, and a method of controlling the temperature of the power storage device are provided. The boost circuit includes a reactor and switching devices, and boosts the output voltage of the power storage device when the switching devices are driven. The controller alternately performs a charging operation to supply electric power from an external power supply to the power storage device, and a temperature elevating operation to warm up the power storage device, using ripple current generated when the switching devices are driven.
id-US9393875B2    abstract-The vehicle braking device has a hydraulic braking force generating device, a regeneration braking force generating device, a braking operation amount detection portion and a required braking force calculation portion. The vehicle braking device controls the hydraulic braking force generating device and the regeneration braking force generating device so as to apply the required braking force to the wheels. The vehicle braking device has a braking force adjustment control portion for executing braking force adjustment control for limiting the rate at which the regeneration braking force is increased and increasing the hydraulic braking force before the current regeneration braking force reaches a maximum regeneration braking force, that is, the maximum braking force that can be generated by the regeneration braking force generating device.
id-US9627896B2    abstract-A battery system comprises plural battery cells, a voltage detecting circuit detecting voltage of each of the battery cells, and plural voltage detecting lines connecting an electrode terminal of each of the battery cells to input side of the voltage detecting circuit, and the voltage detecting circuit detects the voltage of each of the battery cells through the voltage detecting lines. The voltage detecting lines have different lengths, and at least one of the voltage detecting lines has a resistance adjusting portion which equalizes electrical resistances of the long voltage detecting line and the short voltage detecting line, and through the plural voltage detecting lines of which electrical resistances are equalized by the resistance adjusting portion, the voltage detecting circuit detects the voltage of each of the battery cells.
id-US9254753B2    abstract-The present invention includes a position detection unit; a regenerating-condition detection unit; a train-line information holding unit that holds therein information on a section in which a train is more likely to use a brake; an air-conditioning set-value holding unit that holds therein a temperature set value of an air conditioner; and a target-temperature control unit that decides a target temperature. In a regeneration-preparation condition in which a train is running through a position at which the distance between the position and a section in which a train is more likely to use a brake is equal to or less than a given value and in which the train does not use a regenerative brake, the target-temperature control unit decides a value, generated by adding a predetermined value to the temperature set value, as the target temperature.
id-WO2014024432A1    abstract-The binding bar and end plate are connected with sufficient bonding strength to keep the battery laminate under ideal pressure. The battery system includes a battery laminate (2) composed of stacked multiple rectangular batteries (1), a pair of end plates (3) that pressurized the battery laminate (2), and a binding bar (4) that fixed the end plates at certain intervals. Has a fixed frame (9) on which the battery laminate (2) is mounted. The end plate (3) is arranged by piercing the first through hole (3a) through which the fixing bolt (23) is inserted above and below. The connection part (4p) at both ends of the binding bar (4) is provided with a second through-hole (4a) in the position where the fixing bolt (23) is inserted. In the battery system, the second through hole 4a of the connector (4) and the fixing bolt 23 inserted into the first through hole 3a of the connector (3) are fixed to the fixed frame (9), and the connector (4) is prefixed to the terminal. It is fixed to the t (3), and the binding bar (4) and end plate (3) are fixed to the fixed frame (9).
id-WO2014024708A1    abstract-As a power supply device for industrial vehicles equipped with electric motor and its drive device, a battery group composed of molten salt battery is installed. Regenerated energy from the motor is recovered by a battery pack composed of molten salt batteries. Furthermore, a heating device for heating and retaining the batteries and a control device for controlling the drive device and heating device, and controlling the charge and discharge of the batteries shall be provided.
id-US20150239350A1    abstract-A control device for a vehicle regenerative braking system, having an engine control device, with which a setpoint engine braking torque variable for a setpoint engine braking torque to be imparted by an electric motor, useable in generator mode, is defineable, considering a setpoint overall braking torque variable for a predefined setpoint overall braking torque, and considering an actual friction braking torque variable for an imparted/impartable actual friction braking torque of at least one additional friction brake, wherein if the setpoint variable is below a threshold, the setpoint variable is defineable according to a difference between the setpoint overall braking torque to be imparted and the imparted/impartable braking torque, and if the setpoint variable is above the threshold, the setpoint variable is defineable according to a sum of a predefined additional braking torque and the difference. Also described are a regenerative braking system and method.
id-US20140052318A1    abstract-In a set of hybrid vehicles including first and second hybrid vehicles connected in series, each of the hybrid vehicles having an electric storage device, a controller for the first hybrid vehicle comprises a monitoring unit configured to detect an amount of electric charge stored in the electric storage device of the first hybrid vehicle, a communication unit configured to carryout communication with a communication unit of at least the second hybrid vehicle to acquire an amount of electric charge stored in the electric storage device of the second hybrid vehicle, and a control unit configured to determine load shares of the first and second hybrid vehicles during operation of the first and second hybrid vehicles, on the basis of the amount of electric charge stored in the electric storage devices thereof.
id-EP2705976A2    abstract-An electric lawn tractor roll away prevention system includes a brushless DC electric motor powering a traction drive wheel on the electric lawn tractor. The motor is connected to phase wires and provides a back EMF voltage on the phase wires if the electric lawn tractor rolls and turns the traction drive wheel without electric power from the motor. A three phase inverter rectifies the back EMF voltage, turns on the traction controller if the rectified voltage reaches a pre-specified threshold, and applies a voltage to the phase wires to reduce the speed of the electric lawn tractor by regenerative braking.
id-US9254833B2    abstract-Disclosed herein is a method and system for charging a battery of a hybrid electric vehicle driven with power of an engine and/or a motor, the method including detecting an accelerator pedal position by an accelerator position detector, detecting a brake pedal position by a brake position detector, determining, by a controller, when the vehicle is coasting based on manipulation of the accelerator pedal and the brake pedal; determining when a state of charge of the battery is a charged state having a value equal to or smaller than a set value; and maintaining the engine in a driving state and rotating the driving motor with engine power to charge the battery with generated power of the driving motor when the state of charge of the battery is the charged state having the value equal to or smaller than the set value and the hybrid electric vehicle is coasting.
id-US8858379B2    abstract-An axle assembly having an electric motor module. The electric motor module may be coupled to a differential assembly. A rotor of the electric motor module may be coupled to a pinion of the differential assembly with a first coupling.
id-US9296374B2    abstract-Provided is a motion controlling apparatus for a vehicle that can achieve improvement in drivability, stability, and driving comfort. The apparatus includes a control unit for controlling driving forces of vehicle wheels; a vehicle acceleration/deceleration instruction calculator for calculating an acceleration/deceleration instruction value on the basis of a lateral jerk; a first vehicle yaw moment instruction calculator for calculating a first vehicle yaw moment instruction value on the basis of the lateral jerk; and a second vehicle yaw moment instruction calculator for calculating a second vehicle yaw moment instruction value on the basis of lateral slip information.
id-US8718852B2    abstract-A self-learning regenerative braking control module is adapted for use with a vehicle, and includes a driving mode determining unit, an analyzing unit, and a regenerative braking determining unit. The driving mode determining unit determines a driving mode according to an accelerator signal, a brake signal, and a speed signal from the vehicle and outputs a coasting duration and coasting information associated with the driving mode to the analyzing unit for obtaining acceleration information. The regenerative braking determining unit obtains target regenerative braking data containing target vehicle speeds that vary with time based upon the acceleration information and regenerative braking reference data stored therein.
id-US9855904B2    abstract-A motor vehicle includes a generator, electric consuming devices, a first electric energy storage device and a second energy storage device connected in parallel with the first energy storage device. The two electric energy storage devices, in a storage range, have at least partially overlapping characteristic open-circuit voltage curves. The first energy storage device has a first state-of-charge-dependent characteristic charging internal-resistance curve. The second energy storage device has a second state-of-charge-dependent characteristic charging internal-resistance curve. The first energy storage device has a first state-of-charge-dependent characteristic discharging internal-resistance curve and the second energy storage device has a second state-of-charge-dependent characteristic discharging internal-resistance curve. The first characteristic charging internal-resistance curve extends over an entire relative state-of-charge range in the direction of higher resistances above the second characteristic charging internal-resistance curve. The first characteristic discharging internal-resistance curve extends over an entire relative state-of-charge range in the direction of higher resistances below the second characteristic discharging internal-resistance curve. The two energy storage devices are interconnected with one another in a voltage-neutral manner.
id-US20140084673A1    abstract-A brake control apparatus includes: a fluid storing section for storing a quantity of brake fluid that is flown out of a master cylinder by driver's braking operation; pressure-increasing control valves each of which is disposed between the master cylinder and a corresponding one of wheel cylinders; a master cylinder pressure reduction control valve disposed in a fluid passage connected between the master cylinder and the fluid storing section. A hydraulic pressure control section is configured to perform a control operation when a braking force is being controlled with a regenerative braking system, wherein the control operation includes: controlling at least one of the pressure-increasing control valves toward closed state; controlling the master cylinder pressure reduction control valve toward open state; and allowing the quantity of brake fluid to flow into the fluid storing section.
id-WO2014037787A2    abstract-A step-up voltage converter of an electric vehicle includes a reactor having one end connected to a low voltage-side positive electrode terminal of the voltage converter and the other end connected to a high voltage-side positive electrode terminal, and a step-up switching element connected between a high voltage side of the reactor and a common negative electrode line connecting low-voltage side and high voltage-side negative electrode terminals of the voltage converter. The electric vehicle includes an interrupter isolating the step-up switching element from a circuit of the voltage converter when the step-up switching element has a short-circuit fault. Once the interrupter is activated, a short circuit between the positive and negative electrode terminals of the voltage converter is cancelled, and the voltage converter serves as a mere conducting path that directly couples the low voltage-side terminals to the high voltage-side terminals, so the vehicle is able to continue travelling.
id-WO2014050283A1    abstract-In order to provide a drive control device for a rotary electric motor, which can generate a torque in the rotary electric motor according to the torque specified value independently of the magnet temperature of the permanent magnet set on the rotor, the drive control device 600 is configured to rotate the rotor with a permanent magnet set on the rotor. According to the torque command value t1 * from the vehicle controller, vector control is applied to the current of the electric motor 200, which drives the rotating electric motor 200 with the battery 180 as the power source, and recharges the battery 180 with the rotating electric motor 200. Moreover, the drive control device 600 calculates the magnet temperature Tm based on the detection value of the temperature detection unit 228, so that the torque t1 of the temperature calculation unit 627 and the rotating motor 200 is consistent with the torque command value t1 *, and the magnet temperature is relative to the same torque command value t1 *. The current command arithmetic unit 625 generates different current command values Id * and IQ * according to degrees Tm.
id-US20140084819A1    abstract-A controller for driving a motor has: an input part that receives, from each of two brake sensors, a signal indicating a corresponding brake is in an ON state or a signal indicating that the brake is in an OFF state; a control coefficient computing part that increases a control coefficient relative to a regeneration target value along a first slope when a first signal indicating only one of the brakes is in an ON state is received from the input part, the control coefficient computing part increasing the control coefficient along a second slope when a second signal indicating both brakes are in an ON state is received from the input part, the second slope rising faster than the first slope; and a control part controlling driving of the motor in accordance with the regeneration target value and the control coefficient computed by the control coefficient computing part.
id-US8957616B2    abstract-A control device for a three-phase alternate current motor includes: a control phase current acquisition means; a monitor phase current acquisition means; a rotation angle acquisition means; a two-phase control current value calculation means; a one-phase current estimated value estimation means; a voltage command value calculation means; an other phase current estimation means for calculating a monitor or a control phase current estimated value; an abnormality detection means for detecting an abnormality in a monitor phase or a control phase current sensor; a number-of-revolutions calculation means for the motor; a number-of-revolutions determination means for determining whether the number of revolutions is not larger than a predetermined determination value; and a switching means between a two-phase control mode when the number of revolutions is not larger than the determination value and a one-phase control mode when the number of revolutions is larger than the determination value.
id-WO2014044340A3    abstract-The invention includes a fuel cell operating procedure for at least one fuel cell (2) and at least one electronic energy storage device (4) in order to provide the required amount of electricity, including the actual amount of electricity required. Invented it marked what is needed in the results below characteristic service fee (P c) fuel cell vehicles (2) created in the service charge (P (c) to operate, the gap between characteristic service charges (P (c) and what is needed Energiespeichereinrichtung (4) storage. Fuel cell vehicles are planned for use
id-WO2014041978A1    abstract-Charging batteries to supply power to electric auxiliary equipment while achieving low fuel consumption, low emissions, and low noise. The vehicle 1 has an electric compressor 15, a battery 13 that supplies power to the electric compressor 15, and a generator 11 that generates power to charge the battery 13 or to supply power to the electric compressor 15. The driving shaft of generator 11 is directly connected to the shaft of engine 10 or is common to the shaft of engine 10. Generator 11 is constituted to perform regenerative power generation during deceleration or downhill driving.
id-US9174520B2    abstract-An electric vehicle wherein at least part of a cell unit is provided along an inclined part of a rear dividing wall. A bottom end of the cell unit is positioned lower than the hip point of a passenger. As seen from the vehicle-width direction, motor mounts are positioned so that the top part of the cell unit and part of the motor mounts overlap in the vertical direction of the electric vehicle.
id-US9457668B2    abstract-A regenerative brake control system of an electric motorcycle includes an electric motor, sensors which detect the vehicle states, and a control unit which sets a target torque based on the vehicle state when the control unit determines that a regeneration condition is satisfied based on the detected vehicle state, and the control unit suppresses a regenerative braking amount more when it is detected that the electric motorcycle is turning than when it is detected that the electric motorcycle is not turning.
id-US9545912B2    abstract-A hybrid vehicle mode-switching control device for a hybrid vehicle controls that an output of an engine and/or motor in response to a mode-switch request. In a case of a difference between an actual transmission gear ratio and a target transmission gear ratio, a deficit with respect to the requested drive power occurs that causes discomfort to the driver. The drive power surplus or deficit caused by the transmission gear ratio deviation can eliminated by correcting of the motor torque and/or the engine torque by a correction amount necessary to eliminate the surplus or deficit of drive power. In this way, the lack of drive power due to the transmission ratio deviation and the driver's sense of discomfort can be eliminated.
id-US9776517B2    abstract-A power supply device comprises a lead-acid battery disposing a plurality of cells in a battery case of a rectangular parallelepiped shape having a pair of facing walls and a pair of end surface walls at the circumference of a rectangular bottom surface plate, and a power storage device connected in parallel to the lead-acid battery. The power storage device has a larger storage capacity by regenerative braking than that of the lead-acid battery, and the power storage device has an external case having a heat radiation plate disposed in a thermally connected state to the facing wall of the lead-acid battery, and the heat radiation plate is thermally connected to the facing wall of the lead-acid battery.
id-US9718376B2    abstract-An electricity supply system having double power-storage devices which is suitable for implementation in an electric or hybrid motor vehicle. The supply system is intended for being connected to a power network of the vehicle. The supply system is of the type that includes a first power-storage device, having a first specific energy, a first specific power and a first operating voltage (Ue), and a second power-storage device, having a second specific energy that is lower than the first specific energy, a second specific power that is higher than the first specific power and a second operating voltage (Up) that is higher than the first operating voltage (Ue). The first and second power-storage devices are electrically coupled by a bidirectional DC-DC converter controlled in accordance with the operating states of the vehicle. The DC-DC converter includes a floating capacitor connected in series between the first and second power-storage devices.
id-US9409483B2    abstract-A fuel cell system mounted in a vehicle includes a fuel cell, a collision prediction device, a discharge device, and a controller. The fuel cell includes a gas channel to which a reactant gas is to be supplied to generate electricity. The collision prediction device is configured to predict probability of collision of the vehicle. The discharge device is configured to discharge the electricity from the fuel cell. The controller is configured to control the discharge device to discharge the electricity from the fuel cell in a case where the collision prediction device predicts that the probability of collision of the vehicle is higher than a predetermined probability.
id-WO2014058383A3    abstract-The present invention proposes a method and a system for identification of cost-free energy and utilisation of said cost-free energy in at least one vehicle-borne system. The method comprises simulation of at least one future speed profile  v    sim    along a section of road ahead of a vehicle on the basis of information related to the section of road. The method comprises identification, on the basis of at least one future speed profile  v    sim   , of whether cost-free energy will be available for the vehicle along the section of road. Available cost-free energy is defined here as surplus energy which the vehicle has during a simulated period of rolling  roll    Sim    and during a simulated active braking process  brake    Sim    if the simulated period of rolling  roll    Sim    is followed by the simulated braking process  brake    Sim   . The method comprises also utilisation of this available cost-free energy for replenishment of at least one energy store in at least one vehicle-borne system which obtains energy from a power train of the vehicle.
id-JPWO2014054148A1    abstract-The control unit 30, which is used as a wheel control device for controlling four wheels 11 ~ 14, has a torque arithmetic unit, which is used as a control unit for torque control of four motors 19 ~ 22. The torque arithmetic unit provides the first information related to the input operation of the driver In response, set the specified reference torque for each of the four motors 19 ~ 22, and according to the second information about the motion state of the vehicle 10, add the first distributed torque to the reference torque and distribute the torque to the four motors 19 ~ Control the first motor of the 22 motors, subtract the second distributed torque from the reference torque, and control the second motor different from the first motor with the distributed torque, and apply torque to the first motor and the second motor respectively A distribution torque-limiting mode in which the first distribution torque and the second distribution torque are limited so that the direction does not change before and after the addition and subtraction distribution.
id-US20140111166A1    abstract-A circuit may comprise a direct current (DC)/DC boost converter connected to a battery that includes a plurality of cells; a DC link connected between the DC/DC boost converter and an inverter; and/or a charging circuit connected between the battery and the DC link. The charging circuit may be connected to the DC/DC boost converter in parallel. A method of charging a battery using a regenerative energy of a motor may include storing the regenerative energy of the motor by using a converter with a multi-winding transformer, selecting a cell to be charged from among a plurality of cells included in the battery, and transferring the stored regenerative energy to the selected cell by using the converter.
id-EP2913213A1    abstract-An EHC (140) is configured to electrically heat a catalyst that purifies exhaust gas from an exhaust path of an internal combustion engine mounted on an electrically-powered vehicle, when a current passes through the EHC (140). A charger (120) converts AC electric power supplied from an external power supply (210) to a charging port into charging power of a power storage device (70) by a power conversion path including an insulating transformer (330). The EHC (140) is electrically connected to power lines (352p, 352g) which are provided on the primary side of the insulating transformer (330) on the power conversion path, and to which a DC voltage is output. In a case where the EHC (140) is operated when the vehicle travels, the charger (120) converts the electric power from the power storage device (70) into the DC voltage output to the power lines (352p, 352g) connected to the EHC (140), by a part of inverse conversion of power conversion at the time of external charging.
id-JPWO2014065302A1    abstract-In response to the request to switch from EV to HEV mode (t2), the locking clutch fastening pressure (p_l/U) is increased earlier than the timing (t4) at which the clutch (CL) should start with the engine starting. At the beginning of clutch fastening (t4), the primary pulley rotation speed (Npri) is set to equal to or greater than the primary pulley rotation speed (Nin) for clutch input/output rotation synchronization, and the clutch (CL) is obtained by increasing the primary pulley rotation speed (Npri). Synchronize input and output rotation. Thus, at the start of clutch fastening (t4), the clutch (CL) fastening can be started without shock. The input/output rotation synchronization of clutch (CL) at the beginning of clutch fastening (t4) does not cause shock even if the fastening speed of clutch (CL) is high. This prevents the wheel from pulling the transmission when the clutch (CL) is fastened, and prevents pulling shock when switching from EV to HEV mode.
id-US9931950B2    abstract-During a method for recovering electrical energy, for example during a deceleration phase of a motor vehicle including at least one electric accumulator battery, a low alternator voltage is applied during a first type of vehicle driving phase, and a high alternator voltage higher than the low alternator voltage is applied for a second type of vehicle driving phase. The transition from the low alternator voltage to the high alternator voltage is carried out by applying a first voltage step of a predefined amplitude, followed by a knee in the voltage curve, the voltage curve then continuing into at least a second voltage ramp phase of which the average slope is strictly lower than the voltage ramp of the first step.
id-WO2014054657A1    abstract-The filtaline reduces the natural vibration frequency component in the front and rear directions under the spring in the control device of an electric vehicle that controls the torque of the motor connected to the drive wheel by setting the motor torque command value based on the vehicle information. The motor torque is controlled according to the final torque request value obtained by applying g processing and filtering processing to the motor torque request value.
id-WO2014063943A2    abstract-It will be accepted to step on the brakes Fahrzeuges offers to Bremseingriff Fahrzeuges carried out at least one wheel in consideration of its simplified Gesamtbremskraft for Bremseingriff to create the Hydraulikeinrichtung in the vehicle through, but through at least one of the cycling party government's electric motors, which at any time supported the Hydraulik through einrichtung in order to make an impact, while the Gesamtbremskraft passes through the Hydraulikeinrichtung in order to act as a regulating device to produce steam, even in order to participate in at least one bicycle manufacturing rather than for the Hydraulikeinrichtung and for The Elektromotors Gesamtbremskraft was combined and this amount was added to the Fahrzeuges for each of them in a dependent Fahrsituation from a management training pilot.
id-WO2014069527A1    abstract-When the accelerator pedal is released (S11) and the brake pedal is stepped on (S12), the hybrid driving regenerative (S13) starts. Expensive dual electric car driving recovery (he's) force on the brake pedal and the time T recovery efficiency スタータモータ and animal protection and used Ts the specified time implement when clutch run the opening up to electric intensity for recovery to S15, S16,S18), and the traction reduction speed Gd of the engine and continuously variable transmission are added to the regenerative braking force.
id-WO2014054668A1    abstract-To achieve both a reduction in crackling vibration when acceleration requirements are high and a sound vibration performance when acceleration requirements are low. The control device of a front-wheel drive hybrid vehicle is equipped with an engine (Eng) and a motor/generator (MG) in the drivetrain, and the vehicle vibration is estimated based on the rotational drive information in the drivetrain, and the motor torque is added to suppress the estimated vehicle vibration. Has A positive motor damping control unit (A). In the control device, an acceleration request determiner (33) used to determine the acceleration request is provided, and the motor vibration control unit (A) reduces FB gain when the acceleration request is judged to be low and when the acceleration request is judged to be high.
id-WO2014054534A1    abstract-We provide a control device for hybrid vehicles that can perform engine start control that can suppress engine stall after engine start. Implementing the start judgment process of whether the engine can be started by the motor generator (2) in a powertrain hybrid vehicle with the first clutch (4) between the motor generator (2) and the engine (1) When it is determined that the starting judgment unit of the strong electric motor cannot start, the engine is started by the starter motor (8) in the open state of the first clutch (4). Perform engine start control to control a certain target engine speed before clutch fastening to a speed higher than the target engine speed after clutch fastening, which is the engine speed at the time of power generation by a motor generator (2) after clutch fastening. It is a hybrid vehicle with a control device that features a gin start control mechanism.
id-WO2014063924A2    abstract-An energy supply system for a vehicle (2) includes electric (2) and hydraulic (40) supply systems. Monitoring means (12, 3, 14) detect a predetermined overload condition in the electric supply system, and control means (3, 70, 71) controllably dissipate or store energy in the hydraulic supply system in response to detection of an overload condition by the monitoring means.
id-WO2014069375A1    abstract-To provide a control device for a hybrid electric vehicle that reduces engine fuel consumption while ensuring the regeneration of the motor when the vehicle decelerates. When the hybrid electric vehicle decelerates, the clutch is cut off, the motor is regenerated, and the engine begins to cut fuel (t1). In order to maintain the engine speed higher than the starting speed, the clutch control during deceleration is carried out to disconnect the clutch within a range that does not affect the speed of the vehicle.
id-WO2014068868A1    abstract-We will provide nickel-metal hydride batteries with excellent durability under high temperature environments and a storage battery system in which these nickel-metal hydride batteries and lead-acid batteries are connected in parallel. A nickel-metal hydride battery in one aspect of the invention includes a nickel positive electrode with nickel hydroxide as the main positive electrode active material, a hydrogen storage alloy negative electrode with hydrogen storage alloy as the negative electrode active material, a separator and an alkaline electrolyte, and the amount of alkaline electrolyte solution is single Positive cathode capacity is 2.4g/Ah or more, 3.3g/Ah or less, in the alkali electrolyte solution selected from tungsten compound, molybdenum compound, niobium compound, at least one type of tungsten per 1g alkali electrolyte solution Niobium, molybdenum and niobium are equivalent to 20 mg and less than 50 mg.
id-US10618414B2    abstract-A hydraulic brake system for a land vehicle includes a brake pedal; a wheel brake; and a master brake cylinder connected to the brake pedal by a brake booster and a pump. The outlet of the pump is connected to the wheel brake by a supply line and the inlet is connected to the wheel brake by a return line. The pump moves hydraulic fluid to the wheel brake. A temporary store is connected to the inlet of the pump and the wheel brake by the return line. A pressure reduction valve, arranged in the return line of the wheel brake, has a throttling effect in the open state. A control unit compensates for the difference between a total braking torque specified by the brake pedal and a generating braking torque provided by an electric machine by setting the hydraulic braking torque during a regenerative braking process of the vehicle.
id-US9457687B2    abstract-Present example embodiments relate generally to a ground transportation system for interacting with one or more vehicles, the vehicle comprising at least one magnetic element fixedly attached to the vehicle, each magnetic element operable to generate a magnetic field having a first magnitude and a first direction, the system comprising a magnetic coil assembly fixedly positioned near an area traversable by the vehicle and comprising a core and a magnetic wire coil wrapped around the core, the magnetic coil assembly operable to generate a magnetic field having a second magnitude and a second direction; and an energy storage unit operable to release energy to and store energy from the magnetic coil assembly.
id-US9573473B2    abstract-In a vehicle control device, a slip ratio in which front and rear wheels are averaged, and a braking force in which the front and rear wheels are averaged, can be calculated. The vehicle control device is provided with: friction braking devices placed on each wheel; a motor that acts as a regenerative braking mechanism and is placed on the rear wheels; a vehicle slip stiffness calculation unit; a front and rear braking force ratio calculation unit; a vehicle slip stiffness correction unit; and a regenerative braking arithmetic unit. The regenerative braking arithmetic unit operates the friction braking device and the motor so as to make the vehicle slip stiffness reach a vehicle slip stiffness threshold value. Also, the vehicle slip stiffness correction unit corrects the vehicle slip stiffness threshold value in accordance with the ratio of the front wheel braking force and the rear wheel braking force.
id-US9627999B2    abstract-A power supply device for supplying power to a load by combining a secondary battery and a capacitor includes a bypass switch which enables power to be directly supplied to the load from the capacitor by being switched to a connected state when a voltage of the capacitor is a voltage capable of driving the load, and a first DC-DC converter which enables the voltage of the capacitor to be stepped up and supplied to the load when the voltage of the capacitor drops below a minimum voltage capable of driving the load.
id-US20150298683A1    abstract-An apparatus controls a running state of a hybrid vehicle, wherein the hybrid vehicle is configured to select, as a running mode, an EV running mode and a HV running mode, the hybrid vehicle is configured further to select an intermittent operation mode for repeating acceleration running and coasting by intermittently driving the drive wheels, in the HV running mode. The apparatus switches the EV running mode to the intermittent operation mode according to a comparison result between a power storage amount of the power storing device and a convergence value of the power storage amount in a case where the intermittent operation mode is selected, if the intermittent operation mode is required during steady running by the EV running mode.
id-WO2014082902A3    abstract-This creation relates to procedures to assist the driver in activating the motor vehicle battery while driving by asking the driver to provide the best parking control information (11). In the proceedings of the shop Bremsvorgang the mechanical energy generated by the Fahrzeugmasse Kraftfahrzeuges is ideally converted into Batterieladung by the charger Fahrzeugbatterie(5) to slow down the Kraftfahrzeuges energetisch assesses the evaluation of one that gives drivers the information to optimally exercise Bremspedals(11)."
id-WO2014080775A1    abstract-When the engine (36) is stopped and the drive shaft (37) is driven, the rotation of the input rotor (28) is restricted by the joint of the brake (47). Furthermore, based on the temperature temp_sr of the brush 96 obtained by the temperature sensor 97, the torque Tcoup acting between the input side rotor 28 and the first output side rotor 18, the stator 16 and the second output side rotor 1 9) control the distribution of torque TMG acting between. Thus, local overheating of the slip ring (95) is prevented and the driving performance of the driving shaft (37) is improved when the engine (36) is stopped.
id-US20160101699A1    abstract-A drive system includes an engine, an alternator coupled to the engine, the alternator being configured to power at least one auxiliary load, a traction motor system operatively coupled to drive wheels of the vehicle, the traction motor system being configured for receiving primary electrical power from the alternator and for propelling the vehicle in response to the primary electrical power, and a motor electrically connected to the traction motor system and mechanically coupled to the engine. The motor is configured to receive electrical power from the traction motor system in a dynamic braking mode of operation of the traction motor system and to communicate power to the engine during the dynamic braking mode.
id-JP2014101051A    abstract-[challenge] expand the driving area in EV mode and start the engine reliably. [solution component] the drive system has engine 3, motor 4, and fastener CL1 inserted between engine 3 and motor 4. The control device of the hybrid vehicle starting engine 3 is described by the above motor 4 and fastener CL1. When engine 3 starts, the output above a certain output that can continuously output motor 4 is used to drive motor 4 to start engine 3, thus expanding the driving area in EV mode when engine 3 is not working. Engine 3 can be reliably started when engine 3 is started. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2014083995A1    abstract-The accelerator opening judgment unit (110), which determines whether the change of the accelerator opening degree exceeds the predetermined change amount, and the accelerator opening judgment unit (100), which determines whether the change of the accelerator opening degree exceeds the predetermined change amount when driving in the deceleration mode using the power from the power source of the vehicle to decelerate. Calculate the accelerator opening change width. Calculate the accelerator opening change width, which is the cumulative value of the accelerator opening change during the determination period when the degree change exceeds the predetermined change. Based on the stage (130) and the accelerator opening degree change width, determine the driving mode judgment unit (140) that determines which of the driving mode of the vehicle to switch to inertia driving mode, intermittent driving mode, accelerated driving mode and the driving mode of the vehicle. Has the driving mode switch unit (150) to switch to the driving mode. This enables the driver to achieve the desired driving and improve fuel efficiency.
id-JP2014129078A    abstract-[challenges] to reduce PM (particulate matter) emissions efficiently with less electric energy in hybrid vehicles equipped with engines and motor generators as the power source of vehicles. [solution] the engine running mode running with the power of engine 11, and the motor assisted running mode running with the power of engine 11 and motor generator 12 by torque assist of motor generator 12 In the system of switching and above, the PM discharge rate (PM discharge per unit output of engine 11) is estimated based on the driver request output calculated according to the degree of accelerator opening, so that the P when the driver request output is realized by engine 11 Calculate the M discharge rate, and switch to the motor-assisted driving mode when the PM discharge rate is larger than the predetermined value. Thus, the PM reduction per unit output of motor generator 12 can be increased, and the PM emission can be effectively reduced with less electricity energy. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2014073435A1    abstract-When the accelerator pedal is released (S11) and the brake pedal is stepped on (S12), the hybrid driving regenerative (S13) starts. If the vehicle speed VSP is lower than the set vehicle speed VSPS during hybrid driving regeneration (the low vehicle speed range where regenerative braking occurs frequently and the regenerative efficiency is greatly improved by the release of the clutch), electric driving regeneration is achieved by the release of the clutch. (S15,S16,S18), and the drag reduction speed Gd of the engine and continuously variable transmission are added to the regenerative braking force (S17,S19). However, if the vehicle is in the high speed range of VSP≧ VSPS during hybrid regeneration, the hybrid regeneration (S13) is continued without the release of the clutch (S15,S18), giving priority to the protection of the engine starter motor.
