id-US9162578B2    abstract-The present invention relates to a speed variation transmission device for a motor vehicle powertrain comprising an epicyclic gear train ( 26 ) with a sun gear ( 36 ) and a crown ( 50 ) connected to shaft ( 12 ) of thermal engine ( 10 ) of said vehicle, as well as a planet gear carrier ( 58 ) connected by a motion transmission track ( 102 ) to drive axle ( 16 ) of this vehicle.      According to the invention, sun gear ( 36 ) and crown ( 50 ) are connected each to engine shaft ( 12 ) by a controlled coupling ( 28, 30 ) and to a fixed part ( 48   a   , 48   b ) of the vehicle powertrain by a one-way coupling ( 32, 34 ).
id-US8631886B2    abstract-This disclosure provides a structure of an electric vehicle, which includes an engine, an electric generator for being driven by the engine, a battery for being supplied and charged with generated power at least from the electric generator, and a motor for being supplied with power from the battery to drive driving wheels. The engine, the electric generator, and a power transmission device for transmitting a motive force of the engine to the electric generator are integrally formed to constitute a power generation unit. The power generation unit is arranged inside an engine room so that at least the engine is located rearward from wheel axles of left and right front wheels.
id-US8994300B2    abstract-A plate-shaped portion of each of separators has a cross-sectional shape bent in a concavo-convex shape in a vertical direction. The plate-shaped portion of each of the separators has a flat cross-sectional shape. The plurality of separators are arranged parallel to one another to alternately line up. One surface of each of the battery cells abuts on the plate-shaped portion of the separator, and the other surface abuts on the plate-shaped portion of the separator. Thus, a spacing between the battery cells, which are adjacent to each other with the separator sandwiched therebetween, becomes equal to the thickness of the plate-shaped portion, and a spacing between the battery cells, which are adjacent to each other with the separator sandwiched therebetween, becomes equal to the thickness of the plate-shaped portion.
id-US8994318B2    abstract-An electrical on-board network of a vehicle, having at least two power circuits and an electrical machine allocated to a drive of the vehicle. The electrical machine has at least two phase systems, connected to a respective inverter, and that at least one of the phase systems is capable of being electrically connected to at least one of the power circuits via the associated inverter. A method for operating an electrical on-board network of a vehicle is also described.
id-JP2011151717A    abstract-[problem] in a vehicle that can be charged by a power source outside the vehicle using a charging cable and can implement PLC, it should communicate with the outside of the vehicle properly when PLC communication failure occurs. The charging cable 30 is connected to the charging port 110. The PLC processing unit 150 communicates with the PLC processing unit 220 of the residence 20 by using the charging port 110 and the charging cable 30 as communication paths. The wireless communication department 160 communicates wirelessly with the wireless communication device outside the vehicle. When a communication defect occurs during communication through PLC processing unit 150, the communication control unit 170 changes the communication sequence of the communication data according to the predetermined sequence and communicates through the wireless communication unit 160 according to the changed communication sequence. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20110168466A1    abstract-A hub motor includes a motor shaft, which is fixed and non-rotational and a rotating wheel hub. The hub includes a plurality of coil windings positioned around the motor shaft; a plurality of magnets positioned around the coil windings; one or more sensors in the wheel hub housing; and a cable to supply power and communicate control signals to a controller.
id-US20110174564A1    abstract-A power generation control system of an electric vehicle is disclosed. The power generation control system of an electric vehicle is characterized in that an elastic recovery force of a spring is converted into a rotational energy via a spring power generation apparatus, and the converted rotational energy is accelerated for thereby driving a vehicle generator and generating electric power, and when the spring is over loosened, the auto winding operation of a spring is performed by means of a spring winding motor with the help of a control of the control unit, and when the battery is over charged by means of the power generation process, the operation of the spring power generation apparatus is stopped.
id-WO2011089064A3    abstract-The invention relates to an electrically driven or hybrid vehicle equipped with an electric machine (3) and an electrochemical / / or electrical memory (4). At the same time the electronic machine (3) eddy current of the vehicle as an electric motor and the braking vehicle as a generator are simultaneously investigated in the electric machine (3) as a provision of electronic chemical and/or electrostatic memory (4) the electric robot of the enterprise (3) as a generator of our country through this aufladbar, while the vehicle also each launcher (11),e ingereichtet is an old power supply (3) of an electrical machine that acts as a backup generator or at least supplies it to another consumer.
id-JP2011143752A    abstract-[challenges] we provide an electric-assisted bicycle that can not only simplify the appearance of the drive wheel itself by using an electric motor, but also suppress the increase in weight by using a small electric motor. [solution] in the electric assist bicycle 100 equipped with an electric motor 12 that provides auxiliary power to the driving wheel 5 rotating by the driving force of pedal 6, the driving wheel 5 is set as 10 to 15 inches (254 to 381 mm in mm conversion), and The electric motor 12 is an outer rotor type electric motor 12 with a rotor rotating outside the stator. The electric motor 12 forms the driving wheel 5, and the electric motor 12 USES the rotor to install the tires of the driving wheel 5. Forms the rim. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US8464821B2    abstract-A regenerative braking system is provided. The regenerative braking system includes at least one energy storage medium operably connected to a coupler. The coupler is operable to selectively couple and decouple the energy storage medium with a drive train of motor vehicle, or an electric generator, or a combination of both. A control arrangement governs the operation of the coupler. A sensor of the control arrangement is operable to determine information relating to the relative deceleration and acceleration of the motor vehicle and send said information to the controller. The controller is operable to determine the amount of energy storage medium or mediums to be coupled to the drive train via the coupler.
id-US20110202197A1    abstract-The power supply system, which may be used with an electric car, extends the life of a high voltage battery while minimizing electric power required for vehicle actions. A temperature sensor measures a temperature of the high voltage battery. A controller preferentially drives first loads given first priority among a plurality of loads driven by the high voltage battery, other than a drive motor, based on an electric power amount that the high voltage battery is able to output and an electric power amount required by the drive motor for driving a vehicle when the temperature of the high voltage battery is not higher than a predetermined temperature. The controller preferentially drives in-vehicle devices of the highest priority among in-vehicle devices based on the electric power amount that the high voltage battery is able to output and the required electric power amount of the drive motor for driving the vehicle.
id-JP2011166992A    abstract-[problem] a simple power supply device that can efficiently transmit power to a moving vehicle using the resonance method is provided. In each power supply device 100, a power sensor 150 is arranged between the high-frequency power driver 120 and the primary coil 130. The power sensor 150 measures the reflected wave power generated between the high-frequency power driver 120 and the primary coil 130. In each power supply device 100, ecc 160 controls the high-frequency power drive 120 based on the reflected wave power measured by the power sensor 150. When the reflected wave power is less than the specified value, ECU160 controls the high-frequency power driver 120 so that the transmitted power output from the power supply device 100 is weak. Selection diagram: figure 5
id-WO2011099193A1    abstract-It is a vehicle system that is mounted on the vehicle and can supply power from overhead wiring. Parallel circuit including a load circuit (3) connected in parallel and a storage battery (21). A collector (11) which is connected in series with a parallel circuit and is electrically connected to the power source of the overhead power line. The first switch (12) between the collector (11) and the parallel circuit. A second switch (22) between a storage battery (21) and a motor (31) and between a collector (11) and a storage battery (21). The device is connected in parallel with the second switch (22) and is arranged between the storage battery 21 and the load circuit 3 to allow the current flowing from the collector 11 and the load circuit 3 to the storage battery 21, and to allow the current flowing from the storage battery 21 to the collector 11 and the load. Rectifier (23) that regulates the current flowing into the circuit (3).
id-US8502410B2    abstract-An electric powertrain comprises a high voltage bus an electric machine, and a traction inverter is coupled between a high voltage bus and the electric machine. An electric voltage for the high voltage bus is generated with the electric machine and the traction inverter when the electric machine is driven mechanically. The generated electric voltage is limited and converted to a predetermined voltage lower than the limited voltage. A unit of the vehicle, such as a cooling pump, is powered with the predetermined voltage.
id-US8838366B2    abstract-A hybrid drive apparatus includes an input member that is drivingly connected to a rotary electric machine and drivingly connected via an input clutch to an internal combustion engine, an output member that is drivingly connected to the input member and transmits rotation of the input member to wheels, and a control device that controls the rotary electric machine. The control device is capable of performing valve opening/closing phase control that advances or retards opening/closing phases of valve elements provided in the internal combustion engine via a valve opening/closing phase adjusting mechanism and, with the internal combustion engine in a stopped state before starting a vehicle, advances the opening/closing phases of the valve elements to bring the opening/closing phases of the valve elements into an advanced phase state relative to predetermined reference phases, thus starting the vehicle with torque of the rotary electric machine in the advanced phase state.
id-US8581557B2    abstract-A direct-current power source apparatus in which a lithium-ion capacitor unit is used as an electric storage system and which can fully utilize the lithium-ion capacitor unit and maintain the supply of electricity to a load is provided. An electric storage system includes a lithium-ion capacitor unit and a lead-acid battery connected in parallel with a load, and a voltage detecting section that detects the voltage of the lithium-ion capacitor unit. When the voltage detecting section detects that the voltage of the lithium-ion capacitor unit has reached a unit lower-limit voltage, a control circuit outputs a conduction signal for causing a switching circuit to get into a conductive state. When the switching circuit gets into a conductive state, the secondary battery supplies an electric power to a motor. At this time, the secondary battery charges the lithium-ion capacitor unit.
id-US8706374B2    abstract-An accelerator pedal device provided with a driving control device. The driving control device generates a braking force for braking a vehicle when the operation quantity of an acceleration pedal is below a first threshold value, and generates a driving force for driving the vehicle when the operation quantity exceeds a second threshold value larger than the first threshold value. The driving control device does not generate either the driving force or the braking force, and allows the vehicle to drive inertially, when the operation quantity ranges from the first threshold value to the second threshold value.
id-US8162089B2    abstract-The present invention discloses a human powered and electricity balanced personal vehicle, which comprises: a main body for bearing a driver; a set of powered wheels being two coaxial wheels; a manpower inputting device being provided for the driver to input manpower into the personal vehicle; an electricity converting device for converting electricity to power and inputting the power into the personal vehicle; a transmission device for receiving the manpower inputted by the manpower inputting device and the power inputted by the electricity converting device, and inputting mixed power of the manpower and power into the powered wheels; an operation device being provided for the driver to control the moving state of the personal vehicle; a plurality of vehicle movement detecting devices for detecting the moving state of the personal vehicle and the operating condition of the driver; and a control unit for receiving and analyzing the signals of the plurality of vehicle movement detecting devices and controlling the electrical output of the electricity converting device.
id-US8567547B2    abstract-A neighborhood electrical vehicle (NEV), including provisions for improved deceleration during regenerative braking, in which the vehicle momentum is converted to electrical energy stored in a capacitor bank. The capacitor bank includes alternate configurations for charging or discharging of the capacitors.
id-US8824113B2    abstract-The system provides for controlling the connection of electrical power sources to electrical loads installed on a motor vehicle and limiting exposure of personnel to relatively high electrical voltages from the electrical power sources. The system includes a serial communication bus and power cables routed through the motor vehicle. At least a first connector is provided through which the serial communication bus and a power cable are routed allowing temporary severing of the serial communication bus and the power cable. The power cable includes a circuit interrupter which isolates the connector from the electrical power source in response to certain conditions on the serial communication bus, including, but not limited to, the cessation of data traffic on the serial communication bus.
id-US8935062B2    abstract-A vehicle transmission device includes an input member coupled to a combustion engine and a rotary electric machine; an output member coupled to wheels; a speed change mechanism with a plurality of friction engagement elements and that provides a plurality of shift speeds; and a control device that controls the speed change mechanism. When a during-regeneration downshift is performed while the rotary electric machine is outputting regenerative torque, the control device sets a target increase capacity, which is a target value of a transfer torque capacity of an engagement-side element to be engaged after an increase, increases the transfer torque capacity of the engagement-side element to the target increase capacity over a predetermined torque capacity increase period, and decreases a transfer torque capacity of a disengagement-side element, which is to be disengaged, over a predetermined torque capacity decrease period that at least partially overlaps the torque capacity increase period.
id-US8922785B2    abstract-A technique for measuring displacement involves passing parallel laser light from a laser light source through a first diffraction grating to a semi-transparent semi-reflective mirror. A portion of the laser light is reflected as first reversed light, which passes through the first diffraction grating. The remainder of the parallel laser light proceeds to a total reflection mirror and is reflected as second reversed light that passes through the semi-transparent semi-reflective mirror and the first diffraction grating. The amount of refracted light of a predetermined order that is of the first and second reversed light and that results from the first diffraction grating is detected by a first optical sensor, and the amount of displacement is obtained from the interference band or a signal thereof corresponding to the amount of relative motion in the axial direction of the total reflection mirror with respect to the semi-transparent semi-reflective mirror.
id-US8983702B2    abstract-A control unit  2  includes a standard control map Map 1  in which an EV driving permitting region is set according to the SOC of a battery  3  and a substitute control map Map 2  in which the EV driving permitting region of the standard control map Map 1  is narrowed, whereby when an air conditioning compressor  112 A,  112 B is actuated to operate, the driving is controlled by selecting the substitute control map Map 2  to be referred to in place of the standard control map Map 1.
id-JP2011217567A    abstract-[problem] reduce the cost of multiple motors including control circuits. It is also compact and lightweight. Solution: multiple motors that can be driven by unidirectional current or dc current are driven by the power supply unit ST for selecting the motor and the multi-phase phase current supply unit TRM for supplying dc current to each phase winding Wm connected in series. By using the above-mentioned phase current energizing unit TRM in multiple motors, the overall cost reduction, compactness, and weight reduction are realized. In addition to selective control of motors, speed control or position control of multiple motors can be performed in parallel by time-sharing control. Selection diagram: figure 5
id-WO2011108501A1    abstract-The load driver consists of two switching elements connected in series: a converter that converts the dc voltage output from the capacitor to a dc voltage of different levels, and a rotary inductive load that converts the dc voltage output from the converter to ac voltage. An inverter and a capacitor placed between the converter and the inverter in parallel with the converter. One of the two switching elements, which forms part of the power supply path from the capacitor to the rotating inductive load, is a nonmarion semiconductor element. Therefore, a load drive device can be provided that can store the power generated by the regenerative operation of the rotating inductive load in the storage device in a simple configuration even in the event of a failure of the control unit or converter.
id-US20180236887A1    abstract-Systems and methods for charging an electric bus having a charging interface on its roof may include determining that an approaching bus is supposed to be charged at the charging station, lowering the charging head of the charging station to land on the roof of the bus, and moving the bus with the charge head on its roof to engage the charging head with the charging interface.
id-US9007028B2    abstract-A control device controls charging/discharging of an electric power storage device for supplying electric power to a load device. The control device includes: a limit value setting unit setting a limit value of charging electric power for the electric power storage device based on the state of the electric power storage device; a target setting unit setting a target value of the charging electric power based on the state of the load device and the limit value; a correction unit correcting the limit value based on a difference between the target value and the actual electric power input to and output from the electric power storage device; and a command setting unit setting a command value of the charging electric power based on the state of the load device and the corrected limit value.
id-US8547040B2    abstract-A control apparatus of an electric vehicle, which is operable to be driven by supplying electric power from a battery to an electric motor to drive the electric motor and operable to perform regeneration charge, includes: a request torque calculating unit calculating a request torque of the electric motor; a motor control unit controlling the electric motor based on the request torque; and a torque suppression unit performing a feed forward control for setting the request torque based on a rotational angular speed of the electric motor so that an integrated value of a torque and a rotational angular speed of the electric motor at time when the electric motor is driven or the regeneration charge is performed is identical to an integrated value of the torque and the rotational angular speed stored at a point of time when the battery voltage or the battery current reaches the limit level.
id-US9014891B2    abstract-A control unit increases a discharge allowable power when the running mode is at a charge depleting mode and an engine is stopped. An engine operation determination unit determines whether the engine is to be set at load operation or not based on a non-increased power value when the running mode is at the charge sustaining mode, and based on an increased power value when the running mode is at the charge depleting mode. In the case where the engine is at no-load operation, the engine operation determination unit determines whether the engine is to be set at load operation or not based on the non-increased power value even if the running mode is at the charge depleting mode.
id-WO2011127034A1    abstract-A regenerative braking system for a vehicle (10) includes a control module (12) that receives one or more signals based on a vehicle environment and that generates a set speed and a control signal based on the one or more signals. The control signal represents a motoring mode and a generating mode. A motor control module (20) controls bidirectional current flow between an electric motor (14) and a battery (22) based on the control signal. The motor control (20) module controls the direction and magnitude of the current flow based on the control signal and the electric motor (14) provides a decelerating load that slows an actual speed of the vehicle (10) to the set speed.
id-US20130066501A1    abstract-It is desirable to enhance efficiency of a power conversion device in both of a case where a motor generator which is an electric rotating machine is operated as a motor and a case where the motor generator is operated as a generator by performing regeneration braking. At the time of performing regeneration braking, strength of regeneration braking can be controlled by making an inverter circuit conductive in response to a predetermined phase of an AC output which the inverter circuit generates and by controlling a conduction width. Due to such a control, the number of times of switching a semiconductor element which constitutes the inverter circuit can be reduced thus suppressing heat generation of the semiconductor element and also the efficiency of the power conversion device can be enhanced. Further, the enhancement of efficiency of the power conversion device can be realized also in a motor operation and hence, it is also possible to enhance efficiency with respect to the traveling of a vehicle.
id-WO2011128410A1    abstract-The drive control of the hybrid vehicle will calculate the current geolocation permit (FR1, FR2) of the hybrid vehicle and the existing Geolocation permit (FZ) of the hybrid vehicle and the aiming position of the vehicle (ZP). Detect information related to road and traffic conditions and determine the ahead lanes (FR1, FR2) to be followed. Depending on the above information, the front station of the train (S1, S2) will form the open space section ahead (S1, S2, s.). . Sure am. This class ranks among all hyperprograms (S1, S2, k.) Information on drivers, vehicles, roads and/or traffic conditions will be investigated. With this information in mind, the internal combustion engine (S1, S2) and the electric motor are considered to be my success when crossing this part!
id-EP2374677A2    abstract-Hybrid vehicle comprising at least one electrical machine, one or more brake systems and a control system, which vehicle comprises an activation unit adapted to generating an activation signal which is arranged to activate the control system to calculate the retardation a*(t) required for bringing the vehicle to a halt solely by means of the brake torque which the electrical machine can provide. The retardation is calculated by means of a set of retardation parameters comprising at least one from among current vehicle speed, maximum and minimum limits for the retardation, and maximum brake torque for the electrical machine or machines, and the control system is further adapted to calculating a brake force F* tr  which is the brake force effecting the retardation a*(t), and to generating one or more brake signals based on F* tr  to the electrical machine or machines for braking of the vehicle to a halt.
id-WO2011125128A1    abstract-In the electric vehicle 2 running on the power supplied by the power storage device 8, change at least one of the frequency characteristics, time characteristics and volume of the acoustic characteristics according to the measured values of the power consumption and regenerative power generated by the running electric vehicle 2 It generates and outputs different sounds when the power is consumed and when the power is regenerated.
id-US9260003B2    abstract-If the temperature (Tig) of a switching element ( 25 ) in a source power supply circuit ( 24 ) of an electric motor ( 2 ) increases to be equal to or greater than a first predetermined value (α) while an electric vehicle ( 1 ) is in a stall state, a torque command for the electric motor ( 2 ) is reduced while a braking force command for a brake unit ( 10 ) is increased, and if the temperature (Tig) of the switching element ( 25 ) subsequently decreases to be equal to or less than a second predetermined value (β(<α)), the braking force command for the brake unit ( 10 ) is decreased while the torque command for the electric motor ( 2 ) is increased. The increment rate of the torque command for the electric motor ( 2 ) is varied in accordance with the degree of road gradient.
id-US8612074B2    abstract-Methods and systems for modulating regenerative braking in a vehicle having a regenerative braking system and an energy storage system are provided. A value is obtained for a variable pertaining to a condition that affects energy absorption of the energy storage system. A regenerative braking torque capacity for the regenerative braking system is determined using the value. Regenerative braking is controlled via the regenerative braking system based at least in part on the regenerative braking torque capacity.
id-US8812197B2    abstract-A hybrid wheel loader includes: an engine that includes an output shaft; a motor/generator that includes a rotating shaft directly attached to the output shaft of the engine; a transmission that includes an input shaft attached to the rotating shaft of the motor/generator, and an output shaft; a propeller shaft disposed on an output side of the transmission and driven via the output shaft of the transmission; an electricity storage device; and a control device that stores electricity into the electricity storage device by collecting electrical energy at the motor/generator.
id-US8924051B2    abstract-A control device for a railway vehicle controls an inverter device based on a direct-current link voltage Vfc between the opposite terminals of a filter capacitor. A direct-current voltage applied to the inverter device during regeneration is the sum of a voltage Vb of power storage equipment and an overhead wire voltage Vs, so that only detecting the direct-current link voltage Vfc is not enough to separate the voltage Vb of the power storage equipment and the overhead wire voltage Vs from each other. The power storage equipment can be connected in series with the inverter device, and a voltage sensor that detects the overhead wire voltage Vs is provided between a current collector device and a grounding point. The power storage equipment is controlled based on the detection result from the voltage sensor.
id-US20110307130A1    abstract-Electric vehicle driving modes and methods of use thereof are described. A vehicle includes a driving mode selection unit. The driving mode selection unit can be used to select a particular driving mode from amongst a plurality of driving modes. A vehicle may be capable of using more energy in a first driving mode than in a second driving mode. A driving mode may comprise at least three vehicle system operating profiles comprising at least three of motor torque curve profile, regenerative braking level profile, electronic power steering profile, electronic stability control profile, antilock braking system profile, and top speed.
id-US9002556B2    abstract-A torque response control apparatus for an electric motor of a vehicle comprises a motor torque response control means that is configured to carry out finding a difference between a required acceleration that is variable in accordance with a change of a vehicle driving condition and an actual acceleration that is obtained, at the time of the change of the vehicle driving condition, with the aid of a torque characteristic of the electric motor, the difference being caused by the torque characteristic of the electric motor in which the maximum torque is varied in accordance with a rotation speed of the electric motor; and controlling the torque response of the electric motor in a manner to cause a driver to feel the difference of the actual acceleration from the required acceleration to be small by compensating the difference between the required acceleration and the actual acceleration.
id-JP2013532241A    abstract-The invention relates to a rock drilling rig, a temperature control method for its driving device and a liquid cooling system. The drilling rig (1) has a combustion engine-free drive (16), which contains an electrical component (K) affecting the moving operation (43). The drilling rig is also equipped with a liquid cooling system (21), which is connected to one or more electrical components affecting the mobile operation and cooled by a liquid cooling system. The cooling of the component is controlled by the control unit according to the procedure set in the control unit (C). The cooling system can be precooled even before moving. Select diagram: figure 4
id-WO2011147508A2    abstract-The program sends an object to the vehicle (1) each time the aufnehmbar or abladbar, the vehicle (1) designates a power (3) for interrogation. (1), while the vehicle along a straight line, especially the line cannot forgive especially the straight line or arc of willpower lane, ordered, while the first step is related to the first car (1), the line along the adjacent vehicle (1) procedure, and will be in the second step of the first car (), the object along the evacuation line near the vehicle (1) until there is a third step of this first car (1) Procedures for adjacent vehicles along each other's lines (1), in particular reiterating the steps to be taken. .
id-JP2011244641A    abstract-[challenges] we provide a non-contact power receiving device for vehicles that can accurately detect the degree of good wireless power receiving status. The vehicle's non-contact electric receiving device is arranged on the inner wall of the self-resonant coil 112 formed by winding a conductive material with one end and the other end, the housing part 600 housing the self-resonant coil 112, and the self-resonant coil And electrode 115 for detecting the resonant state of 112. Electrode 115 is arranged in the inner wall at a position along the conductive material of the self-resonant coil 112, avoiding one end, the other end, and the midpoints of one end and the other end. Select diagram: figure 8
id-JP2011250557A    abstract-[challenges] efficient control of electromechanical devices. The electromechanical device includes an electromagnetic coil, a PWM drive circuit for supplying the PWM drive signal to the electromagnetic coil, and a control part for controlling the PWM drive circuit, wherein the control part drives the PWM on the electromagnetic coil. The first control is used to set the excitation interval as the interval providing the dynamic signal and the second control is used to change the duty cycle of the PWM drive signal. In the first control, the controller controls the phase of the center of the excitation interval according to the electromagnetic field The advance Angle control is carried out to accelerate the phase value of the maximum reverse electromotive force generated in the coil. In the second control, when the gain of the PWM drive signal that simulates the sinusoidal wave is set to 100%, the gain exceeds 100%. Increase the duty cycle so that the electric and mechanical equipment. Selection diagram: figure 11
id-WO2011151936A1    abstract-It ensures stable driveability on various road surfaces and driving conditions, and improves turning performance. The first electric motor 3f transmits the driving force to the left and right wheels on the front wheel side through the first differential device 4f; the second electric motor 3r transmits the driving force to the left and right wheels on the rear wheel side through the second differential device 4r; the first and second electric motor 3r At least one differential device 4f and 4r of the first and second differential devices 4f and 4r has a structure that can control the power distribution ratio to the left and right through the control unit.
id-WO2011147010A1    abstract-The invention patent relates to a set of generators for electric energy, simple, low cost, mounted on one or more vehicle wheels of any type of electric vehicle, such as cars, vans, utilities, buses, trucks and other want and zero emissions of pollutants are pure electric vehicles, hybrid electric vehicles, or any other technology that uses an electric motor as a power design in which it can be installed Any mechanical and/or automotive electric workshops, or new electric vehicles (0 km) already installed in the plant, require little or no maintenance during their subsequent operation.
id-JP2011254589A    abstract-[issue] we provide an electric vehicle and a program that can run stably even if one of the electric motors stops functioning. The electric automatic having the first drive system and the second drive system, which can control the power distribution from the first and second electric motors 3f and 3r to the left and right wheels of the front and rear wheels through the differential devices 4f and 4r. In vehicle 1, the acceleration sensor 26 detects the acceleration in the front and rear directions, transverse directions and rotation directions of the vehicle 25, the fault detection department detects the fault that cannot output the driving force of the electric motor, and the fault detection department detects the fault. At this time, according to the acceleration in the front and rear directions, transverse directions and rotation directions detected by the acceleration sensor 26, each acceleration change rate is calculated, and the acceleration in the direction corresponding to the largest acceleration change rate in these acceleration change rates becomes the value before the failure. A control unit for controlling a first drive system or a second drive system on the side where there is no fault. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US8657047B2    abstract-A bicycle hub comprises a hub axle, a motor case and an integrated motor. The hub axle has a pair of frame attachment ends. The motor case is mounted on the hub axle such that the bicycle frame attachment ends protrude out of opposite axial ends of the motor case. The motor case including a recessed portion that is configured to receive a bicycle frame that is mounted to the bicycle frame attachment ends of the hub axle. The integrated motor is operatively mounted between the hub axle and the motor case.
id-US8292052B2    abstract-A contactless power transfer system for a mobile asset is presented. The system includes a primary loop disposed adjacent to a location that is coupled to a power source. A secondary receiving coil is disposed on the mobile asset and coupled to a traction motor for receiving power from the primary loop. The power transfer system further includes a field-focusing element that can focus a magnetic field from the primary loop onto the secondary receiving coil, the field-focusing element having a non-linear current distribution.
id-US9356451B2    abstract-A battery control circuit includes a voltage detection circuit for measuring voltages of electric cells, balancing circuits for balancing the voltages or SOCs of the electric cells, a signal input/output circuit for communicating with the outside, a power supply circuit having two modes: a normal mode and a low consumption mode, and a time management circuit. It receives a signal containing a period of time until the shift of the power supply circuit from the normal mode to the low consumption mode, and stores it in the time management circuit. If a command from the outside has not been sent for a predetermined period of time or when an operation stop command has been sent from the outside, the time management circuit causes the power supply circuit to continuously operate in the normal mode. Then, the battery control circuit monitors an operation continuation period in the normal mode, and causes the power supply circuit to shift to the low consumption mode when the operation continuation period matches the stored period of time.
id-US9308964B2    abstract-A motor bicycle control system is provided for controlling a motor for assisting rotation of a bicycle wheel. The bicycle motor control system includes a motor communication part and a first mode switching part. The motor communication part performs power line communication with an electrical bicycle component and that changes a motor operation mode of the motor. The first mode switching part is operated either by electrical power supplied via a power line through which the motor communication part performs power line communication, or by electrical power obtained from a generator. The first mode switching part switches the motor operation mode from a motor driving mode in which the motor assist in rotating the bicycle wheel to a motor power generating mode in which the motor outputs electrical power that has been generated using rotation of the bicycle wheel according to a state of communication with the electrical component.
id-US8655531B2    abstract-An electrical component control system is provided for controlling a plurality of electrical components that can be installed on an electric bicycle in which human-powered driving is assisted by a motor. The bicycle electrical component control system basically includes a control part that sets a current operation mode from at least three operation modes based on an operating state of each of the electrical bicycle components. The control part controls the electrical bicycle components in accordance with the current operation mode that was selected.
id-US8482230B2    abstract-The present invention relates to an electric device for driving mechanical equipment comprising an alternating current motor and an inverter, the said inverter comprising, for each phase of the said motor, an H bridge structure comprising four switching elements distributed over two branches connecting two terminals of the said H bridge structure and intended to supply the winding of the said at least one phase of the motor, the said winding being a winding with a mid point and the said electric device being characterized in that it also comprises, for each phase of the said motor, an energy storage unit, in particular a supercondenser, connected, on the one hand, to the mid point of the winding of the concerned phase of the motor and, on the other hand, to a terminal of the H bridge structure supplying the said winding.
id-US8749181B2    abstract-A bicycle regenerative brake control device is provided for controlling a motor, in relation to a brake mechanism that can be mounted on an electric bicycle in which human-powered driving is assisted by the motor. The bicycle regenerative brake control device basically includes a first control part, a second control part and a switch control part. The first control part controls the motor so as to generate a uniform first regenerative braking force. The second control part controls the motor so as to generate a gradually increasing second regenerative braking force upon determining the brake mechanism shifts from an initial state to a braking state. The switch control part switches to a control performed by the second control part in response to the brake mechanism shifting from the initial state to the braking state while control is being performed by the first control part.
id-US8981588B2    abstract-An auxiliary bicycle power supply system is provided that basically includes a bicycle power generating portion and an auxiliary power supply portion. The auxiliary power supply portion operates by power from the bicycle power generating portion. The auxiliary power supply portion is configured to supply power generated by the bicycle power generating portion to an electrical bicycle component based on a power supply situation from a main bicycle power supply.
id-US8538620B2    abstract-A vehicle speed VSP enters a creep-cutoff-prohibiting speed region lower than V 1  with a forward creep torque being outputted (t 1 ), and then this state continues for a time duration set corresponding to a timer value NTM 1  (t 2 ). At this time, a creep cutoff is prohibited by setting a creep-cutoff-prohibition flag NFLAG at “1”. A braking force becomes larger than or equal to a creep-cutoff-permitting braking-force value to satisfy a creep-cutoff permitting condition related to the braking force (t 3 ) while a creep-cutoff permitting condition related to the vehicle speed has been satisfied because of almost zero of the vehicle speed VSP. In response thereto, the creep-cutoff permitting flag FLAG is set at 1 at t 4 . However, the creep toque continues to be outputted also after t 4  without the creep cutoff, so that a torque reduction accompanied with strangeness feeling can be prevented.
id-US8593101B2    abstract-A power converting device is disclosed that can reduce switching loss occurring in a voltage source inverter that drives an AC motor. It is possible to supply DC power to the voltage source inverter from both a voltage source rectifier, which converts AC power from an AC generator into DC power, and a battery. A first switching circuit is inserted between the voltage source rectifier and the AC generator, and the battery is connected to the output side of the voltage source rectifier. A second switching circuit is inserted between the battery and the voltage source inverter. A third switching circuit and a reactor are inserted in series between the input side of the voltage source inverter and the input side of the voltage source rectifier. At least one of an upper arm and a lower arm of the voltage source rectifier can be chopper controlled.
id-US8319458B2    abstract-Methods and systems for operating an inverter coupled to an electric motor are provided. The inverter has a plurality of high switches and a plurality of low switches coupled to the electric motor. An event indicative of deceleration of the electric motor is detected. The inverter is alternated between a first mode of operation and a second mode of operation during the deceleration of the electric motor. In the first mode of operation, each of the plurality of high switches is activated and each of the plurality of low switches is deactivated. In the second mode of operation, each of the plurality of low switches is activated and each of the plurality of high switches is deactivated.
id-WO2011157452A2    abstract-The invention relates to the Ladungstragersystem (4) for a vehicle (2), in particular the driving electronics, and the present Ladungstragersystem (4) comprises a Bodengruppe, the first comprising a backup power supply (9) and a thin Verbindungsvorric htung. (10) Establish a difficult relationship between the Bodengruppe(7) Ladungstragersystems (4) and (2), the bottom attachment system (4) consists of an adapter (5) consisting of a set of carriers (6), a floor group (7) consisting of soluble carriers, and an adapter (5). The adapter (7) comes with a second connected device (12). You can also connect (5) with a matching device (13) to generate a soluble connection between the adapter (7) and the loader generation (5). The device also relates to the vehicle and the loading system. The invention relates to technology for loading and unloading such a vehicle system.
id-US20120119683A1    abstract-The present invention provides a power supply device for an electric vehicle that allows highly efficient operation of a compressor inverter. A power supply device for motor vehicle  10  has: a main circuit  13  having a power source  11,  a DC-DC converter  18,  and a main inverter  17  that drives a main motor  12;  an auxiliary circuit  15  having an auxiliary inverter  19  that drives an auxiliary motor  14,  a first electrical circuit  23  that is connected to the main circuit  13  on a primary side of the DC-DC converter  18,  a second electrical circuit  24  that is connected to the main circuit  13  on a secondary side of the DC-DC converter  18,  and a connection circuit  30  configured to be capable of selecting one of the first electrical circuit  23  and the second electrical circuit  24  as a path for supplying a direct current voltage to the auxiliary inverter  19;  and a control device  16  that controls the connection circuit  30  when the main motor  12  is in power running operation so that switching between the first electrical circuit  23  and the second electrical circuit  24  is performed corresponding to a required voltage of the auxiliary inverter  19.
id-WO2012000665A3    abstract-This image shows an engine propulsion system, where an engine is connected to a generator... The generator and motor also correspond to this shaft, and the control unit of the power propulsion system is the power propulsion system, which is designed with multiple wheels, and the control system is connected by one wheel and one wheel respectively.
id-WO2011162056A1    abstract-Automotive drive system 1 is used for both the output components of the first and second engines ENG1 and ENG2, the first and second transmissions TM1 and TM2, the first and second one-way clutches OWC1, OWC2, and one-way clutches The rotating drive member 11, which transmits the rotating power transmitted to the output member to the driving wheel and rotates together with the driving wheel, is connected to the through, and the motor driving function and drive that provides the rotating power for driving to the driving wheel or other driving wheels Mg1, the main motor generator with regenerative driving function which generates power by the power from the wheel side and provides regenerative braking power to the drive wheel at the same time, the first and second clutch between the output member of one-way clutch and the drive member under rotation Cl1, CL2, and a control unit 5 that shuts off the clutch mechanism and regenerates the main motor generator when the vehicle slows down. This will increase energy recovery efficiency during deceleration.
id-EP2399769A3    abstract-It will be a vehicle with multiple electric vehicles. (20) Description. There is about 28 seconds of power failure... The new generator provides the power switch system (22). There are [42] welders, which transmit electrical energy to the stomata (22). All electric judges are composed of contract electronic fabric of a similar nature, using solid tiles, but the purpose of the device varies from device to device.
id-US8744712B2    abstract-A drive control device for an electric vehicle that is driven by a motor-generator, includes: a detection unit that detects a fact that an accelerator pedal depression amount and a brake pedal depression amount of the electric vehicle are both zero; and a control unit that sets a regenerative braking torque command value for the motor-generator to zero, while the detection unit is detecting the fact.
id-US8723306B2    abstract-Heat radiation surfaces  7   b  and  8   b  of electrode lead frames  7  and  8  make thermal contact with heat radiation members  301  via insulation sheets  10  to dissipate heat from a power semiconductor element  5  to the heat radiation members (thick portions  301 ). Each of exposed areas of the heat radiation surfaces  7   b  and  8   b  and a surface  13   b  of a mold material (sealing material  13 ) adjacent to the exposed area produce an uneven step from which either one of the exposed area and the surface  13   b  adjacent to the exposed area projects. The step side surface formed between the convex surface and the concave surface of the uneven step has an inclined surface  7   a  or  13   a  so configured that an obtuse angle can be formed by the inclined surface and the convex surface and by the inclined surface and the concave surface for each.
id-US8872473B2    abstract-A system for recharging a battery in a hybrid vehicle provided with two motor is provided. If connection of a recharging connector (recharging stand) is detected, an initial activation of a controller is performed, and a DC link is pre-recharged. If the DC link is pre-recharged to a voltage higher than or equal to a predetermined voltage, an exterior AC or DC electricity is supplied to the battery so as to recharge the battery according to the present invention.
id-US8892287B2    abstract-With a hybrid vehicle driven at extremely low speeds only by power from the electric motor, when a state-of-charge of the battery becomes equal to or smaller than a predetermined level or when a rotational speed required on the air conditioner compressor is less than a desired rotational speed, power from the internal combustion engine is transmitted to the output shaft by engaging the first engaging and disengaging mechanism, starting the internal combustion engine by power from the electric motor, and thereafter, engaging the first engaging and disengaging mechanism or the second engaging and disengaging mechanism between a fully applied state and a fully released state.
id-US20150344081A1    abstract-A vehicle includes a highly aerodynamic body for two passengers side by side with two non-steering front wheels spaced apart across the body and covered by exterior panes and a single rear steering ground wheel The bottom panel is planar and the rear wheel is carried in a disk in the plane which rotates to steer with a self centering cam. A hybrid drive system includes batteries and ultra-capacitors charged by regeneration operated by a separate foot pedal. The body includes a full width door that hinges at the front  45  and opens to near vertical to allow the passengers to step over the frame onto the floor in front of the seat with the steering wheel and pedals moved away. Wiring is contained in flat compartments in the interior walls. The batteries are contained in a temperature controlled container located at the front which also acts as a crush zone.
id-JP4906982B1    abstract-It provides an electric bike that can generate electricity and turn on the front light even when the remaining capacity of the battery and other electric storage devices is low, while minimizing the burden on the rider. The motor drive unit 7 with the motor 25 is set in the middle position between the front and rear wheels. The brushless motor is used as the motor 25, and the motor drive unit is used as the chain that transmits the human drive force from the pedal to the rear wheels. The auxiliary drive force output sprocket 27 that outputs the auxiliary drive force from 7 is meshed, and the clutch is arranged on the force transmission path between the motor output shaft 25a and the auxiliary drive force output sprocket 27 in the motor drive unit 7. In addition, the human-driven force generated when the pedal is pressed is constantly transmitted to the motor 25 through the chain, which generates power through the regenerative action of the motor 25. Select diagram: figure 6
id-US20120029766A1    abstract-A driving support apparatus and method is provided. The apparatus includes a regenerative electric power specification unit that determines electric power generated by a regenerative brake. Also included is a guidance unit that performs guidance to encourage the deceleration of a vehicle at a timing based on a distance from the vehicle to a target. As setting unit sets a new timing for providing guidance based on the electric power determined by the regenerative electric power specification unit where the electric power is regenerated in response to braking that is performed after guidance, but before the vehicle passes the target. Subsequently, the guidance unit provides guidance at the new timing.
id-US8612110B2    abstract-A traveling vehicle system includes traveling vehicles; a controller which controls operations of the traveling vehicles; and a power line which electrically connects the traveling vehicles with each other, and supplies electric power to each of the traveling vehicles. Each of the traveling vehicles includes a motor which runs on the electric power supplied via the power line and drives the traveling vehicle, and when decelerating, generates regenerative electric power to be supplied to another one of the traveling vehicles via the power line, and the controller controls the operations of the traveling vehicles so that a time of one or more first traveling vehicles decelerating overlaps a time of one or more second traveling vehicles accelerating, the first traveling vehicles being decelerating traveling vehicles, the second traveling vehicles being accelerating traveling vehicles, and the first traveling vehicles and the second traveling vehicles being included in the traveling vehicles.
id-US20120012409A1    abstract-A power-assist hand truck for assisting in the movement of objects. The powered hand truck includes two electric disc gearmotors, an overrunning clutch hub for each driven wheel, an e-stop switch, a speed control, a power source, a motor controller, and other necessary electronics, which can be integrated into an existing hand truck or platform cart or compose a new handtruck or platform cart. Power is provided by replaceable/rechargeable batteries. The batteries can be charged from a stationary power source or by a mobile power source such as that of a vehicle battery. In forward motion the speed control and motor controller provide variable power-assist levels, however, the overrunning clutch hubs allow the user to walk as quickly as desired. The e-stop switch engages and disengages the gearmotors from the power supply, thereby allowing the user to selectively switch between regenerative braking and low rolling resistance operation.
id-WO2012010615A1    abstract-The invention is concerned with (1) having at least one electronic device (2), which includes an electronic machine (2)Bremsvorgang's Fahrzeuges:(1) when the generator operates and generatorischen enterprises use the information provided by the electronic machine (2) for the Nutzenergie energy supply Electric vehicles have consumers (1). To Verzogerungs /. Drag the electric aircraft (2) to ensure Betriebsbremsanlage Fahrzeuges (), thereby alleviating (low power energy to avoid Betriebsbremsanlage) Energiebetrag, which in Bremsbetrieb Fahrzeuges(1) are manufactured by at least one electric machine (2) but currently according to Fahrzustand Fahrzeuges (1) and/or Fahrerwunsch's environmental affairs supervise electricity consumers not to Nutzenergie State, as Heath at least one of the new electric Verbrauchers Fahrzeuges(1) and (or) at least one new Antriebsaggregates Fahrzeuges of (4,9)(1) and (or) at least one executable electric Verbrauchers by adjusting Betriebspunktes Antriebsaggregates(4 or all and/or 9) convert vehicles into heat and transport them to nearby areas.
id-JPWO2012004842A1    abstract-Based on the images of the front and rear of the vehicle CR taken by the photographic department 730, the judgment department 740 determines whether the front vehicle of the vehicle CR exists in the front and whether the rear vehicle of the vehicle CR exists in the rear. In the case that the results of the front judgment and/or the results of the rear judgment are positive, the distance between the vehicle distance acquisition section 750 calculates the distance to the front vehicle and/or the distance to the rear vehicle. In addition, the derived section 760a refers to the map information in the storage section 710 according to the current position of the vehicle CR. After determining the road attributes including the inclination information of the road that the vehicle CR will drive in the future, it refers to the maximum charging efficiency information in the storage section 710, and the vehicle The maximum efficiency speed of both CR is calculated. Then, according to the maximum efficiency speed determined by the judgment part 740, the calculation result obtained by the distance between the vehicles obtained by the part 750, it is recommended to improve the charging efficiency of using regenerated energy and harmonize traffic safety. To derive driving operation information.
id-WO2012001508A1    abstract-A spreader unit for a de-icing substance to clear a road or pedestrian surface, comprises a hopper (6) containing the de- icing substance, a spreader device (7) that receives the de- icing substance from the hopper (6) spreading the latter on the road or pedestrian surface, a carrying device (8) to convey the de-icing substance of the hopper (6) to the spreader device (7), a rechargeable battery (9) to power the carrying device (8) and an electric mechanical converter (10) for charging the rechargeable battery (9) transforming mechanical power.
id-US8954249B2    abstract-A braking force control apparatus for a vehicle estimates the friction coefficient μ of a road surface as the state of the road surface on which the vehicle travels, and determines an ideal braking force μW by making use of the estimated road surface friction coefficient μ. When μ is equal to or greater than a predetermined friction coefficient μ 0 , the braking force control apparatus operates an in-wheel motor in a regeneration state to generate a motor braking torque Tmr, and causes a friction brake mechanism to generate a frictional braking force Bf computed by subtracting Tmr from μW. When μ is less than μ 0 , the braking force control apparatus operates the in-wheel motor in a power running state to generate a motor driving torque Tmc, and causes the friction brake mechanism to generate a Bf computed by adding Tmc to μW.
id-US10336208B2    abstract-Systems and methods are provided for regulating the state of charge of a battery. An exemplary electrical system includes a fuel cell coupled to a bus and a battery coupled to the bus via a switching arrangement coupled to a capacitor. An exemplary method for operating the electrical system involves operating the switching arrangement such that a voltage of the battery is substantially equal to a voltage of the fuel cell when a state of charge of the battery is greater than a lower threshold value and less than an upper threshold value, and operating the switching arrangement to couple the capacitor electrically in series between the battery and the bus when the state of charge of the battery is not between the lower threshold value and the upper threshold value.
id-US8960350B2    abstract-A vehicle includes a floor panel and an electric storage apparatus fixed to a lower face of the floor panel and outputting an energy for use in running of the vehicle. The electric storage apparatus includes a first electric storage stack including a plurality of electric storage elements, an electronic device used to control charge and discharge of the electric storage apparatus and located below the first electric storage stack in the vehicle, and a case accommodating the first electric storage stack and the electronic device and fixed to the lower face of the floor panel.
id-US8768554B2    abstract-An in-vehicle power supply device includes an electric generator, a main power supply, a DC/DC converter, a power storage unit, and a controller for controlling the DC/DC converter. The DC/DC converter stores regenerative electric power generated by the electric generator, and discharges the stored regenerative electric power to the main power supply and the load. The controller stops the DC/DC converter when a charging-status value is not larger than a predetermined lower limit value. Additionally, the controller activates the DC/DC converter when the charging-status value is larger than the lower limit value and the vehicle ends deceleration; and activates the DC/DC converter when a speed of the vehicle is not lower than a predetermined speed and an accelerator position of the engine is not larger than a predetermined accelerator position even if the charging-status value is not larger than the predetermined lower limit value.
id-JPWO2012029088A1    abstract-[issue] to suppress the inflow of water etc. to the vehicle equipment through the duct that flows the heat exchange medium that performs heat exchange with the vehicle equipment. The vehicle is characterized by a battery 30, a duct through which the air used to cool the battery 30 flows, and a bumper of the vehicle. The opening of the end of the duct faces the outer surface of the duct inside the bumper. . Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US9580066B2    abstract-A system for controlling a mode of operation of a vehicle having a rechargeable energy storage system (RESS), an engine, and a drive motor coupled to the RESS and the engine, the drive motor selectively powered by at least one of the RESS and the engine includes a controller operable to adjust the vehicle to operate in a plurality of operating modes including a first mode in which the drive motor is powered by the RESS, a second mode in which the drive motor is powered more by the engine than the RESS. When the second mode of operation is selected, controller is configured to operate the engine as necessary to maintain the RESS at or above a predetermined state of charge.
id-WO2012026244A1    abstract-The integrated control device (11) of the power storage system (1) obtains the status information of each power storage device (3a, 3b) from the control device (4a, 4b) of each unit module (2a, 2b), and compares the obtained status information with each other. Drive control of the electrical load (6) is performed based on the worst value of the status information.
id-WO2012026170A1    abstract-[problem] the regenerative braking immediately after the power supply stop is performed only by the operation of the power supply operating unit, and the dc regenerative motor that can store the power obtained by the regenerative braking and the rotation direction switch that can switch its rotation direction. The power supply signal generation part that outputs the power supply signal according to the first command signal; the regenerative signal generation part that outputs the power supply signal according to the second command signal; It is equipped with a segment with switching section that energized intermittently, and a regenerative power control section that accumulates the induced power by doubling the pressure, and rotates drive or regenerative braking according to the command signal. In addition, it is equipped with a rotation direction switcher that switches the rotation direction by selecting a field winding pair and supplying the power supply signal, making it possible for the electric vehicle to move forward and backward.
id-US20130141052A1    abstract-A system for storing electrical energy having several storage cells, each storage cell having an operating voltage, an electrical load and a switching element connected in series with each storage cell. The switching element being closed when a threshold voltage of the storage cell is reached or exceeded. The system including at least one module having several storage cells and a control device. The control device being configured to assign a temperature to individual storage cells and a module voltage to the module. The control device being further configured to alter the threshold voltage of the individual storage cells dependant upon the assigned temperature whilst maintaining the module voltage.
id-US8996216B2    abstract-An electrical system of a vehicle includes at least one energy store, the vehicle having an internal combustion engine and electric machine mechanically coupled thereto, an actuatable accelerator pedal for predefining a torque to be output, an engine controller for injection of fuel, and an actuatable brake pedal, using which a controller is activated at least in a first partial range of its actuation, subject to first external operating conditions, so that recuperative power of the electric machine is generated at the same time that energy is fed into the electrical system. To increase the recuperation potential, the electric machine is switched to recuperative power by the controller in an operating phase in which a driver request is inferred due to actuations of the accelerator pedal, resulting in a braking power of the vehicle, the injection of the internal combustion engine being maintained due to second internal operating conditions.
id-US8892279B2    abstract-A control apparatus for a motor-assisted bicycle detects a pedaling torque applied to a crankshaft with a pedaling force sensor, controls a motor unit in a regenerative control process to charge a battery if the torque value of the detected pedaling torque is equal to or smaller than a predetermined level, and controls the motor unit in an assistive control process if the torque value is greater than the predetermined level. The control apparatus controls the motor unit in the regenerative control process at a crankshaft angular position in which the torque value detected by the pedaling force sensor is equal to or smaller than the predetermined level, and switches from the regenerative control process to the assistive control process for controlling the motor unit at a crankshaft angular position in which the torque value detected by the pedaling force sensor becomes higher than the predetermined level.
id-US9145961B2    abstract-Two motor and planetary gear type speed reducers are disposed sequentially from an outer side in a width direction of a vehicle, whereby the speed reducers are disposed between the motors. A radially outer edge of a ring gear of one of the speed reducers is formed smaller than the smaller one of the two radially outermost edge portions of the motors. An offset space that is recessed further radially than an imaginary line that connects the radially outermost edge portion of one motor with the that of the other motor is provided radially outwards of the ring gear of one of the speed reducers, and at least part of a breather chamber of a breather unit and at least part of a strainer accommodation compartment are disposed within the offset space. It is thus possible to expand a volumetric capacity room that communicates with an interior of a case.
id-US8616321B2    abstract-A control apparatus for a motor-assisted bicycle detects a pedaling torque applied to a crankshaft with a pedaling force sensor, controls a motor unit of the motor-assisted bicycle in a regenerative control process to charge a battery if the torque value of the detected pedaling torque is equal to or smaller than a predetermined level, and controls the motor unit in an assistive control process if the torque value is greater than the predetermined level. The control apparatus includes a storage unit for storing an assisted state and a regenerated state in a single event of use of the motor-assisted bicycle by a user, and a control quantity corrector for correcting a control quantity of the assistive control process and a control quantity of the regenerative control process based on the assisted state and the regenerated state which are stored in the storage unit.
id-US8498765B2    abstract-A control device configured with a first control portion controls an engagement pressure of a first engagement device to make a rotational speed of the input member equal to a predetermined rotational speed during the specific electric power generation control. A second control portion controls an engagement pressure of the second engagement device in such a manner as to make a transfer torque capacity of the second engagement device equal to a predetermined transfer torque capacity during the specific electric power generation control. Another control portion determines a target rotational speed in such a manner as to maintain a state in which an electric power generation amount achieved by the rotating electrical machine coincides with a predetermined target electric power generation amount, in accordance with a magnitude of a differential torque as a difference between a torque transmitted via the first engagement device.
id-US8602936B2    abstract-An automobile driving system includes an engine and a transmission. The transmission includes a variable gear ratio mechanism and a gear ratio of the transmission can be set to infinity. A one-way clutch is provided at an output portion of the transmission. At a time of a engine stopping controller controlling to stop the engine, a transmission-and-control device uses inertia from the engine up to an input member of the one-way clutch as assisting force for driving operations of the variable gear ratio mechanism to change the gear ratio at the transmission to infinity or close to infinity, before the engine actually stops.
id-US8540602B2    abstract-A drive device for a hybrid vehicle is provided with an engine and a motor generator. A one-way clutch is provided between the engine and the motor generator. Power is transmitted from the engine to the motor generator, while power from the motor generator to the engine is blocked. As a result, the electric motor can be operated without operating the engine. Furthermore, a torque converter is connected to the motor generator, and the engine is connected to the torque converter via a starting clutch. As a result, if a one-way clutch is provided, the motor generator can serve as a starter motor.
id-US8439795B2    abstract-In a vehicle that generates creep torque using an electric motor, a controlling means that causes, on the basis of the results of the detecting by the vehicle speed detecting means and the braking operation detecting means, the electric motor to generate the creep torque, wherein if the brake is operated when the creep torque is generated, the controlling means decreases the creep torque by a first level, if the brake is not operated when the creep torque is generated, the controlling means increases or decrease the creep torque in a level range on the basis of the speed of the vehicle detected by the vehicle speed detecting means, and the first level is a decreasing level larger than a possible maximum decreasing level in the level range.
id-US8689921B2    abstract-A control apparatus for a motor-assisted bicycle detects a pedaling torque applied to a crankshaft with a pedaling force sensor, controls a motor unit of the motor-assisted bicycle in a regenerative control process to charge a battery if the torque value of the detected pedaling torque is equal to or smaller than a predetermined level, and controls the motor unit in an assistive control process if the torque value is greater than the predetermined level. The control apparatus switches between the assistive control process and the regenerative control process depending on the torque value which is detected, increases the predetermined level if the state of charge of the battery becomes lower than a first level, and restores the predetermined level if the state of charge of the battery becomes higher than a second level which is greater than the first level.
id-US9296376B2    abstract-A vehicle brake system is provided with a hydraulic brake device, a regenerative brake device incorporating a generator motor, and a brake control device. The control device includes a section for calculating a driver target brake force for each wheel corresponding to a manipulation amount of a braking manipulation member, a section for enabling the brake control device itself to set compensation brake forces for respective wheels, a section for selecting a larger one of the driver target brake force and the compensation brake force for each wheel and for subtracting a base hydraulic brake force from the selected brake force to set differences for respective wheels as compensated target brake forces for the wheels, and a section for controlling the distribution of the compensated target brake force for each wheel to a controlled hydraulic brake force for each wheel and a regenerative brake force for each driving wheel.
id-US8884561B2    abstract-In the case where DC power from a DC power supply is converted to AC power by an inverter and supplied to an AC motor, a power compensator is connected in parallel with a DC power input portion of the inverter, and a control device of the power compensator charges/discharges a power storage device to perform a power compensation process A when power demand for the AC motor exceeds a predetermined value, and takes into account power allowance which can be inputted and outputted from the DC power supply to the power storage device and performs a power storage adjustment process B of performing auxiliary charge of the power storage device within the range of the power allowance when the power compensation process A is unnecessary.
id-US9180780B2    abstract-A method in which open- or closed-loop control of a motor vehicle brake system is carried out having friction brakes on the wheels of at least one axle, wherein the brake pressure generating means for the wheels of at least one axle are in a direct operative connection to the brake pedal, and at least one electrical machine is in an operative connection to at least one axle which can be used by applying an electrically regenerative braking torque for converting kinetic energy into electrical energy. In order to raise the efficiency level of the recuperation, the regenerative deceleration is increased even in the case of an unchanged brake pedal position and/or brake pedal force, and a motor vehicle brake system which is open-loop or closed-loop controlled.
id-US8639421B2    abstract-Industrial truck with an electric travel drive and controls that can switch the electric travel drive to regenerative operation to brake the industrial truck, wherein an eddy current brake is provided that can be controlled or regulated by the controls during regenerative operation to brake the industrial truck, wherein the controls control or regulate the eddy current brake depending on the rpm of the electric travel drive, and wherein the controls control or regulate the eddy current brake in a manner such that the braking torque of the travel drive is supplemented at high rpms by the braking torque generated by the eddy current brake.
id-US20120056470A1    abstract-The present invention features braking control methods for an electric vehicle. Such methods include identifying a vehicle operational condition occurring during regenerative braking that reduces regenerative braking capacity; linearly reducing the amount of regenerative braking of a motor of the electric vehicle after identifying such a vehicle operational condition; and at the same time, increasing the amount of hydraulic braking of a hydraulic braking system to compensate for the reducing of the amount of regenerative braking. Such operational conditions include when the temperature of a motor or battery is increased above a predetermined level during regenerative braking or when the shift lever is shifted to Neutral (N) position by a driver during regenerative braking.
id-US8985713B2    abstract-Vehicle brake system comprises a hydraulic brake device, a regenerative brake device to drive wheels driven by a generator-motor and a brake control device for cooperatively controlling the hydraulic brake force and the regenerative brake force in response to an operation amount of a brake operation member. This vehicle brake system further includes a differential amount calculating portion calculating a differential amount by subtracting a regeneration execution brake force obtained by execution of the generator-motor from a regeneration request brake force, a regenerative range judging portion for judging whether the regeneration request brake force is within a range of a re-generable brake force which is executable by the generator-motor and a hydraulic pressure restricting portion for restricting increase of the hydraulic brake force when the differential amount is a positive value and the regeneration request brake force is within the range of the re-generable brake force.
id-EP2620556A1    abstract-Provided is a construction machine capable of effectively lowering a voltage between terminals of an energy storage unit for use in drive assistance and regeneration without involving an intolerable increase in cost and facility space. The construction machine includes: a work device operable on drive and regeneration sides; an operation device (16) which receives a manipulation and outputs an operation command concerning the work device; a hydraulic unit including a hydraulic motor (7) as a drive source to drive the work device; an electric unit including an electric motor (11) as a drive source and an energy storage unit (23) functioning as a power source for the electric motor (11) to assist driving of the work device by the hydraulic unit; a control device (24, 25) which makes the electric power of the energy storage unit assist the hydraulic unit when the operation device (16) is manipulated for the drive side, and makes the electric motor (11) generate regenerative electric power for supplying the regenerative electric power to the energy storage unit (23) as charging electric power when the operation device (16) is manipulated for the regeneration side; and a power-discharge command unit (26) which commands a discharge of the energy storage unit (23). In the case where the discharge command is issued, the control device (24, 25) operates the electric motor (11) to lower a voltage between terminals of the energy storage unit (23) when the operation device is manipulated for the drive side, and makes only the hydraulic unit decelerate or stop the work device when the operation device is manipulated for the regeneration side.
id-EP2426019A2    abstract-The invention relates to a device for configuring braking force to a braking system. The purpose of this invention is to add the distribution of brake force variables to hydraulic mechanical drivetrains, such as mixed water and electric vehicles. The task is solved using A Verstellsystems (WB), whose Verteilungsverhaltnis A ¢P-A ¢1 A ¢P-A ¢2 Stellglied (SG) delay, and thus different Verteilungsverhaltnisse stop let. Then, drop the drag between the model machine and the hydraulic press. In the backup braking simulator, the reduced power is replaced by the backup braking torque. The device can reduce the load of the hydraulic mechanical brake system, reduce its speed with the regenerative brake pads, and does not affect the braking force generated by the driver.
id-JP2012075209A    abstract-[challenges] we provide a power generation system for railway vehicles that can control the operation of engine generators or the generated power without exchanging electrical control information between the engine control system and the power generation control system. The engine controller, which controls the output of the engine, recognizes the engine speed signal calculated by the speed calculator based on the information of the rotation detector installed on the engine, and controls the engine output according to the engine speed signal. I do. In addition, the generator control device that controls the power generated by the generator recognizes the power generated by the generator rotation speed signal calculated by the speed calculation unit based on the information of the rotation detector installed in the generator, and controls the power generated according to the power generated by the generator rotation speed signal. This makes it possible to control engine power generation without exchanging information between engine and generator control. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-JP2012075265A    abstract-[challenges] combining multiple motor units to obtain a large output rotation speed and to reduce the rotation speed range of individual motor units to achieve compactness, high efficiency, stable operation and low cost, multiple rotor suitable for installation in vehicles Provide type electric motor. A plurality of motor units (outer motor unit 2, inner motor unit 3) and one end of motor unit 2 each have a stator and a rotor whose relative rotation speed changes according to the electrical input provided from the power supply unit. Case 7 for fixing the stator 21 at one end, compound rotor 4 and motor unit at the other end, which consists of the rotor 25 of motor unit 2 at one end and the stator 31 of motor unit 3 at the other end, are directly or indirectly connected through another motor unit. The output shaft 36 is connected to the rotator 35 of knit 3 and rotates freely bearing on shell 7. Select diagram: figure 8
id-JP2012065396A    abstract-[challenges] we provide an electric machine equipped with an electric drive device that can improve the convenience of charging storage elements with electricity from external power sources such as commercial power systems, and can simplify the circuit configuration compared to conventional machines. [solution] the same dc voltage is supplied from the storage element BT, and multiple motors M,... Multiple inverters to drive each 11,... The electric working machine 100 with the electric drive device 10 has the first opening and closing part SWa, which electrically conducts and interrupts between the first group G1 and the connecting group Gn, and the middle point LG1 of the first group G1 and the group LG6 of the second group G2 The first connection terminal T1 connecting the first inductor L1 to the midpoint of, T2 and the second connection terminals T3 and T4 are connected to the external power supply PW through the second inductor L2 between the middle point of group LG7 of group G3 of the third group and the middle point of group LG12 of group G4 of the fourth group. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2012035817A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a regenerative device that reduces the starting torque load at the start of an electric vehicle and functions as a regenerative motor during running and to a motor-driven driving body using the regenerative device. [solution] high load of torque on the drive shaft when the moving body is driven by the motor Auxiliary drive motor, which generates regenerative power at low load and recharges the electric accumulator, and main drive motor, which recharges the electric accumulator with regenerative power at low load and no load when the torque of the drive shaft is low load, and drives the driving body driven by the motor. It is equipped with a feature that starts with the auxiliary drive motor and then moves to the main drive motor to reduce the torque load at the start.
id-EP2433831A3    abstract-The home procedure is the following steps of the electric Flurforderzeugs :• Charge the battery and a Ladestrom Flurforderzeugs slows down when Fahrantriebsmotor manufacturing features, including the following steps :• Identify the constant ability of Flurforderzeugs to identify •Ladezustands battery limit Flurforderzeugs deceleration, maximum limit The degree of deceleration of the maximum speed is smaller than a Ladezustand Flurforderzeugs, if a play of the maximum Ladezustand is also formed one over the maximum formation.
id-WO2012043107A1    abstract-We provide rotational electric machinery with improved torque by suppressing the narrowing of the magnetic path due to skin effect in the housing. In order to solve the above problems, the rotating electric machine of the present invention is composed of, for example, a stator core composed of a core back and teeth, a stator winding winding around the teeth, a stator core composed of a stator core and a stator winding, and a magnetic body. The housing housing housing the stator and the rotor that can be rotationally configured on the inner side of the stator, and a gap is provided between the inner wall of the housing and the outer surface of the core back. In addition to the structure, the core back has a protrusion in the radial direction back of the part with teeth, and the protrusion is continuously set in the axis direction, and the front part of the protrusion is in contact with the inner wall of the housing, and the empty part The gap may consist of the inner wall of the housing, the outer surface of the core back and the protrusion.
id-US20130221935A1    abstract-A setpoint for a mechanical torque of a generator in a recuperation system of a motor vehicle is specified, and a generator current of the generator for setting the specified mechanical torque of the generator is set.
id-US8860363B2    abstract-A charge device converting electric power from an external power supply into a charging electric power for a power storage device is configured to allow power conversion bidirectionally. An AC/DC converter of an external charging system converts AC power of a power line into a charging electric power for an auxiliary battery. A DC/DC converter of the vehicle running system converts the electric power from the power storage device into the charging power for the auxiliary battery. When charging of the auxiliary battery is requested, a control device selectively executes a first charge of converting the electric power of the power storage device by the DC/DC converter to charge the auxiliary battery, and a second charge of converting the electric power of the power storage device by a charge device and the AC/DC converter to charge the auxiliary battery, according to an output state of the auxiliary battery.
id-US8761984B2    abstract-A kinetic energy recovery system (“KERS system”) and motorcycle equipped with the same is disclosed. The KERS system may be mechanical, hydraulic, or a combination thereof. In an embodiment, motorcycle includes a rear wheel, an electric motor, a motor shaft, and a front wheel equipped with a wheel hub that includes a sprag clutch. The motor shaft can be fitted with a motor drive sprocket that drives a jackshaft chain that in turn drives a jackshaft input sprocket that is fitted to the jackshaft. Jackshaft input sprocket may be installed in conjunction with a sprag clutch that allows the rear wheel to free wheel during coasting while the front wheel KERS system is engaged. The motor harvests kinetic energy from the front wheel without simultaneously powering the rear wheel while the use of a geared dead zone allows the front and rear wheels to not lock together to improve safety.
id-US8983723B2    abstract-Braking/driving force control that includes: detecting a driver's operating state for causing the vehicle to run; detecting a vehicle body motional state while the vehicle is running; computing a target longitudinal driving force for causing the vehicle to run and motional state amounts for controlling a vehicle body behavior on the basis of the detected operating state and motional state; and computing driving or braking forces allocated to the wheels so as to achieve the computed target longitudinal driving force and target motional state amounts and that the braking/driving force generating mechanism causes the wheels to generate independently.
id-US8847544B2    abstract-An electric load is electrically connected to a path between an external power supply and a power storage device. An ECU executes temperature-rise control, when the temperature of the power storage device is low, ensuring power consumption of the electric load in association with charging/discharging of the power storage device. During execution of temperature-rise control, the ECU sets a power command value of the external charger, alternately causing a discharging mode having the output power of the external charger positively controlled and in which power consumption of the electric load is ensured in association with discharging of the power storage device, and a charging mode having the output power of the external charger negatively controlled and in which power consumption of the electric load is ensured in association with charging of the power storage device.
id-US8880263B2    abstract-A control device is provided for controlling a hybrid vehicle including an engine, a motor generator, and a battery arranged to be charged by and to discharge to the motor generator. The control device includes an abnormality judging section configured to judge whether or not an abnormality is generated in the engine. The control device further includes an assist prohibition section configured to prohibit the motor generator from being used as a power source when the abnormality is generated in the engine.
id-US8305085B2    abstract-A lithium-ion battery controlling apparatus includes a controller. The controller is configured to raise an upper-limit voltage in response to capacity degradation of a lithium-ion battery which is configured to supply power to a load and receive power from the load.
id-US9401617B2    abstract-A method for operating a hybrid drive device including an internal combustion engine-generator unit as a range extender, at least one electric machine for driving and for decelerating the hybrid vehicle, and a battery. During operation of the at least one electric machine, the electrical power provided by a generator of the internal combustion engine-generator unit and/or the electrical power provided by the at least one electric machine in regenerative mode for charging the battery is/are controlled and/or regulated in such a way that the electrical charging capacity of the battery is below a predefined limiting value.
id-US8371401B1    abstract-An electric power hybrid propulsion generation system for a motor vehicle which comprises a wind turbine rotatively mounted on a roof of the motor vehicle. Two independent electric generators are in the motor vehicle. Two drive belt assemblies extend between the wind turbine and the electric generators. An auxiliary battery array in the motor vehicle is electrically connected to the electric generators. An electric motor drive in the motor vehicle is powered by the auxiliary battery array to operate rear wheels of the motor vehicle independently from a fuel engine and transmission of the motor vehicle, which operates front wheels of the motor vehicle.
id-US8571779B2    abstract-A brake control apparatus is provided with a frictional braking unit configured to generate frictional braking force, a regenerative braking unit configured to generate regenerative braking force, a fluid pressure control valve configured to adjust an operating fluid pressure, and a controlling unit configured to execute regenerative control to cover entire required braking force required by a driver by the regenerative braking force and executing switching control to cover the required braking force by the frictional braking force in place of the regenerative braking force by adjusting to increase the operating fluid pressure by the fluid pressure control valve when a predetermined condition is satisfied. By covering the entire required braking force by regenerative braking force and executing the switching control to adjust to increase the operating fluid pressure by the fluid pressure control valve to cover the required braking force when a predetermined condition is satisfied.
id-US9108514B2    abstract-A control device for a braking system equipped with an electric drive device and/or generator device includes: a first receiving device with the aid of which a specified value regarding a brake pressure in at least one wheel brake cylinder of at least one brake circuit is receivable, a second receiving device with the aid of which an actual value regarding a pressure in the at least one brake circuit and/or the brake pressure in the at least one wheel brake cylinder is/are receivable, and a control unit with the aid of which a setpoint mode of the electric drive device and/or generator device is specifiable taking the received specified value and the received actual value into account.
id-US20120109519A1    abstract-A battery electric vehicle (BEV) routing apparatus and methods are presented for routing to a charging station, in which a vehicle navigation system obtains current utilization and compatibility information from a live database and uses this to selectively route the vehicle to a charging station having available chargers compatible with the vehicle.
id-WO2012057323A1    abstract-[challenges] improve reliability by avoiding contact between the wire harness and electrode terminals. [solution] the group battery is in the state of stacked multiple battery cells 1 and multiple battery cells 1 with electrode terminal 3 on the upper surface, and has bus bar 6 connecting electrode terminal 3 of adjacent battery cells 1 and wire harness 7 connecting electrode terminal 3. Furthermore, an isolation wall 11 is set between electrode terminal 3 and wire harness 7. [effect] since the battery has an insulation wall between the electrode terminal and the wire harness, the wire harness does not touch the electrode terminal directly. I have nothing to do.
id-US8924063B2    abstract-The present invention aims to enhance fuel economy without imparting a sense of discomfort to a driver who drives a vehicle. A determination unit determines whether a depression amount of an accelerator pedal is equal to or lower than a first threshold value set beforehand, when a clutch is disengaged and electric power is regenerated. A clutch control unit controls the engagement or the disengagement of the clutch in such a manner as keeping the disengagement of the clutch, when the depression amount of the accelerator pedal is determined to be equal to or lower than the first threshold value, and engaging the clutch when the depression amount of the accelerator pedal is determined to exceed the first threshold value. The present invention can be applied to a hybrid vehicle.
id-JPWO2012056855A1    abstract-When the second clutch has a negative slip polarity, the shock to start the engine is reduced. The control device of the hybrid vehicle includes engine 1, motor generator 2, first clutch 4, second clutch 5, and cranking start permission control unit (FIG. 13). The first clutch 4 is interlocked between engine 1 and motor generator 2 and is fasten when the engine starts with motor generator 2 as the starter motor. The second clutch 5 is interlocked between the motor generator 2 and the tires 7 and 7, and is slip-fastened when the engine starts. When the engine start request is a driving force request due to an increase in the accelerator opening, and the slip polarity of the second clutch 5 is negative, the cranking of engine 1 is applied until the slip polarity is positive. "Waiting for the start".
id-WO2012050010A1    abstract-The purpose of the present invention is to provide a construction machine that can effectively charge power to a capacitor, considering the drive of a turning part or a hydraulic working device. Therefore, the state of the construction machine (2) is grasped in advance, the energy is calculated, the next action is predicted, the amount of energy to charge the capacitor (13) is determined, and the DC/DC converter (15) is controlled accordingly. As a result, it is possible to reduce the loss during regeneration in conventional batteries (lead-acid batteries) and improve efficiency.
id-JPWO2012056516A1    abstract-Switch relay (50, 55) is configured to switch between the first supply path for supplying power from the charging inlet 40 to the outlet 60 and the second supply path for supplying power from the storage device 10 to the outlet 60. PM , 55) to switch between the first supply path and the second supply path.
id-US20130187576A1    abstract-Provided is a load driving device capable of efficiently recovering and using regenerative power and an inverted type movable body equipped with same. The load driving device includes a battery that supplies power to a load when driving the load, and is charged with a part of regenerative power when the regenerative power equal to or higher than a first reference value is generated by the load. The load driving device also includes an internal circuit that consumes at least a part of regenerative power when the regenerative power is generated by the load.
id-JP2012076701A    abstract-[challenges] to suppress the drop in the amount of SOC in the vehicle, in which the driving mode switch is left to the driver's manual operation. The hybrid ECU100 and the output control of the motor/generator 20 in the EV driving mode that USES the power of the motor/generator 20 to generate the driving force is set to the upper limit of the output permission value corresponding to the EV driving mode. The motor/generator ECU102 and the non-e that can generate driving force and charge the secondary battery 25 with the power other than the motor/generator 20 and multiple EV driving modes set for each vehicle speed region or motor rotation speed region The clutch 50, clutch pedal 51 and variable speed operation device 71, which allow the driver to manually select the desired driving mode from the V driving mode, can reduce the output permission value of 0 between the adjacent EV driving mode in the direction of increase and decrease of vehicle speed or motor rotation. Or set to almost 0. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US9290097B2    abstract-An apparatus for transferring energy using onboard power electronics with high-frequency transformer isolation includes a power electronic drive circuit comprises a dc bus and a first energy storage device coupled to the dc bus. A first bi-directional dc-to-ac voltage inverter is coupled to the first energy storage device and to the dc bus, and a first electromechanical device coupled to the first bi-directional dc-to-ac voltage inverter. A charging system coupled to the dc bus via a charge bus comprises a receptacle configured to mate with a connector coupled to a voltage source external to the power electronic drive circuit and an isolation transformer configured to electrically isolate the charge bus from the receptacle. A controller configured to cause the charging system to supply a charging voltage to the dc bus based on a voltage received from the voltage source external to the power electronic drive circuit.
id-US8744656B2    abstract-A running control device for an electric vehicle includes: a first calculation unit that calculates a predetermined reference torque required for braking/driving the motor that provides a beneficial effect with regard to power consumption of the electric vehicle; a second calculation unit that calculates interval allocation between a first interval in which the electric vehicle is propelled by braking/driving the motor at the predetermined reference torque and a second interval in which the electric vehicle is coasted without the motor being braked or driven; a third calculation unit that calculates a control requested torque for braking/driving the motor intermittently, so as alternatingly to repeat running of the electric vehicle in the first intervals and coasting of the electric vehicle in the second intervals; and a running control unit that performs running control of the electric vehicle by braking/driving the motor intermittently according to the control requested torque.
id-US9381897B2    abstract-The invention relates to a method for operating a vehicle ( 1 ), in which energy is recovered in overrun and/or braking phases (T 2 ) of the vehicle ( 1 ) and stored in an energy store ( 4, 5 ) within the vehicle, wherein the environment (E) of the vehicle ( 1 ) is detected by means of a detector ( 6, 13 ) and, depending on detection of an object ( 2, 11 ) in the vehicle environment (E), at least one object characteristic (v 2 , Δv, L) is evaluated and, depending on the evaluation of the object characteristic (v 2 , Δv, L), the overrun and/or braking phase (T 2 ) is performed automatically in a manner adapted to at least one parameter characterizing the energy store ( 4, 5 ). The invention also relates to a driver assistance device ( 7 ) for a vehicle ( 1 ).
id-US9225204B2    abstract-A coil unit includes a second self-resonant coil electromagnetically resonating with a spaced, first self-resonant coil to perform at least one of transmitting power to the first self-resonant coil and receiving power from the first self-resonant coil, the second self-resonant coil including a first coil and a plurality of second coils provided inside the first coil, the direction of a magnetic field formed by the first coil is the same as those formed by the second coils.
id-US8876658B2    abstract-In an electrically driven vehicle propelled by an electric machine (motor)equipped with a collaborative braking system of regenerative and frictional braking capacities, in order to achieve the “rollback prevention” at starting on an sloping road, when the regenerative braking is not available due to charging restriction to battery, frictional braking is used instead of regenerative braking and wheels are (automatically, i.e. not manually by driver) braked with friction to prevent the rollback. Moreover, in addition to braking wheels by frictional braking, further control is performed to adjust and match the magnitude of frictional braking force to a braking force in accordance with the starting operation. Thus, at the time of rollback prevention by the frictional braking as well, the similar prevention of rollback will be possible as the prevention by way of regenerative braking such that the effect of rollback prevention may be achieved without a feel of discomfort.
id-US9415694B2    abstract-A power device of an electric vehicle according to the present invention includes an electricity storage device which stores electricity of direct current, an inverter device which generates alternating current from the direct current stored in the electricity storage device, multiple electric motors which receive supply of electricity of the alternating current generated by the inverter device and generate a traveling driving force, and a driving force transmission mechanism which transmits rotation of each output shaft portion of the multiple electric motors to a driving wheel. The driving force transmission mechanism is configured such that rotation of each output shaft portion is transmitted to the driving wheel with an equal speed change ratio, and the multiple electric motors are connected to a single inverter device, and configured to receive electricity supply of the alternating current generated by the single inverter device.
id-US9154021B2    abstract-A power transmission device for an electrically driven vehicle basically includes a power transmission mechanism, a sliding contact brush, a brush case cover, and a brush protective jig. The power transmission mechanism includes a case element, an axle element and a power transmission element. The sliding contact brush is mounted on an axle end of the axle element. The brush case cover is selectively mounted to the case element to enclose the axle end of the axle element in the case element. The brush protective jig is mounted to cover the brush contact when mounting the sliding contact brush to the axle end. The brush protective jig is dimensioned to contact the brush case cover and to prevent the brush case cover from being mounted to the case element while the brush protective jig is in an attached state that covers the brush contact.
id-US20120139329A1    abstract-An automotive vehicle braking system includes a regenerative brake system operable upon a deceleration request from at least one of an acceleration member and a braking member. At least a portion of the deceleration request is adjustable by a user when the deceleration request is provided by the acceleration member.
id-US9120480B2    abstract-A hybrid electric vehicle includes a wet clutch device that establishes and interrupts a connection between an engine and an electric motor, and a transmission switchable between a driving range in which driving force can be transmitted to driving wheels and a non-driving range in which transmission of the driving force is interrupted. When a battery temperature is greater than a warm-up determination value while the vehicle is at a standstill with the transmission switched to the non-driving range, the wet clutch device is kept disengaged. When the battery temperature is less than the warm-up determination value, a battery warm-up control unit switches the wet clutch device into engaged state to connect the engine and the electric motor together and vary driving force of the electric motor alternately to a positive side and a negative side so as to repeatedly charge and discharge the battery.
id-WO2012066124A1    abstract-The invention relates to a flagella (30 years old) driving with a muscle motor, a first echelon (52 years old,60 years old), stored in a majority of gears (53-59, 62, 76, 78) and a second round (32 years old,34), a majority of gears corresponding 45-51, 64, 80 82) Storage with gears (53-59, 62, 76, 78) first wave (52,60) long shank, which simplifies Getriebewellen(32, 34, 52,60) connected to the power shaft (22) of the electric machine (20) so that it is separated from the gear piece (10) by a torque.
id-WO2012068409A3    abstract-A transmission for a motor vehicle is provided. The transmission is a plurality of switches that reconfigurably interconnects constrained energy sources through switch settings. In one embodiment, the energy sources are batteries or fuel cells for an electric or hybrid motor vehicle. The transmission is in communication with a controller that receives energy from the plurality of energy sources and regulates output energy. In one embodiment the controller is a pulse width modulation controller and may also be an inverter and/or converter. A device for converting the output energy of the controller into one of a force or a rate is provided. In one embodiment the device is an electric motor.
id-US20120138395A1    abstract-An automotive vehicle braking system includes an electronic shift controller in communication with a vehicle control unit for manually adjusting a signal indicative of a regenerative braking intensity. The electronic shift controller communicates with the vehicle control unit through a gateway module for analyzing the signal indicative of the regenerative braking intensity.
id-US20120139328A1    abstract-An automotive vehicle braking system includes a hydraulic brake system in communication with a regenerative brake system. The regenerative brake system has both a fixed system logic portion and a user-adjustable system logic portion. The fixed system logic of the regenerative brake system is driven by a brake member displacement.
id-WO2012070105A1    abstract-Electric motorcycle includes battery, three-phase ac electric motor, motor controller, accelerator operator, accelerator operation detection unit, brake operator and brake operation detection unit. An electric motor has a variable field means to change the strength of the field field, and it is configured to generate the driving force to be transmitted to the drive wheel when the current is supplied from the battery, and to generate a regenerative current when the drive wheel is rotated by external force. The motor controller is a pre-defined regenerative control unit that supplies the regenerative current generated by the electric motor to the battery when the accelerator operation and the brake operator operation are detected. A regenerative quantity setting unit, which sets the maximum regenerative current to the first specific value when the accelerator operation is detected, and the maximum regenerative current to the second specific value when the brake operator operation is detected.
id-WO2012072323A1    abstract-This invention is for the manufacture of a device (40) to load and output a hydraulic solution, especially for hybrid or electric vehicles, specifically indicated: a cylinder (42); A flask (43) that can be used to extract and export liquid (42) from a plastic bottle. And Antriebseinrichtung(46), one of the Rampenmechanismus(47) hypothesized that at least one of the slopes (53, 53) had at least Walzkorper (51) Kolbens (43). abrollt moves styles while Rampenmechanismus(47) moves between Stirnseite (62) Kolbens(43) and one Stirnseite(63) to Antriebseinrichtung(46) are Zahnrads(61). v.
id-EP2644434A1    abstract-A two-wheeled electric vehicle includes a battery, a three-phase AC electric motor, a motor controller, an accelerator operator, and an accelerator operation detection means. The electric motor is arranged to generate a driving force to be transmitted to a drive wheel when a current is supplied from the battery and to generate a prescribed braking torque when coils of three phases are short-circuited. The motor controller includes a short-circuit control means for putting the electric motor in a short-circuited state in response to meeting of a short-circuiting condition, a release control means for releasing the short-circuited state in response to meeting of a release condition when the electric motor is in the short-circuited state, and a regeneration control means for executing a regeneration operation of supplying a regenerative current, generated by the electric motor, to the battery when the operation amount of the accelerator operator is zero. When the short-circuited state is released by the release control means, the regeneration control means controls the regenerative current so that the electric motor generates a braking torque equivalent to that in the three-phase short-circuited state.
