id-US20220097676A1    abstract-The invention provides a brake assist and retarder system for hybrid commercial vehicles. The system is mainly specific to the application scenarios of long-distance transport for large commercial vehicles (trucks or buses). According to the vehicle-mounted three-dimensional electronic map, the three-dimensional positioning data of the vehicle measured by the navigator, and data such as relative speed and absolute distance between the vehicle and the vehicle ahead in the same lane measured by the forward looking millimeter wave radar, the electrical power split device is commanded through the vehicle control unit to allocate the flow direction and amplitude of 100 kW-class electric power accurately, continuously and dynamically among the generator set, the power battery pack and the driving motor with response time scale of 10 ms, and meet the transient power balance of road load required by the vehicle dynamics equation in real time; achieve vehicle energy saving and emission reduction through predictive adaptive cruise control and fuel saving AI algorithms, educe drivers' labor intensity of long-distance driving, realize the functions of emergency brake assist and retarding when the vehicle is going down a long slope, and improve the vehicle driving safety.
id-US20200233410A1    abstract-Aspects of the present disclosure generally pertains to freight trailers having onboard power. Aspects of the present disclosure more specifically are directed toward an electric freight trailer that can recycle the trailer braking energy of the towing vehicle, and also provide additional thrust to propel the freight trailer. Aspects of the present disclosure are also directed toward an electric freight trailer that can propel itself independently of a tractor, including steering and braking. Aspects of the disclosure are also directed toward additional subsystems that can utilize the trailer energy source.
id-JP2020117167A    abstract-[issue] heat generated by motor generator during regenerative operation is properly distributed to vehicle components, and can be effectively used or discharged to the outside. The heat distribution device of the hybrid vehicle according to the invention includes: engine cooling circuit 3 circulating cooling water for cooling internal combustion engine 2; MG cooling circuit 6 circulating refrigerant for cooling motor generator (MG) 4 and 5; Equipped with heat exchanger 7 for heat exchange between the cooling water and the refrigerant. According to the charging rate SOC of battery 31, when it is determined that battery 31 can be charged, the charging control of charging the power generated in the regenerative operation to battery 31 is performed (steps 2 and 3 in figure 3). When it is determined that charging cannot be performed, the charging control is performed. Radiation control is performed to heat the heat generated during regenerative operation to the 3 side of the engine cooling circuit through the heat exchange between the refrigerant and cooling water in heat exchanger 7 (step 4 and later in figure 3). Select diagram: figure 3
id-US20220063626A1    abstract-A control device, a control method, and a control system for an electric vehicle are configured to use both of one-pedal feedback control based on an acceleration and one-pedal feedback control based on a speed, to thereby decelerate a vehicle to stop.
id-US20200231241A1    abstract-Systems and methods for operating an electric motor of a two-wheeled vehicle. One method includes detecting a position of a drive torque control included in the vehicle, detecting a position of a regenerative brake control included in the vehicle, mapping the detected position of the drive torque control to a requested driving torque, mapping the position of the regenerative brake control to a requested braking torque, determining, with an electronic control unit, a torque command based on the requested driving torque and the requested torque, and transmitting the torque command to an electric motor included in the vehicle.
id-JP2020114173A    abstract-[challenges] to provide a system for regenerative braking of at least one wheel of an electric motorcycle. [solution] a system and method for operating the electric motor of a two-wheeled vehicle are provided. One method is to detect the position of the drive torque controller included in the vehicle, detect the position of the regenerative braking controller included in the vehicle, and map the detection position of the drive torque controller to the required drive torque. Included in the vehicle are the steps to map the position of the tep and the regenerative braking controller to the required braking torque, and the steps to determine the torque command using an electronic control unit based on the required driving torque and the required torque. It involves sending a torque command to the electric motor and steps. Selection diagram: figure 5
id-WO2020151875A1    abstract-The program assigned some drivers to ask for Bremsmoments (FBM) before and after the Hinterachse(ha) of the VA Kraftfahrzeugs, while the tire Vorderachse(12, 12, 12) 14)(Father), a front of the front Reibbremsvorrichtung(20) and an electric machine (22) and tires (16, 18) of the variable speed drive axle (ha) a rear Reibbremsvorrichtung(24) and a rear electronic machine belonging to the rear (26) as indicated during the search Support one of the other Untersteuerubersteuersituation Kurvenfahrt Untersteuer - or ubersteuersituation entgegenwirkende The problem of Bremskraftverteilung (B ha) is thus entered into aufzubringendes via Bremsmoment (FBM) Vorderachse - Help him open the back of the Bremsmoment(Mankoff) and the VA's transaxle (haha) aufzubringendes Bremsmoment(Mankoff, ha), Bremsmomente(Mankoff, ha, each piece over 0.
id-WO2020158087A1    abstract-The invention provides a regenerative brake system that can control the braking force of the regenerative brake and make the posture stable even in the case that the rotation speed or speed of the left and right driving wheels of the left and right driving wheels are different. The regenerative braking system of the invention is mounted on an electric drive vehicle having a left and right separate drive wheels, a regenerative action determiner that determines whether the drive wheel is in power or regenerative mode, the rotation speed or number of the right drive wheel and the left drive wheel. The maximum value determiner inputs the rotational speed or number of revolutions of the side drive wheel and determines the maximum value; the power consumption controller inputs the maximum value and calculates the electrical energy to be consumed.
id-EP3689665A1    abstract-The invention relates to a method for operating a vehicle (30) having at least one electrical main storage which holds at least one main energy storage method for propelling the vehicle (30); The loading state of each main energy storage unit with at least one main energy storage unit depends on each value of the hit vehicle (30) and depends on the current speed of the vehicle to (30).
id-EP3919334A1    abstract-There are included a transmission mechanism interposed in a power transfer path between a drive source and wheels; an oil pressure control device that can supply lubricating oil to the transmission mechanism; and a control part that can output an electrical instruction to the oil pressure control device to increase a flow rate of lubricating oil supplied to the transmission mechanism. When the control part outputs an electrical instruction to the oil pressure control device to increase a flow rate of lubricating oil supplied to the transmission mechanism, and determines that the flow rate of lubricating oil supplied to the transmission mechanism from the oil pressure control device does not increase as indicated by the electrical instruction (time t1), the control part considers that the oil pressure control device is in an abnormal state, and can impose a limitation that an absolute value of torque of the transmission mechanism transferred between the wheels and the drive source be reduced (time t1-t5).
id-EP4173878A1    abstract-Systems and methods for operating an electric motor of a two-wheeled vehicle. One method includes detecting a position of a drive torque control included in the vehicle, detecting a position of a regenerative brake control included in the vehicle, mapping the detected position of the drive torque control to a requested driving torque, mapping the position of the regenerative brake control to a requested braking torque, determining, with an electronic control unit, a torque command based on the requested driving torque and the requested torque, and transmitting the torque command to an electric motor included in the vehicle.
id-WO2020169474A1    abstract-A container-handling vehicle for handling storage containers in a three-dimensional grid of an underlying storage system, comprising: at least one lifting device for lifting storage containers from and lowering storage containers to the underlying storage system, said lifting device comprises a lifting frame for gripping a storage container, a winch system for lifting and lowering the lifting frame, a motor to drive the winch system and a driver circuit with a controller controlling the motor; and at least first and second rechargeable power sources for providing power to the motor, wherein the driver circuit further comprises a regenerative energy circuit configured to harvest energy from the motor when the lifting frame is lowered into the storage system and where the driver circuit is configured to direct harvested energy to the rechargeable power sources according to levels of charge in the rechargeable power sources.
id-US11685265B2    abstract-A trailer can be configured to selectively provide powered wheels, energy recovery, and/or parasitic power source charging. A trailer-related trigger (drive activation trigger, an energy recovery trigger, or a parasitic charging trigger) can be detected. When a drive activation trigger is detected, one or more motors can be activated to power one or more wheels of the trailer, thereby providing extra pushing power. When an energy recovery trigger is detected, one or more power sources of the trailer can be charged by recovering energy from the trailer. When a parasitic charging trigger is detected, one or more power sources of the trailer can be charged using a portion of the power generated by a main vehicle operatively connected to the trailer.
id-WO2020164954A1    abstract-The invention manufactures systems for users to operate electric vehicles (10)(1) complete identification devices (2); Steuereinrichtung (top) and Identifikationseinrichtung Elektrofahrzeug:(1) having (2)verbindbar or connected simultaneously by Steuereinrichtung(above) at least one user (F) individual zugeordneter Elektrofahrzeug commander (P) (1) remain unemployed, Identifikationseinrichtung provisions at the same time (P)(2) stored and/or by the Datenplattform(5), such an identification device (2) is compatible with different types of electric vehicles (1) and applies the same operating parameters (P) to the corresponding electric vehicles (1).
id-US20230234457A1    abstract-Disclosed is a Zero Emission Onboard Charging System that charges the main battery of an electric vehicle when the vehicle is being driven in full operation or is at rest. The Zero Emission Onboard Charging System includes at least one direct current (DC) belt driven generator, at least one wheel, at least one pulley attached to the at least one wheel and configured to be attached by belts to the at least one DC belt driven generator, the at least one DC belt driven generator being configured to be driven by the belts attached to the at least one pulley while the electric vehicle is being driven, a voltage regulator wired to the at least one DC belt driven generator, the voltage regulator being configured to regulate DC power received from the at least one DC belt driven generator and to output a grid-equivalent alternating current (AC) charge output, a charging box wired to the voltage regulator, the charging box being configured to receive the charge output from the voltage regulator, a charge cable having two ends configured with a plug, wherein a first end is plugged into the charging box, and wherein the charge cable is configured to receive the charge output from the charging box, a charge port connected to the charge cable by a second end of the charge cable being plugged into the charge port, the charge port being configured to receive the charge output through the charge cable, and a main battery wired to the charge port, the main battery being configured to receive the charge output from the charge port while the electric vehicle is being driven.
id-WO2020174139A1    abstract-The invention relates to a method for determining a value of a parameter characterizing the state of health of a battery consisting of several cells and mounted on a land motor vehicle and to a computer system for determination (100) associated with it.
id-US20200271051A1    abstract-Disclosed is a Zero Emission Onboard Charging System that charges an electric vehicle primary and secondary battery when the vehicle is being driven in full operation or at rest. The Zero Emission Onboard Charging System includes a belt driven generator configured to be installed in the vehicle, a pulley configured to the wheel to attach with a belt to the generator, a charging port configured to receive a charge from the generator, and a charge input configured to receive the charge from the charging port and to supply the charge to a primary battery and or secondary battery that powers an engine of the vehicle. Multiple belt driven generators, pulleys, inverters and batteries can be installed in configuring versions of the Zero Emission Onboard to Charging System enabling vehicles to have unlimited driving range through perpetual onboard charging capability independent of the power grid with no fuel required generating power using forward motion of the spinning wheels of the vehicle. Presently electric vehicles have zero emissions when driving, however, when they charge from the power grid emissions are transferred from the vehicle to the power plant. The Zero Emission Onboard Charging System eliminates emissions from the vehicle and ends reliance on power grid that cause emissions and pollution to generate power needed to charge EV charging stations.
id-US10723229B1    abstract-A vehicle includes an electric machine, friction brakes, and a controller. The electric machine is configured to recharge a battery during regenerative braking. The friction brakes are configured to apply torque to wheels of the vehicle to decelerate the vehicle. The controller is programmed to, responsive to an anti-lock braking event, adjust a regenerative braking torque of the electric machine based on a difference between a desired wheel slip ratio and an actual wheel slip ratio.
id-WO2020199909A1    abstract-The utility model relates to a hybrid heavy truck fuel saving robot system which is mainly used for highway trunk logistics. Based on the vehicle's three-dimensional electronic map, the vehicle's dynamic three-dimensional positioning data measured by the satellite navigator, the parameters of each subsystem of the vehicle and the charging state of the power battery pack, and the relative speed and absolute distance between the vehicle and the vehicle in front of the same lane measured by the forward-looking millimeter wave radar, the system uses dynamic coordination between the cloud AI brain of the fuel-saving robot and the AI brain of the vehicle. The vehicle controller commands the on-board electric power shunt to accurately and dynamically allocate the flow direction and amplitude of 100-kilowatt-level electric power among the internal combustion engine (101), generator (110), battery pack (130a,130b) and drive motor (140,170) with a response time of 10 milliseconds to meet the transient power balance of the vehicle dynamics equation in real time. Through predictive adaptive cruise fuel saving control algorithm, vehicle fuel consumption and emissions are minimized, long-distance driving labor intensity is reduced, and active vehicle driving safety is improved.
id-US20200307384A1    abstract-A vehicle includes an electric machine and a controller. The electric machine is configured to draw energy from a battery to propel the vehicle and to recharge the battery during regenerative braking. The controller is programmed to, in response to identifying a regenerative braking opportunity along an upcoming road segment based on a classification of driver behavior and a classification of the upcoming road segment, operate the electric machine to recharge the battery along the upcoming road segment.
id-US11247570B2    abstract-An apparatus for controlling a towing mode of an electric vehicle is provided. The apparatus includes a first sensor that measures a speed of the electric vehicle and a second sensor that measures a gradient of a road on which the electric vehicle is driven. A controller detects a reference output of the electric vehicle based on the speed and the gradient of the road and detects a towing weight of the electric vehicle based on an excess rate of a current output with respect to the reference output. The towing mode of the electric vehicle is then executed based on the detected towing weight.
id-WO2020187961A1    abstract-The invention describes a method of controlling the flow of at least two electrical energy between an electric power source and a working vehicle. Mobile devices will begin to work a step further and will create at least the electrical energy required for two electric motors. In another step, the absorbable electrical energy will be divided between at least two electric vehicles in proportion to the two required electrical energy. The invention also describes the control device used in the design, and the working vehicle with an operating motive during the operation.
id-US11466432B2    abstract-To provide a technique for reliably acquiring a required braking power during travel and for efficiently using a regenerative power generated during braking. A work vehicle calculates a regenerative power outputted from an electric motor and a target hydraulic driving power for driving a hydraulic pump, supplies the regenerative power to the generator motor operating as a motor and makes the generator motor consume the regenerative power in a case where the regenerative power is equal to or smaller than the target hydraulic driving power, and supplies the regenerative power to the generator motor operating as the motor and makes an exhaust brake consume a power equivalent to a difference between the regenerative power and the target hydraulic driving power in a case where the regenerative power is larger than the target hydraulic driving power.
id-US20200295375A1    abstract-In formula (1) above, S is the ratio SB/SA of the total area SB of the at least one opening with respect to a unit area SA in the intermediate layer, and r is an average primary particle size of the active material particles.
id-US11267346B2    abstract-A vehicle includes first and second electric machines driven by inverters and coupled to first and second sets of wheels. The vehicle includes switches configured to selectively connect each of the electric machines in one of a wye and a delta connection. The vehicle further includes a controller programmed to operate the switches to select a connection for the electric machines and operate the inverters to proportion a torque demand between the electric machines based on speed of the vehicle.
id-WO2020195227A1    abstract-In a vehicle drive device, the power transmission path connecting the input member driven to the internal combustion engine and the output member driven to the first wheel is arranged in the order of the first clamping device, the first rotating electric motor and the second clamping device, starting from the input member. When the rotation of the internal combustion engine is stopped from the state of rotation of the internal combustion engine while the vehicle is running, the first clamping device is in the state of direct clamping and the second clamping device is in the state of release, so that the first rotating electric motor outputs negative torque. Perform constant running control.
id-US20200403229A1    abstract-According to one embodiment, there is provided an active material represented by a general formula Lix(NiaCobMncMd)1−s(Nb1−t−uTatM′u)sO2. Here, M is at least one selected from the group consisting of Li, Ca, Mg, Al, Ti, V, Cr, Zr, Mo, Hf, and W, M′ is at least one selected from the group consisting of K, P, Fe, Si, Na, Cu and Zn, and 1.0≤x≤1.3, 0≤a≤0.9, 0≤b≤1.0, 0≤c≤0.8, 0≤d≤0.5, a+b+c+d=1, 0.005≤s≤0.3, 0.0005≤t≤0.1, and 0≤u≤0.3 are satisfied.
id-WO2020185064A1    abstract-System producing electrical energy from kinetic energy, comprising: at least one apparatus transforming kinetic energy (7) into electrical energy; A continuously variable transmission (a), which connects the electrical energy transforming apparatus (7) with a source of kinetic energy; An electrical power terminal (13) is provided in the transformer apparatus (7) which transmits electrical energy; At least two electrical power storage modules (16 and 17); An electricity regulator (14) is provided between the electric power terminal (13) and the storage modules (16 and 17); A first selector device (15) is provided between the electricity regulating device (14) and the two electrical energy storage modules (16 and 17); A second selector device (18) connects to the two storage modules (16 and 17) to detect which of the storage modules has sufficient load; A direct or alternate electrical energy converter (19); And an electrical energy metering device (20).
id-US20190351895A1    abstract-A vehicle, integrated all-wheel propulsion and steering system with plurality of propulsion and steering power sources, designed with enumerate specifications are coupled to, and de-coupled from a final drive of the vehicle propulsion system. A controller receives input-signals from the driver steering-wheel sensor; computes a set of reactions to the plurality of steering-actuators, wherein feedback-mechanism with each wheel-position sensor, the controller secures each wheel in its computed angle. In different speed and load conditions, the controller is programmed to compute a desired power demand then couple to the final drive[s] the propulsion power source[s] that is designed to do-the-job with the least energy consumption. When the vehicle changes speed and load, the controller couples a different power source[s], and de-couples the previous power source[s] to meet the power demand. In turning-modes, whilst positioning every wheel in its computed position, the controller computes the different distances the left and the right wheels of the vehicle have to travel, wherein the controller moves-up the propulsion power sources velocity to the wheels opposite to the turn to make a perfect turn without EPS assistance.
id-US11447020B2    abstract-A lift device comprises a base, a linear actuator, and a rechargeable battery system. The base has a plurality of wheels. The linear actuator is configured to selectively move a work platform configured to support a load between a raised position and a lowered position. The linear actuator has an electric motor. The rechargeable battery system includes a battery, a heating system, and a battery charger. The battery is configured to power the electric motor of the linear actuator. The heating system is configured to selectively provide heat to the battery. The battery charger is configured to selectively charge the battery and to selectively charge the heating system. The heating system is configured to receive power from the battery through a battery power connection and to receive power from the battery charger through a battery charger power connection.
id-US10611247B1    abstract-A system for coupling a towing vehicle to a towed vehicle and/or for controlling charging/braking by the towed vehicle. The system may include a coupler coupling to the towing vehicle; and first and second tow bars having first and second ends and a rotational joint situated between the first and second ends, the first and second tow bars coupled to the coupler at the first ends and being non-parallel in at least one plane with the second ends located further apart from each other than the first ends. The rotational joint providing for the first and second tow bars to be positioned in an open and a folded position. The second ends of the first and second tow bars are configured to be coupled to the towed vehicle. For charging, a trip distance and charge of a towed vehicle battery is utilized to determine a charging rate for the trip.
id-US20210091638A1    abstract-This disclosure details cooling systems for cooling electric components, such as electric machines, within electrified vehicles. Exemplary cooling systems may include a spray bar positioned relative to a rear face of a stator of the electric machine. In some embodiments, the spray bar may be positioned axially between the rear face of the stator and a torque converter housing. One or more nozzles of the spray bar are configured to direct a coolant between adjacent back irons of the stator, onto end windings of the stator, or both. Actively cooling the stator allows the electric machine to operate at higher torques and speeds, thereby increasing performance.
id-US11472296B2    abstract-A fuel cell vehicle includes a fuel cell, a gas supply unit, a friction brake system, a drive motor, an electric storage device, and a control unit configured to execute control of obtaining requested braking force with use of friction braking force and regenerative braking force and control of performing a scavenging process. When the fuel cell vehicle is in braking with the friction braking force and the regenerative braking force, the control unit is configured to determine whether or not a scavenging preparation condition is satisfied with use of the amount of stagnant water stagnating in the fuel cell, execute a responsiveness enhancement process when the scavenging preparation condition is executed, and execute a scavenging process when the responsiveness enhancement process is completed, and the amount of the stagnant water reaches a reference value.
id-EP3725658A1    abstract-The electric bicycle (100) has an electric engine (140) powered by an electric accumulator (150), and moreover comprises: a frame (110), a front wheel (120), a rear wheel (130), an electromagnetic assembly (160) with at least one electromagnet, and an electric converter (170) electrically connected to the electromagnetic assembly (160) and to the electric accumulator (150) such as to be able to charge the electric accumulator thanks to electric energy received from the electromagnetic assembly (160); at least one of the two wheels (120, 130) comprises a plurality of magnets (137); the electromagnet (160) is fixed or bound to the frame (110) and it is positioned such as to magnetically interact with the plurality of magnets (137); an electronic control unit (190) is adapted for controlling an electric actuator such as to regulate the magnetic interaction between the electromagnet and the plurality of magnets (137).
id-WO2020217726A1    abstract-The weight estimation unit (51), which calculates the estimated weight (Wes) based on the information obtained from the running, and the optimal regenerative torque of the motor (2) relative to the running state (T OPT). The regenerative torque characteristic storage unit (52), in which the regenerative torque characteristic is stored in advance, and the optimal regenerative torque (T OPT) is obtained from the regenerative torque characteristic based on the accelerator opening (Ac) to optimize the optimal regenerative torque (T OPT) of the motor (2). The regenerative torque characteristic storage unit 52 includes a regenerative torque weak map (Mw) and a regenerative torque strong map (Ms) selected respectively according to whether the estimated weight (Wes) is less than the threshold (WTH). The regenerative torque control unit (53) controls the motor (2) based on the regenerative torque weak map (Mw) until the weight estimation unit (51) calculates the estimated weight (Wes).
id-US11453377B2    abstract-A braking force control apparatus includes: a prediction unit that predicts a time from a present time until a next start of the gear shift operation in the stepped automatic transmission based on a speed of the vehicle; an acquisition unit that acquires a state of a battery charged by a regenerative power generation of the regenerative generator; and a control unit that stops the regenerative power generation by the regenerative generator before the gear shift of the stepped automatic transmission is started, when it is determined, during the regenerative power generation by the regenerative generator, that the regenerative power generation by the regenerative power generator may be stopped due to the state of the battery during the gear shift operation of the stepped automatic transmission, based on a prediction result by the prediction unit and the state of the battery acquired by the acquisition unit.
id-US20220266695A1    abstract-A system includes one or more sensors that generate sensor measurements representing a first parameter of one or more components of a power circuit. The system includes a control unit that obtains a reference rate of change value of the first parameter based at least in part on the sensor measurements over time. The control unit compares rates of change of monitored values of the sensor measurements over time to the reference rate of change value over time, and determines a deviation condition in response to the rate of change of a first monitored value of the sensor measurements differing from the reference rate of change value by more than a determined tolerance margin value. The control unit generates a control signal responsive to detecting the deviation condition to change an operating condition of at least one of the components of the power circuit.
id-EP3722140A1    abstract-If there is a switch on the chain, which has at least one backup generator with a battery drive, attach a booster, after receiving or generating a brake signal, it will start the brake program with a remote control.
id-EP3722207A1    abstract-An exemplary rotorcraft (10) includes a propulsion system (22) including a prime mover (26) and a drive shaft (32) coupled to the prime mover (26), the drive shaft (32) including a coupling (36) separating the drive shaft (32) into an input shaft (38) and an output shaft (40), the coupling (36) operable between an engaged position rotationally coupling the input shaft and the output shaft and a disengaged position rotationally disengaging the output shaft from the input shaft, a main rotor (18) coupled to the prime mover, a secondary rotor (18') attached to the output shaft, and a motor (56) coupled to the output shaft.
id-JP2020169897A    abstract-[challenges] to provide a control device that can both protect the energy storage device and use it up. The state computing part of SOC, which represents the storage state of the storage device, and the error calculation of the storage error of SOC, which increases with the passage of time during the charging and discharging of the storage device. Power setting unit, which sets the maximum power that can input and output power from the power storage device according to SOC and storage error. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-US20200369334A1    abstract-A modular electric truck system provides an electric truck that has a scalable chassis that can be equipped with interchangeable modular body components that detachably attach to the truck chassis to change the appearance and functionality of the electric truck. An interior cabin comprises furniture, lighting elements, computer devices, and entertainment systems. The driver sits in a center driving position where visibility and positional awareness is enhanced. The electric truck is 100% electrical; and thereby provides convenient electrical charging means for the truck through a charging trailer that attaches to the truck, and/or at least one solar panel on the roof, bed, or trailer of the truck. The solar panel charges a battery that operatively connects to a hub motor in the wheels. A remote control system remotely controls at least one trailer. The trailer may be tethered, wireless, or autonomous to wirelessly track and follow the truck.
id-US20200369248A1    abstract-The present disclosure relates to a method for controlling a hydraulic brake system during a regenerative braking process. In the method, a displacement of a hydraulic fluid in the direction of a wheel brake is performed by means of a brake cylinder. The method comprises the step whereby an isolation valve which is assigned in terms of flow to the wheel brake and which is situated in a flow path of the hydraulic fluid is adjusted in the direction of a closed state in order to set a pressure difference between a region positioned upstream of the isolation valve in terms of flow and a region positioned downstream of the isolation valve in terms of flow. The present disclosure furthermore comprises a hydraulic brake system for a motor vehicle, a computer program product, a control unit and a motor vehicle.
id-US20200353819A1    abstract-A brake force control apparatus allocates all of required brake force to a target front wheel friction brake force when the required brake force is equal to or smaller than a maximum regeneration brake force. The apparatus decreases the target regeneration brake force by a first predetermined amount at a first time point at which a front wheel acceleration varies from a value larger than a first acceleration threshold to a value equal to or smaller than the first acceleration threshold. The apparatus increases the target regeneration brake force in such a manner that the target regeneration brake force coincides with the required brake force, if the front wheel acceleration becomes larger than a second acceleration threshold in a period from the first time point to a second time point at which a predetermined time elapses from the first time point.
id-WO2020227286A1    abstract-A brake system of a vehicle is disclosed. The braking system includes: a sensor configured to transmit a signal; a brake control unit (BCU) connected to the sensor and configured to determining a braking torque in response to the received signal; an electric motor connected to the BCU and configured to generate the braking torque; a braking mechanism connected to the electric motor to produce an braking effect from the braking torque; and a transmission situated between the braking mechanism and the wheel and configured to amplify the braking effect.
id-US20200361469A1    abstract-This disclosure relates to an electrified vehicle configured to selectively increase an energy recovery threshold and a corresponding method. In particular, an example electrified vehicle includes an energy recovery mechanism configured to apply a negative wheel torque up to a negative wheel torque threshold. The electrified vehicle also includes a controller configured to selectively increase the negative wheel torque threshold based on a mass of the electrified vehicle.
id-WO2020227348A1    abstract-Various technologies for reducing or increasing a speed of a vehicle by rotating its handlebar.
id-US20200361473A1    abstract-An apparatus for controlling a transmission of a vehicle includes a determination device that determines whether a condition for a regenerative braking based lift foot up shift is satisfied, a controller that performs regenerative brake control and performs a shift by controlling release clutch torque and lock-up clutch torque, when the condition for the regenerative braking based lift foot up shift is satisfied, and a torque compensation device that compensates for the release clutch torque according to an RPM variation during the shift.
id-WO2020229252A1    abstract-Thus, the invention reveals the reflex control of an electric vehicle. In particular, if it is at another high temperature, and if it is a mechanical brake, one of the motor's traction battery pumps may be released through the lower limit line when another voltage is accepted.
id-WO2020235316A1    abstract-The subject of the invention is to control the driving force and braking force of the motor while considering the SOC of the battery. The first mode, wherein alternating current is applied to the windings of the multiple systems, and the first mode, wherein the combined magnetic field generated in the windings is above the specified value, generates torque. The second mode is characterized in that the alternating current with a phase difference different from the mode is applied to the windings of multiple systems, so that the combined magnetic field generated in the windings is less than the specified value, and the current of the first mode or higher is applied to the second mode to control the rotating electric current. I do.
id-US11155183B2    abstract-A method of controlling a battery includes controlling a latching relay unit in response to vehicle state information, and converting a battery system of a vehicle into either a high-voltage battery system or a low-voltage battery system according to control of the latching relay unit.
id-US11285951B2    abstract-A vehicle brake control apparatus includes a vibration detector configured to detect a predetermined vibration state in a frictional brake device, a power regeneration execution determination unit configured to determine, in a case where the predetermined vibration state is detected by the vibration detector, whether to permit execution of power regeneration by a power generating device or to limit the execution, a pressing force controller configured to change, in a case where the execution of the power regeneration is limited by the power regeneration execution determination unit, a pressing force of a friction material in the frictional brake device, and a driving force cooperative controller configured to adjust a driving force of a vehicle to suppress fluctuation in forward acceleration or backward acceleration of the vehicle associated with a change in the pressing force by the pressing force controller.
id-US11241976B2    abstract-A vehicle includes: a battery; a motor-generator configured to be coupled to a wheel; a power converter configured to convert and supply, to the motor-generator, power of the battery and to convert and feed back, to the battery, power generated in the motor-generator in response to rotation of the wheel; an SOC deriving unit configured to derive a state-of-charge of the battery; a battery temperature sensor configured to detect a temperature of the battery; and a switching controller configured to derive, based on the state-of-charge and the temperature, a number of revolutions for switching at which switching between servo-off control and zero-torque control is performed, and to perform the servo-off control if a number of revolutions of the motor-generator is equal to or lower than the number of revolutions for switching and perform the zero-torque control if the number of revolutions is higher than the number of revolutions for switching.
id-WO2020257490A1    abstract-A powered weight distribution system is provided for a vehicle having a platform on which a load is supported. The powered weight distribution system includes a shiftable axle assembly. The shiftable axle assembly includes a drivable axle and a frame supporting the drivable axle. The frame is configured to be supported on the platform. The frame is switchable between a locked configuration in which the frame is fixed relative to the platform and an unlocked configuration in which the frame is shiftable relative to the platform. The shiftable axle assembly further includes a powering element configured to rotatably drive the drivable axle, such that the frame and the drivable axle shift relative to the platform when the frame is in the unlocked configuration and the drivable axle is rotated by the powering element.
id-WO2020260112A1    abstract-The invention involves a vehicle, preferably a commercial vehicle, a tour bus or a bus. The electric vehicle antreibbare(1) consists of a generatorisch betreibbare electronic machine (2), memory for electricity (3), a Fahrzeugteil electric and a Steuervorrichtung(5). The electrical energy (3) of the memory is trained (4) the electrical energy (2) is included in the electric aircraft (2) and/or the electrical energy (4) is given to the electronic machine (2).Steuervorrichtung(5) is trained to execute at least one predetermined Energieabfuhrbedingung generatorischen The electricity generated by electric machines (2) in the enterprise (4) to electric advanced Fahrzeugteil: just like the conversion of energy, while electric CEO Fahrzeugteil Fahrzeugrahmen(6) and/or Fahrzeugaufbau(7) and/or are a body (8).
id-US11084395B2    abstract-A battery management system for a vehicle, a battery management method thereof and a vehicle including the same, which can vary a state of charge (SOC) of a battery in accordance with a location of a recharging station are disclosed. The battery management system includes: a position information acquisition unit for acquiring position information of a recharging station and the vehicle; a storage for storing a hilly area recharging station list comprising position information of hilly area recharging stations and learned full SOC values; and a controller for controlling the position information acquisition unit and the storage. The controller checks whether a recharging station where recharging of the vehicle is executed is a hilly area recharging station, and restricts a full SOC in order to avoid restriction of regenerative braking according to downhill road travel, thereby enhancing fuel economy and safety.
id-WO2021004526A1    abstract-The invention relates to an electro-hydraulic coupled wire control power braking system, which comprises an integrated IBS designed wire control power system and an electro-hydraulic coupled brake system. The wire control power system comprises a pedal execution unit (1) and a pressure building unit (2), and the electro-hydraulic coupled brake system comprises an ABS anti-lock braking system (3), a wheel hub motor drive system and a hydraulic brake. The pedal executive unit (1) comprises a master cylinder (9) and an input push rod (12); The brake pedal (4) is not directly connected to the piston push rod that performs braking in the master cylinder (9) under normal conditions, so as to achieve full decoupling. The brake pedal (4) is transmitted to the brake control system ECU (14) through the detection data of the pressure sensor. Shorten the pressure building time, effectively reduce noise, realize the full decoupling of brake pedal and master cylinder push rod, effectively improve the efficiency of motor regenerative energy recovery, reduce vehicle energy consumption, maximize the use of motor electromagnetic braking to achieve vehicle braking requirements, improve driving range, improve vehicle safety and stability. It also relates to an electro-hydraulic coupling braking method.
id-US20220250503A1    abstract-A topology structure of a power battery pack for a diesel-electric hybrid locomotive includes a plurality of components. A chopper unit is connected in parallel to a support capacitor, an AC/DC module, a DC/AC module, a reactor unit and a power battery system. The power battery system includes several groups of power modules. The power module includes a contactor unit, a current sensor, a fuse, a power battery, and a voltage sensor. The contactor unit, the current sensor and the power battery are connected in series. Two ends of the voltage sensor are respectively disposed at two ends of the power battery. A locomotive microcomputer is connected to a DUC controller and a power battery management system. The DUC controller is connected to the DC/AC module, the chopper unit and the contactor unit. The power battery management system is connected to the contactor unit.
id-US20230077556A1    abstract-A multi-motor switching system and method for obtaining a global optimization of performance criteria that takes into account variables and conditions across an entire driving cycle. The controller of the system is adapted to conduct a global optimization in that it determines the most optimal distribution of motor loads over an entire trip or driving cycle, as opposed to sequentially determining the optimized solution for a given point of time and localized set of current condition. In one embodiment where the control system provides for global optimization, the controller receives trip information through a trip planning tool. The controller utilizes the trip information to generate a driving cycle and further incorporates this information into the optimization process performed by the controller to determine the optimal solution for the entire trip.
id-US11453381B2    abstract-A vehicle and a method for controlling the vehicle are provided. The vehicle may include a battery; and a motor configured to generate a driving force by using the electric power charged in the battery, perform a regenerative braking, and charge the battery through the regenerative braking. The vehicle identifies destination information entered in the input during the preparation of charging at the charging station, searches for a route from the charging station to the destination based on the position information of the charging station and the position information of the destination, acquires the charging amount by regenerative braking based on the road information in the searched route and the table, and stops controlling the charging of the battery when the charging amount charged in the battery is charged by the regenerative braking during charging of the battery at the charging station.
id-WO2021020371A1    abstract-The braking control device, for example, is applied to a vehicle in which the regenerative power Fg generated by the regenerative generator GN on the front wheel WHF is generated on the front wheel WHF. The braking control device is equipped with "actuator YU capable of generating front and rear friction damping force FMF and FMR separately for each front wheel WHF and rear wheel WHR of the vehicle" and a controller ECU for controlling actuator YU ". In the braking control device, the controller ECU adjusts the front and rear wheel friction control power FMF and FMR based on the normative regenerative force Fz corresponding to the rotation speed Ns corresponding to the rotation speed Ng of the regenerative generator GN.
id-WO2021019780A1    abstract-A front wheel drive system with a front wheel drive motor and a front wheel side transmission to drive the front wheels and a rear wheel drive system with a rear wheel drive motor and a rear wheel side transmission to drive the rear wheels. This is a transmission control method in which speed and rear wheel side transmission are performed respectively, and the drive force of the front wheel and the drive force of the front wheel compensate for the loss of the drive force of the front wheel during the front wheel speed change and the drive force of the rear wheel during the rear wheel speed change, respectively. It is served. In this transmission control method, when the vehicle accelerates, the speed of the front wheel change as the speed of the front wheel change is set to be lower than the speed of the rear wheel change as the speed of the rear wheel change.
id-US20210001728A1    abstract-A system and method for setting a regenerative braking value are disclosed. The disclosed system may include: a first measurement unit configured to measure the displacement information of a brake pedal of an electric vehicle; a second measurement unit configured to measure the speed of the electric vehicle; a third measurement unit configured to measure the distance from the electric vehicle to an object in front of the electric vehicle; a first computation unit configured to compute the brake force required for a deceleration of the electric vehicle by inputting the displacement information and the speed into a first fuzzy logic algorithm; and a second computation unit configured to compute the regenerative braking value by applying the brake force and the distance to the object to a second fuzzy logic algorithm.
id-EP3971014A1    abstract-A method and apparatus for distributing the electric braking power of a hybrid electric tram, and a medium. The method comprises: during the braking of a traction motor, acquiring the braking voltage value and braking current value of a traction inverter system; obtaining the energy consumption power of an energy consumption system, the output power of a one-way power supply system, and the maximum charging power of an energy storage system; according to the energy consumption power, the output power, the maximum charging power, the number of traction inverters, and the braking voltage value, calculating the maximum current limiting value fed back to a bus by a single traction inverter; and dynamically controlling the on/off of a braking resistor system according to the braking current value and the maximum current limiting value. When the braking power exceeds the carrying capacity of the energy storage system, the excess power is consumed on the braking resistor system to ensure that there is no overcurrent on the energy storage system; when the braking power is within the carrying capacity of the energy storage system, all the braking power is fed back to the energy storage system, thereby implementing reasonable distribution of braking energy, and improving the utilization rate of braking energy.
id-US20210016665A1    abstract-Provided are a motor driving apparatus and a clothing treatment apparatus including the same. The motor driving apparatus includes an inverter unit including a plurality of upper switches and a plurality of lower switches and configured to output AC power to a motor by a switching operation and a processor configured to control the inverter unit to perform power generation braking by maintaining the plurality of upper switches in a full off state and maintain the plurality of lower switches in a full on state. The processor performs a current control step of complementarily switching phase currents flowing into the plurality of upper switches and the plurality of lower switches prior to the power generation braking.
id-WO2021014768A1    abstract-The vehicle (200) is equipped with a power receiving device (205) that receives power from the transmission device (100) installed on the track (RS), and with power supplied from the power generating unit using an internal combustion engine or fuel cell (E21, E21b), the vehicle power (230) charged by the power supplied through the receiving device (E1), and in the case that the receiving device receives power from the transmission device, control the generating unit and supply the vehicle power from the generating unit It includes a vehicle control device (290) to reduce the power to be applied.
id-US11117563B2    abstract-An integrated electric booster braking system with a pedal force compensation function, comprising a booster motor, a first gear, a second gear, a lead screw, a brake master cylinder, a pedal push rod, a master cylinder push rod, a fluid storage tank, a hydraulic control unit and an electric control unit, wherein first gear and second gear are assembled in a housing, first gear is engaged with the second gear, the booster motor is connected with the first gear and drives the first gear to rotate, the first gear drives the second gear to rotate during rotation, the second gear is in threaded connection with the lead screw, the second gear drives the lead screw to move during rotation, the lead screw is of a hollow structure, and the rear end of the lead screw is abutted with the front end of a first piston in the brake master cylinder.
id-US20210053448A1    abstract-Methods and system are provided for generating regenerative braking torque at a front axle and a rear axle of a vehicle. In one example, the regenerative braking torque may be a function of a normal load applied to the front axle and a normal load applied to the rear axle.
id-US20210046911A1    abstract-A system for multiple brakes intelligently controlled by a single brake input on a personal mobility vehicle. By determining a front and rear brake differential based on the position and weight of the rider as well as the environmental and vehicle conditions, the system may reduce the risk of the vehicle skidding or tipping due to over-braking. In some embodiments, a rider may use a single brake lever to indicate a desire to brake and the system may make determinations about how to apply a combination of mechanical and electrical brakes to front and back wheels. By applying different braking systems based on a combination of controls and sensors, the system may improve user experience and user safety, especially for inexperienced riders.
id-EP3778285A1    abstract-The invention relates to an engine of an electric vehicle (1), at least one electric vehicle engine (2), at least one light electric machine (5), operating preferably a generator (5), which has a main disassembly (20) and an auxiliary fuel disassembly (21). At the same time dynamoelektrische machine (5) with diesel engine... (2) With mechanized especially electronic performance as at least one electric engine, while also providing electronic power to at least one electric Fahrmotor(16) and at least one Gleichrichter Betriebs-Zwischenkreisumrichter(30 years old),(7) and at least one Wechselrichter(8), of which the electric parallel Gleichrichter(7) is actively supervised by one selbstgefuhrter and Hilfs-Wechsel richter(6) specifies the equivalent Gleichspannungs in (DC)-Seite Hauptzwischenkreis Betriebs-Zwischenkreisumrichters(30 years old) (9) wear Wechselspannungs electrical connection - (AC) -Seite Hilfsbetriebewicklung(21) connects the Gleichspannungs(DC)-Seite selbstgefuhrter actively to supervise and Hilfs-Wechselrichter(6) defines the case as at least an electronic memory (17).
id-US11124192B2    abstract-This disclosure relates to an electrified vehicle configured to selectively increase an energy recovery threshold based on a friction prediction, and a corresponding method. In particular, an example electrified vehicle includes an energy recovery mechanism configured to apply a negative wheel torque up to a negative wheel torque threshold. The electrified vehicle also includes a controller configured to selectively increase the negative wheel torque threshold based on a predicted coefficient of friction between a tire of the electrified vehicle and a road surface.
id-JPWO2021033644A1    abstract-The control unit of the vehicle control system for controlling the first rotation electric motor and the second rotation electric motor includes the absolute value of the first speed calculated based on the rotation number of the first rotation electric motor and the absolute value of the second speed calculated based on the rotation number of the second rotation electric motor The speed of a smaller absolute value is used to calculate the torque required by the first rotation motor and the second rotation motor, and the stop control of the first rotation motor and the second rotation motor to stop the vehicle is controlled based on the torque. .
id-EP3789231A1    abstract-Provided are embodiments for a braking system, where the system includes a controller, a motor coupled to an H-bridge network, a DC link coupled to the motor, and an electrical braking system (100) electrically coupled to the motor. The electrical braking system (100) includes a sense circuit configured to sense a condition of the DC link, a brake resistor coupled to the DC link, a drive circuit coupled to the sense circuit, and a transformer for regeneration. Also, provided are embodiments of a method for operating an efficient regenerative resonance electrical braking system (100).
id-US20210061094A1    abstract-A utility vehicle includes: a pair of front wheels; a pair of rear wheels; at least one front wheel power source configured to drive the front wheels and not to drive the rear wheels; at least one rear wheel power source configured to drive the rear wheels and not to drive the front wheels; and a controller that controls the front wheel power source and the rear wheel power source. Upon receiving a predetermined two-wheel drive command, the controller brings the front wheel power source into a non-operative state while allowing the rear wheel power source to drive the rear wheels. Upon receiving a predetermined four-wheel drive command, the controller brings the front wheel power source into operation while allowing the rear wheel power source to drive the rear wheels.
id-US11273713B2    abstract-A vehicle includes an axle, electric machine, friction, brakes, and a controller. The axle has an input shaft to an open differential and output shaft extending out of the open differential. The electric machine is secured to the input shaft and wheels are secured to the output shafts. The controller is programmed to, in response to an anti-locking braking event, generate a signal indicative of a total torque demand to brake the vehicle based on a difference between a desired and an actual wheel slip ratio, adjust a regenerative braking torque of the electric machine based on signal and a regenerative braking weighting coefficient to maintain or drive actual wheel slip toward the desired wheel slip, and adjust a friction braking torque of the friction brakes based on the signal and a friction braking weighting coefficient to drive actual wheel slip at or toward the desired wheel slip.
id-US20210086736A1    abstract-A vehicle includes an axle, an electric machine, a first wheel, a second wheel, a first friction brake, a second friction brake, and a controller. The controller is programmed to, in response to and during an anti-locking braking event, generate first and second signals indicative of a braking torque demand at the first and second wheels, respectively, based on a difference between a desired wheel slip ratio and an actual wheel slip ratio of the first and second wheels, respectively, adjust a regenerative braking torque of the electric machine based on a product of the first signal and a regenerative braking weighting coefficient, adjust a first friction braking torque based on a product of the first signal and a friction braking weighting coefficient, and adjust a second friction braking torque based on the second signal and dynamics of the first and second output shafts.
id-US20210094407A1    abstract-Systems, methods, and other implementations described herein relate to a hub motor for a wheel of a vehicle. In one embodiment, the hub motor includes a cylindrical rotor and a cylindrical stator coaxially spaced from the cylindrical rotor along an axle. The cylindrical rotor includes a rotor attachment to selectively couple the cylindrical rotor to the axle. The cylindrical stator is disposed between the cylindrical rotor and the wheel and includes stator attachments to selectively couple the cylindrical stator to an outer wheel surface of the wheel. The cylindrical rotor and the cylindrical stator are selectively attachable to the axle and the outer wheel surface, respectively, without removing the wheel from the vehicle.
id-US20210083278A1    abstract-According to one embodiment, an electrode includes a current collector and an active material-containing layer. The active material-containing layer contains a titanium-niobium composite oxide. A cross-section of the active material-containing layer includes a first cross-section from the current collector to length 0.5t with respect to a thickness t of the active material-containing layer, and a second cross-section from length 0.5t to length t from the current collector. An area ratio S1 occupied by the titanium-niobium composite oxide within the first cross-section, and an area ratio S2 occupied by the titanium-niobium composite oxide within the second cross-section satisfy 0.8<S2/S1<1. A maximum peak in a particle diameter frequency distribution of the titanium-niobium composite oxide is from 0.5 μm to 3 μm.
id-US11453296B2    abstract-Systems, methods, and other embodiments described herein relate to improving propulsion of a vehicle. In one embodiment, a method includes, in response to detecting a change in a wheel configuration associated with modifying an arrangement of hub motors that are selectively attachable on wheels of the vehicle, identifying attributes of the hub motors coupled with the wheels of the vehicle. The hub motors are structured to be attached to the wheels of the vehicle without removing the wheels from the vehicle. The method includes determining properties of the hub motors according to the attributes and the wheel configuration. Further, the method includes managing electrical power delivery to the hub motors to propel the vehicle according to the properties.
id-US20210094172A1    abstract-A mobile robot includes a vehicle having a secondary cell that outputs a first voltage, a first motor driven by the first voltage, and a first circuit that supplies electric power of the secondary cell to the first motor, a robot having a robot arm, a second motor that drives the arm by a second voltage different from the first voltage, and a second circuit that supplies the electric power of the secondary cell to the second motor and supplies regeneration power of the second motor to the secondary cell, and coupled to the vehicle, wherein the second circuit has a voltage conversion unit that mutually converts the first voltage and the second voltage.
id-US20210070259A1    abstract-A regenerative braking apparatus for a motor vehicle (and concomitant method and retrofit kit) comprising a two-piece rim, a power spring inside the rim, a winding apparatus transferring energy into the power spring, a speed reducer that allows for smooth accumulation of tension in the power spring, and a controlled holding brake system that allows for bypassed, autonomous, or on-demand application of the regenerative braking apparatus.
id-JP2021041891A    abstract-[challenges] we will provide a braking assist device and an electric vehicle that can stop the electric vehicle even if there is an abnormality in the braking of the rear wheels of the electric vehicle. The control unit controls the first braking device for braking the rear wheel of the electric vehicle and the second braking device for braking the front wheel of the electric vehicle. When the first braking device stops the rear wheel, it is judged that there is an abnormality in the braking of the rear wheel. In this case, the control unit causes the second braking device to brake the front wheel. Selection diagram: figure 5
id-EP3798041A1    abstract-The invention is intended to recover kinetic energy from the vehicle, in order to actuate an alternator, to recycle and maintain the charge of the batteries of the electric vehicle at a sufficient level, to perform long distance travel in 100% electric running. The apparatus is mounted in such a way as to be connected with a rotating axis of the electric vehicle in motion by means of a rubber roller (1) which makes it possible to actuate a force reducer (3) and by means of the launching axes (4) collaborate with a non-return pivot (6) which actuate the bevel gears (5) to facilitate the reassembly of the motor springs (14) and continuously alternately restart the inertia wheels (9) coupled to the rotor axis (7) of a Alternator rotor (10).
id-US11634235B1    abstract-A method of operating an electrically powered rotorcraft of the type having a fuselage and a set of N rotors driven by a set of electric motors and coupled to the fuselage, N≥4, under a failure condition preventing ordinary operation of the rotorcraft. The method includes entering a failsafe mode of operation wherein autorotation of at least four of the rotors is enabled. The method also includes using electrical braking associated with a selected group of the rotors to control yaw of the rotorcraft.
id-US11554780B2    abstract-A regenerative braking control system of an AWD (all-wheel-drive) hybrid vehicle including a front wheel HEV (hybrid electric vehicle) powertrain and a rear wheel EV (electric vehicle) powertrain is provided. The control system includes a manipulating instrument mounted to a steering wheel for manual shifting and regenerative braking control by a driver's manipulation, and a controller for adjusting a regenerative braking amount and controlling a shift pattern of each of a front wheel motor of the front wheel HEV powertrain and a rear wheel motor of the rear wheel EV powertrain by receiving a (−) or (+) manipulation signal or a hold manipulation signal of the manipulating instrument.
id-WO2021078716A1    abstract-The present invention relates to electromechanical brake technology, and more particularly to an electromechanical brake system. The electromechanical brake system comprises a capacitor- based power source and at least one electric brake device. The electric brake device comprises a motor that acquires electric power from the capacitor-based power source via a power supply main circuit to generate a braking force. The electromechanical brake system further comprises an energy recycling circuit connected in parallel to the power supply main circuit. The energy recycling circuit comprises a unidirectional conduction element and/or a voltage regulating element. When the brake force is reduced or the brake is at least partially released in response to a braking demand, the motor generates energy which is returned to the capacitor-based power source via the energy recycling circuit. The present invention may avoid an accumulation of a back electromotive force generated when the motor rotates in a reverse direction, thereby avoiding a hidden danger of circuit overvoltage damage and reducing energy consumption of the electromechanical brake system.
id-EP4052951A1    abstract-A control method for an electric vehicle using a motor as a traveling drive source to decelerate by a regenerative braking force of the motor, including: obtaining an accelerator operation amount; estimating a disturbance torque acting on a vehicle body of the electric vehicle; obtaining an angular velocity of a rotating body that correlates to a rotation speed of a drive shaft which drives the electric vehicle; calculating a first torque command value based on the accelerator operation amount; setting the first torque command value to a torque command value; controlling a torque generated in the motor based on the torque command value; setting a target stop position at the time of stopping the electric vehicle; calculating a target angular velocity of the rotating body according to a distance from the electric vehicle to the target stop position; calculating a second torque command value for stopping the electric vehicle at the target stop position based on a difference between the target angular velocity and the obtained angular velocity; and converging the torque command value to the disturbance torque by setting the second torque command value to the torque command value and adjusting the braking and driving forces of the motor according to a distance to the target stop position, when the accelerator operation amount decreases or becomes zero and the electric vehicle is about to stop.
id-US11485241B2    abstract-A system and method for efficient (e.g., economical) computing in hybrid, plug-in hybrid, and electric vehicles is disclosed. A compute manager is configured to receive and schedule compute tasks for execution on computing cores in the vehicle to increase the usage of recaptured energy that would otherwise be wasted due to battery limitations. Vehicle status information such as current battery charge level and current route may be used to determine whether compute tasks can be beneficially executed.
id-WO2021085440A1    abstract-Vehicle controls 30, 31 (61) is the first control that transmits power between the power supply equipment (41) installed outside the vehicle (10) and the power storage device (22) when the vehicle (10) is parked, or through the inverter (21) when the vehicle is running, the rotation electric device (20) and the power storage device Determine which part of the second control performs the transfer of power between the power supply device and the power storage device in the first limit value (WCin, If it is determined that the second control is carried out, the control amount, which is either the power or the current transmitted between the rotating electric motor and the storage device, is limited to the second limit value (WDin, A control part for controlling the inverter below WD to ut) and a setting part for setting at least one of the first and second limit values to a value that inhibits the decline of the vehicle's drivability.
id-US20210101489A1    abstract-An electric vehicle includes first and second traveling motors, first and second rotational position sensors, and a measurement controller. The first rotational position sensor detects a rotation angle of the first traveling motor and has a first wheel-speed range in which a deviation of an original position of the first rotational position sensor is measurable. The second rotational position sensor detects a rotation angle of the second traveling motor and has a second wheel-speed range in which a deviation of an original position of the second rotational position sensor is measurable. The second wheel-speed range differs from the first wheel-speed range. The measurement controller executes, in an execution order, measurements of the deviations of the original positions of the first and second rotational position sensors while the electric vehicle is traveling, and switch the execution order on the basis of acceleration or deceleration data of the electric vehicle.
id-US20210138912A1    abstract-Disclosed herein are systems, devices, and processes that use millimeter wave radar or other remote sensing to enhance mobility applications. Obstacles may be detected using remote sensing. Acceleration of a mobility apparatus may be controlled based on detection of the obstacle. The controlling may be performed based on characteristics of the obstacle, including location, type of obstacle, and/or trajectory of the obstacle.
id-US20210129812A1    abstract-A vehicle brake system installed on a vehicle equipped with an electric motor that applies a drive force to a wheel, including: a brake device configured to apply a braking force to the wheel; and a brake controller configured to control the braking force, wherein the brake controller is configured to execute a swinging-back reducing control for reducing swinging-back of a body of the vehicle on stopping by weakening the braking force immediately before the vehicle stops, based on a motor-rotation-speed-dependent running speed that is a running speed of the vehicle detected in dependence on a rotation speed of the electric motor.
id-US20210101525A1    abstract-A brake lamp control method of a vehicle is provided. The method includes determining whether a deceleration of the vehicle based on regenerative brake through the electric motor is present in a hysteresis period between an off threshold as a reference for turning off a brake lamp and an on threshold as a reference for turning on the brake lamp. When the deceleration of the vehicle is present in the hysteresis period, the method includes determining a state of the brake lamp before the deceleration of the vehicle enters the hysteresis period. In response to determining that the brake lamp is turned on or off for a reason except for the regenerative brake before the deceleration of the vehicle enters the hysteresis period, a request for turning on the brake lamp is set or reset based on the regenerative brake in response to the determined state of the brake lamp.
id-US20210122246A1    abstract-An information processing device includes a control unit configured to determine whether to include a regenerative brake in specifications of a proposed vehicle based on regenerative brake operation data acquired while a first vehicle including the regenerative brake is traveling in a predetermined area. The proposed vehicle is a vehicle proposed as a vehicle for a customer to drive in the predetermined area.
id-WO2021079920A1    abstract-The purpose of this disclosure is to provide an output adjustment circuit, a drive system, an actuator system, a mobile body and an output adjustment method that are less likely to cause loss of regenerative energy according to the power generation efficiency of the actuator. The output adjustment circuit (1) is an output adjustment circuit for an actuator (2) driven by a driver (3) that receives power from a power storage device (4). The output adjustment circuit (1) includes a regenerative circuit (11). When reducing the output of the actuator (2), the regenerative circuit (11) pulls the regenerative current (I1) from the driver (3) and charges the storage device (4) with the regenerative current (I1).
id-US20210126270A1    abstract-Disclosed is a system for determining a hydrogen supply failure of a fuel cell, the system including: a fuel cell, a plurality of hydrogen tanks having hydrogen, a hydrogen supply line connected to the hydrogen tanks and supplying hydrogen from the hydrogen tanks to the fuel cell, a plurality of tank valves mounted on the hydrogen tanks, respectively, and discharging hydrogen in the hydrogen tanks to the hydrogen supply line when opening, a pressure sensor sensing pressure in the hydrogen supply line, and a determiner determining poor opening of the hydrogen tanks on the basis of pressure information sensed by the pressure sensor.
id-US20210122247A1    abstract-A braking system is disclosed. The braking system may include a controller configured to determine a speed threshold that is based on a deceleration of an output speed of a powertrain of a machine caused in part by engagement of one or more brakes of the machine during a directional shift in a movement of the machine, the speed threshold being the output speed of the powertrain at which the one or more brakes are to be commanded to disengage. The controller may be configured to command disengagement of the one or more brakes based on a determination that the output speed of the powertrain satisfies the speed threshold.
id-WO2021074274A1    abstract-Embodiments of the present invention provide a controller (110) for determining brake torque proportions for a vehicle (200, 500), comprising input means (140) to receive a signal (145) indicative of a braking request and a signal indicative of a torque capacity limit (321, 341, 361) for one or both of electric machine braking (214, 224, 234, 244) and foundation braking (212, 222, 232, 242), processing means (120) configured to determine (320) a first proportion of electric machine braking to foundation braking (212, 222, 232, 242) to fulfil the braking request, wherein the first proportion is determined in dependence on the torque capacity limit (321, 341, 361) for one or both of the electric machine braking (214, 224, 234, 244) and the foundation braking (212, 222, 232, 242), and output means (150) configured to output a signal (155) indicative of the determined first proportion to cause a braking system of the vehicle to fulfil the braking request according to the determined first proportion of electric machine (214, 224, 234, 244) to foundation braking (212, 222, 232, 242).
id-US20220258708A1    abstract-A method for a utility vehicle, in particular a towing vehicle or a vehicle combination with a utility vehicle, includes the following steps carried out with a control unit of the utility vehicle. A status message is received from an electric drive of the utility vehicle or a trailer vehicle towed by the utility vehicle, which indicates that a braking torque can be provided via the electric drive. An offer message, which indicates an offered braking torque, is then generated depending on the status message. Furthermore, the offer message is sent out to or for at least one further control unit of the utility vehicle. The disclosure includes a braking control unit and a braking system for carrying out the method and a utility vehicle or a vehicle combination with the braking control unit or the braking system. The disclosure includes a computer program product for carrying out the method.
id-JP2021075266A    abstract-[challenges] we provide a driving control device that quantitatively predicts the amount of regenerative energy recovered and USES it for driving control. [solution] the driving control device is mounted on a vehicle equipped with an electric motor and an internal combustion engine as a power source. The driving control device generates a speed profile that anticipates the speed of the vehicle at each time, approximates the speed profile with a predetermined approximate model, and is the energy that can be recovered by regenerative braking of the motor based on the approximate result. An estimation part for estimating the expected amount of regenerative energy and a determination part for determining the power source for running based on the expected amount of regenerative energy. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-JP2021076203A    abstract-[challenges] we provide a simple and compact reduction gear with a large reduction ratio. Solution: the gear transmission mechanism 5 that transmits torque between the input member 2 and the output member 3, the rotation elements of the input member 2, the output member 3 and the gear transmission mechanism 5, which can be rotationally supported, and the fixed elements of the gear transmission mechanism 5 are fixed in a way that does not rotate. In the reduction device 1 with fixed member 4, the gear transmission mechanism 5 includes the first ring 12 that is unrotationally fixed on the fixed member 4, the second ring 13 that rotates in whole with the output member 3, and the first pinion engage in the first ring 12. The second pinion 15, which rotates in unison with the first pinion 14 and engages with the second ring gear 13, and each pinion 14, Carrier 17 has a carrier 17 that can rotate and revolution 15 so that the gear ratio on the 12th side of the first ring gear is different from that on the 13th side of the second ring gear, and the output part 3 is relative to the rotation speed of the input part 2. Slow down the speed of rotation. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US11491879B2    abstract-A regenerative braking system includes a motor configured to rotate at a variable rotational speed in response to receiving power from a three-phase power supply, and a regenerative braking circuit in signal communication with the three-phase power supply to control the rotational speed of the motor. A brake controller is in signal communication with the regenerative braking circuit and is configured to selectively operate the regenerative braking circuit in a plurality of different braking modes based on the rotational speed of the motor.
id-WO2021104621A1    abstract-An onboard powertrain for an automated guided vehicle, AGV, is presented herein. The onboard powertrain comprises a split-source inverter, SSI, having at least one middle point pole, a positive DC-link pole, and a negative DC-link pole, a battery (21) and an inductor (22) connected in series between the positive or negative DC-link pole and the middle point pole, and a supercapacitor (20) connected between the positive and negative DC-link poles.
id-EP3823132A1    abstract-A battery with a battery management system is capable of charging (818) the battery with recaptured energy from an energy regeneration device. The battery management system charges (818) the battery with the energy regeneration device if the output voltage from the energy regeneration device is larger than the charging voltage of the battery (806).
id-EP4056405A1    abstract-A vehicle control apparatus (50) has: a target value setting unit that sets a value of a target starting torque (Ttgt, Trq<sup>∗</sup>) for starting a vehicle (10), by gradually increasing the value of the target starting torque from 0 to a value of a prescribed torque; a control unit that performs switching control of an inverter (30) for controlling the torque generated by a rotary electric machine (20) to the value of the target starting torque; a state determination unit that determines whether a power storage device (31) is in a state in which charging is limited; and in response to determining that the power storage device is in the state in which the charging is limited, a regeneration limiting unit that, when the rotary electric machine is functioning as a generator, restricts a regeneration torque of the rotary electric machine to a greater degree when the charging of the power storage device is limited than when the charging is not limited. When it is determined that the power storage device is in the state in which the charging is limited, the target value setting unit reduces a rate at which the target starting torque increases from 0 to the prescribed torque, by comparison with the rate of increase to the prescribed torque when it is determined that the power storage device is in the state in which the charging is not limited.
id-US11332018B2    abstract-A battery regenerative breaking control method applied in an electric vehicle is provided. The battery regenerative breaking control method includes: determining whether a battery pack is at a protection status when the electric vehicle is detected to be at a regenerative breaking status; recording a current battery error time point and obtaining a time threshold according to a current speed of the electric vehicle if it is determined that the battery pack is at the protection status; determining whether a current time is smaller than the time threshold; entering a first stage to adjust a pulse width modulation (PWM) duty cycle if the current time is smaller than the time threshold; and entering a second stage to adjust a PWM frequency if the current time is larger than the time threshold.
id-US11667200B2    abstract-A control device for a vehicle includes an operation unit, an operation-unit sensor, a motor, and a driving force controller. The operation-unit sensor is configured to detect an operation-unit operation amount. The operation-unit operation amount is an amount of operation of the operation unit. The motor is capable of generating a negative driving force for decelerating the vehicle. The driving force controller is configured to cause the motor to drive a wheel of the vehicle with the negative driving force on a basis of the operation-unit operation amount, and to derive the negative driving force in accordance with an initial time change. The initial time change represents an amount of change in the operation-unit operation amount per unit time relative to an operation-unit operation amount at an initial position of the operation unit.
