id-US11136031B2    abstract-A method for controlling a trailer driven by an electric motor comprises defining a distance between the trailer and a towing vehicle as a neutral position and determining an actual distance between the trailer and the towing vehicle. A deviation between the actual distance and the neutral position is determined and output as a distance value. The braking of the trailer is electrically-actuated when the actual distance is decreased relative to the neutral position by at least a first distance value. The braking of the trailer is mechanically-actuated when the actual distance is decreased relative to the neutral position by at least a second distance value, wherein the second distance value is greater than the first distance value. The trailer is accelerated by the electric motor when the actual distance is increased relative to the neutral position by a third distance value.

id-EP3419869A4    abstract-

id-US20170240154A1    abstract-In an electric automobile traveling by driving a rear wheel with an electric motor mounted on a vehicle body rear part, a load distributed to the rear wheel is larger than a load distributed to a front wheel by an amount corresponding to a weight of the electric motor. Therefore, it is desirable that a braking force distribution amount to the rear wheel be larger than that to the front wheel. Without providing a proportional pressure reducing valve changing a ratio of braking force distributed between the front and rear wheels, it is possible, by supplying a same brake fluid pressure from a master cylinder to front and rear wheel brake calipers and carrying out regenerative braking in the rear wheel, to make the braking force distribution amount to the rear wheel larger than that to the front wheel.

id-JP2017184459A    abstract-[challenges] ensure regenerative braking power during vehicle deceleration, and enable deceleration without discomfort when setting regenerative braking force. The solution includes a boost converter 15 that increases the voltage from the battery 8 to supply power to the front motor 3 used for front-wheel drive, and is set by a paddle switch 31 for setting regenerative braking torque in stages and a regenerative power selection part. In a hybrid vehicle with a hybrid control unit 20 that calculates regenerative power according to a specified selection stage, the hybrid control unit 20 limits the maximum input/output power of the boost converter 15. At this time, when the selection stage in the direction in which the regenerative braking force becomes larger than the D range is selected, the regenerative braking force is reduced than the regenerative braking force when the maximum input and output power of the boost converter 15 is not limited. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-JP6512148B2    abstract-

id-WO2017179212A1    abstract-In the braking force control method, the wheel speed (w) of the vehicle (1) is detected, and when it is judged that the vehicle (1) stops based on the wheel speed (w) detected when the braking force is applied to the vehicle (1), the driver of the vehicle (1) operates the brake (3). Regardless of the presence or absence of the vehicle (1), it generates a holding power system that keeps the vehicle (1) in a standstill state, and delays the generation of holding braking force according to the coefficient of friction of the road surface of the vehicle (1).
id-US20230090923A1    abstract-A vehicle control system may be provided for controlling adhesion of wheels to a route surface. The control system includes one or more processors configured to determine adhesion values representative of adhesion between the wheels of a vehicle and the route surface based on angular speeds of the wheels. An artificial intelligence neural network may generate a target slip value for the wheels that are coupled with at least two different axles of the vehicle by processing the adhesion values and modifying the target slip value to increase an average value of the adhesion values of the wheels. The one or more processors may control a torque applied to at least one of the axles based on the target slip value.

id-US10766470B2    abstract-This brake control device includes: an operation amount sensor which detects the brake operating member operation amount; front-wheel and rear-wheel actuators which generate braking force in front/rear wheels; front-wheel and rear-wheel sensors which detect the outputs of the front-wheel and rear-wheel actuators; and a controller which controls the front-wheel and rear-wheel actuators based on the operation amount and the outputs of the front and rear wheels. On the basis of the operation amount and/or the output of the rear wheels, the controller determines whether or not a long-term low-load state in which the friction member is continuously pressed against the rotary members of the rear wheels within a predetermined range over a long period of time is established. If so, the distribution ratio of the rear-wheel braking force to the total applied braking force is decreased compared to when a long-term low-load state is not determined to be established.

id-EP3244044A3    abstract-The invention relates to the technology of processing fuel engines, in particular the driving devices of vehicles, in which at least one energy storage device (31)49) stores the energy generated by the power machine (5) and/or the reserve power machine (1), including a stored energy control device (33,55). According to certain minimum control parameters (E overall), one is discharged by a DC incinerated air (5) to an outflow internal combustion engine (9) and compressed by a suction engine (7) conveying internal combustion engine air (9).
id-US9845124B1    abstract-The solar power system for auxiliary-powered brakes and power system for a tractor-trailer is a supplemental electrical system adapted for use with the trailer of a tractor-trailer. The solar power system for auxiliary-powered brakes and power system for a tractor-trailer is designed to: 1) assist in the acceleration of the trailer; 2) use braking energy to generate and store electricity; 3) supplement the stored energy with a renewable source; and, 4) distribute excess energy to the trailer electrical system. In one potential embodiment of the disclosure, the solar power system for auxiliary-powered brakes and power system for a tractor-trailer provides for tapping into the stored electrical energy for external use. The solar power system for auxiliary-powered brakes and power system for a tractor-trailer comprises a plurality of photovoltaic cells, one or more axle assist devices, an electricity storage device, and a distribution system.

id-JP7141146B2    abstract-

id-US11001166B2    abstract-Provided is an electric brake device that achieves improved responsiveness, cost reduction and also reduces the copper loss in an electric motor, thus reducing power consumption. The electric brake device includes a brake rotor ( 8 ), a friction member ( 9 ), a friction member actuator ( 6 ), an electric motor ( 4 ), a controller ( 2 ), a main power supply ( 3 ), and an auxiliary power supply ( 22 ). The auxiliary supply ( 22 ) is charged with regenerative power from the motor ( 4 ). The controller ( 2 ) includes a backflow power interruption ( 26 ) preventing the main supply ( 3 ) from being charged with the regenerative power from the motor ( 4 ), and an auxiliary power supply controller ( 24 ) causing the auxiliary supply ( 22 ) to supply running power to the motor ( 4 ) when powering the electric ( 4 ) is started in a state in which the regenerative power in the auxiliary supply ( 22 ) is greater than or equal to a set voltage.

id-WO2018006494A1    abstract-A device that uses atmospheric pressure to store and release energy comprises: The energy storage mechanism (4), the transmission mechanism (3), the control system, the energy storage mechanism (4) and the transmission mechanism (3) are connected. The energy storage mechanism (4) comprises a vacuum cylinder (44, 49) and a piston (43, 48). First, the piston (43, 48) is arranged at the bottom of the vacuum cylinder (44, 49) to exhaust the air between the bottom of the cylinder and the living cold (43, 48). When it is necessary to store energy, pull the piston (43,48) through the control system and transmission mechanism (3). At this time, the vacuum cylinder (44,49) is vacuum or close to vacuum, and there is atmospheric pressure outside for the piston (43,48), that is, to achieve the purpose of energy storage and release energy. Then the piston (43,48) is released through the control system and the transmission mechanism (3) to achieve the purpose of assisting.
id-US9764750B1    abstract-A control apparatus mounted on a railcar including a plurality of wheelsets includes: a torque basic value setting portion configured to set a basic value of torque applied to each of the plurality of wheelsets; an adhesion determining portion configured to determine whether or not each of the plurality of wheelsets adheres to a rail; and a torque correcting portion configured to correct the basic value of the torque to obtain a corrected value that is smaller than the basic value. The plurality of wheelsets includes one or more specific wheelsets and one or more general wheelsets other than the specific wheelsets. The torque correcting portion calculates the corrected value of the torque, applied to the general wheelset, in accordance with a first rule and calculates the corrected value of the torque, applied to the specific wheelset, in accordance with a second rule different from the first rule.

id-WO2018022003A1    abstract-A cycle includes a storage chamber, a compressor, a throttle valve, a compressor valve, and a chamber valve. The throttle valve includes a first port, a second port, a third port connectable to the first port, and a fourth port connectable to the second port. The compressor valve is between the compressor and the first port and between the compressor and the second port. The chamber valve is between the storage chamber and the third port and between the storage chamber and the fourth port.

id-EP3281833B1    abstract-

id-US20180056953A1    abstract-A brake control device for a vehicle, includes: a master cylinder outputting a brake fluid of a master pressure; a master pressure changing device for changing the master pressure; a brake actuator for controlling a brake pressure of the brake fluid supplied from the master cylinder to a wheel cylinder; and a control device performing an automatic brake control including first and second modes. In the first mode, the control device operates the brake actuator to make a target value of the brake pressure. In the second mode, the control device operates the master pressure changing device such that the master pressure becomes the target value of the brake pressure to change the brake pressure of the target wheel in conjunction with the master pressure. The control device selects one of the first and second modes depending on a type of the automatic brake control.

id-JP2018024313A    abstract-[challenges] to provide technology that can perform anti-lock control even when conventional anti-lock control is not available. [solution] the brake control unit consists of a master cylinder that outputs brake fluid from the master pressure, a master pressure change unit that can change the master pressure without using the brake pedal, a brake actuator, and a braid of the target wheel. Also equipped with a control device for anti-lock control to reduce key pressure. Anti-lock control modes include normal mode and pseudo-mode. In pseudo-mode, the control device operates the master pressure change device so that the master pressure becomes the target value of the brake pressure of the target wheel, and changes the brake pressure of the target wheel in conjunction with the master pressure. When normal mode is not available, the control device performs anti-lock control in pseudo-mode. Select diagram in figure 7.
id-US10421362B2    abstract-A regenerative braking system separate from a friction braking system of a vehicle is disclosed. According to certain embodiments, the regenerative braking system may include at least one actuator and a controller. The controller may be configured to: determine whether an accelerator pedal is depressed; when the accelerator pedal is depressed, determine an amount of regenerative braking based on behavior of the accelerator pedal; when the accelerator pedal is not depressed, determine the amount of regenerative braking based on motion of the vehicle; and control the at least one actuator to generate the determined amount of regenerative braking.

id-US20180093571A1    abstract-A braking control method and device for a vehicle are disclosed. According to certain embodiments, the device may include a controller configured to: detect a panic braking event initiated by a user; activate regenerative braking to decelerate the vehicle; monitor an amount of friction braking generated by a friction braking system of the vehicle; monitor rotational speeds of one or more wheels of the vehicle; and adjust an amount of the regenerative braking based on the amount of the friction braking and the rotational speeds of the one or more wheels. The device may further include at least one actuator for applying the adjusted amount of the regenerative braking.

id-US10710587B2    abstract-An electrically-driven mining vehicle includes an obstacle detector, a speed detector, and an alarm. The alarm outputs a first warning, which urges an operator of the electrically-driven mining vehicle to operate a regenerative brake pedal that actuates only the regenerative brake device, and a second warning, which urges the operator to operate a cooperative brake pedal that uses the regenerative brake device and the mechanical brake device in combination. If the travel speed of the vehicle is included in a low speed range in which no difference can be considered to exist in distance between a first braking distance upon actuation of only the regenerative brake device and a second braking distance upon operation of a cooperative braking, a signal for performing the first warning is outputted earlier by at least a warning time interval.

id-JP6815854B2    abstract-

id-JPWO2018062001A1    abstract-The braking control device is mechanically connected to the case member fixed to the master cylinder, the first electric motor fixed to the case member, the second electric motor separate from the first electric motor and fixed to the case member, and the braking operation member and moves linearly. The moving input rod, the output rod that can move linearly and parallel to the central axis of the input rod by pressing the piston in the master cylinder, and the output of the first electric motor and the second electric motor are input to the input rod and output rod. The force acting on the input rod and the displacement of the output rod are controlled independently by controlling the differential mechanism built into the case member, the output of the first electric motor and the output of the second electric motor. Arrange with ntrora.
id-US20180079312A1    abstract-A smart braking system for a vehicle is provided. The smart braking system selectively activates a braking system of the vehicle when the smart braking system detects a scenario in which it is likely that a constant vehicle speed, rather than an increasing vehicle speed, would be desired by a driver. In one example, a driver releases an accelerator while the vehicle is on a decline but the vehicle accelerates anyway. In this instance, the smart braking system records the speed of the vehicle when the accelerator is released and applies the braking system to maintain the speed of the vehicle at the recorded speed while the vehicle is on the decline. The smart braking system stops activating the braking system upon detecting that braking is no longer needed to slow down the vehicle.

id-US20190193572A1    abstract-A vehicle braking device sets a target hydraulic braking force based on the difference between the execution regeneration braking force, which is actually generated regeneration braking force and the requested braking force which is to be applied to the vehicle wheels and includes a hydraulic pressure control portion that raises the target hydraulic braking force by a predetermined value at a timing when the difference between the execution regeneration braking force and the maximum value thereof is equal to or less than a judgement threshold value and a threshold value setting portion that sets the judgement threshold value on the basis of the requested braking force gradient when the liquid amount inside the hydraulic chamber is less than a predetermined amount, and sets the judgement threshold value on the basis of the target hydraulic braking force gradient when the liquid amount is equal to or more than the predetermined amount.

id-EP3514026A1    abstract-One object is to secure desired power generation performance in spite of the vertical movement of the bogie frame and the wheel turning operation. A train 1 includes: a wheel 5; a rotator 2 disposed to face a wheel without contact and including a permanent magnet that rotates around a rotation axis by Lorentz force generated according to a rotation direction of the wheel; and a power generating unit for converting kinetic energy produced by rotation of the rotator into electric energy.

id-US20210095644A1    abstract-A hydraulic propulsion system converts heat or thermal energy into hydraulic energy, and such hydraulic energy into mechanical work. The hydraulic propulsion system includes a thermal unit, a hydraulic cylinder with pistons and springs mounted therein, one or more hydraulic motors, one or more hydraulic accumulators, and one or more electrical energy generators, as well as a plurality of flow control valves to control the flow of hydraulic fluid between the various components. The hydraulic propulsion system may be enhanced by an energy transmission unit including a wave generator.

id-US20190248354A1    abstract-An electronic system for controlling traction and braking of a vehicle is described. The system includes a device for actuating braking operatively connected to at least one first wheel of the vehicle, and at least one first traction and braking control unit. The device comprises: at least one first electric actuator and at least one electric motor. The at least one first traction and braking control unit being configured to control the at least one electric motor in regeneration mode to exert a regenerative braking torque on at least one first wheel. The at least one first traction and braking control unit also being configured to control the at least one electric motor in traction mode to exert a traction torque on the at least one first wheel.

id-EP3532733A4    abstract-

id-US20180126862A1    abstract-A regenerative braking control apparatus of a vehicle may include: a drive motor; a battery for providing driving voltage to the drive motor; a data detector for detecting a driving state information of the vehicle; and a vehicle controller generating a total braking amount based on the driving state information. In particular, the vehicle controller generates a regenerative braking possible amount by using a generatable power of the drive motor and a chargeable power of the battery, performs a regenerative braking when the regenerative braking possible amount is greater than the total braking amount, and also prepares a hydraulic pressure braking based on the regenerative braking possible amount and a regenerative braking amount based on the regenerative braking.

id-US20180141441A1    abstract-A braking control method includes steps of: (i) confirming whether to enter a blending section where regenerative braking torque is reduced and friction braking torque is increased; (ii) determining a target reduced deceleration by a controller upon entering the blending section; (iii) reducing braking torque of a vehicle in response to the determined target reduced deceleration; and (iv) returning the braking torque of the vehicle to driver's requested braking torque when the vehicle is being stopped.

