id-EP3251888B1    abstract-

id-EP3045334A1    abstract-The present invention is directed to a conversion kit for converting a karting vehicle from a gasoline motor driven karting vehicle comprising a gasoline motor fixed to the karting vehicle by means of gasoline motor fixing means, to an electric motor driven karting vehicle comprising an electric motor, said conversion kit includes: (a) a motor frame, (b) an electric motor mounted on the motor frame, (c) a motor control unit mounted on the motor frame, (d) a transducer for delivering an electric signal to the electric motor control unit, said electric signal being proportional to an accelerator pedal or throttle lever movement, said transducer being connectable to the motor control unit, (e) a battery assembly for powering the electric motor, (f) a transmission adapter for coupling the electric motor to the vehicle's transmission, characterized in that, (g) the motor frame comprises frame fixing means adapted for being mounted on fixing the motor frame to the karting vehicle after removal of the gasoline motor, using at least part of the gasoline motor fixing means, and (h) the transducer comprises acceleration coupling means for coupling an accelerator pedal or a throttle lever of the karting vehicle to the transducer.      In addition, the present invention is directed to an automated safety control system for a recreational vehicle circuit, a karting circuit, or a racing circuit, preferably comprising such conversion kits.      Further, the present invention is directed to an automated educative or game control system for a recreational vehicle circuit, a karting circuit, or a racing circuit, preferably comprising such conversion kits.      In addition, the present invention is also directed to a method for converting a gasoline motor driven karting vehicle to an electric motor driven karting vehicle, said method comprising the following steps: (a) Providing a karting vehicle comprising a gasoline motor fixed to the karting vehicle by means of gasoline fixing means, and comprising an accelerator pedal or a throttle lever coupled to said gasoline motor, (b) Uncoupling the accelerator pedal or a throttle lever from the gasoline motor, (c) Removing the gasoline motor from the karting vehicle by uncoupling the gasoline motor fixing means, (d) Mounting a conversion kit according to any of claims 1 to 10 onto the karting vehicle by coupling the frame fixing means to at least part of the gasoline motor fixing means of the karting vehicle, (e) Coupling the transducer to the accelerator pedal or throttle lever of the karting vehicle, by means of the acceleration coupling means.

id-JP6073941B2    abstract-

id-US20160221448A1    abstract-A number of variations include a product comprising a transfer case comprising a hydraulic system comprising a hydraulic fluid and a hydraulic pump or hydraulic motor wherein the hydraulic system is constructed and arranged to capture energy from regenerative braking of the at least one brake of at least one drive.

id-WO2016137604A1    abstract-High surge currents associated with heavy braking and rapid acceleration of electric and hybrid electric vehicles result in reduced battery life and excessive heating of motors, generators and electronics. These can be reduced in two ways. 1. By the use of a speed changing transmission such that the motors and generators operate at higher speeds and therefore lower currents for the same power. 2. By providing an auxiliary regenerative braking means that can handle high power levels thereby reducing the load on the electric system. This invention describes a hydraulic device that can function as a speed changing transmission and/or a regenerative braking system that can handle very high power levels. It is implemented using fixed displacement pumps and motors to achieve low cost and high reliability.

id-US20180194337A1    abstract-A pressure generating device may comprise a piston-cylinder unit having a bilaterally acting piston with two effective surfaces defining two respective, separate working spaces in a sealing manner. Each working space is connected via a hydraulic line to a hydraulic circuit, wherein at least one hydraulic chamber of a consumer is connected to each hydraulic circuit, and wherein a drive drives the piston. Each working space may be in communication with a reservoir for hydraulic medium, via a respective hydraulic line having a respective switching valve. Alternatively, one or both working spaces may be in communication with a reservoir for hydraulic medium via a hydraulic line, with a switching valve in one or both hydraulic lines, and/or a respective outlet valve may be associated with one or more hydraulic chambers of the consumer, and a further connecting line having a switching valve may connect the pressure chambers and/or hydraulic lines.

id-US9827955B2    abstract-A method for controlling a vehicle includes automatically controlling vehicle brakes to decelerate the vehicle at a braking deceleration rate in response to an anticipated stop at a traffic signal and an adaptive cruise control system being active. The method further includes, in response to the vehicle decelerating to an intermediate speed, releasing the vehicle brakes. The intermediate speed is determined such that, at the intermediate speed, a coasting distance to a full stop is approximately equal to a distance to the traffic signal.

id-US20200079221A1    abstract-An electro-hydraulic hybrid system for a vehicle utilizes both the advantages of the hydraulic hybrid system and the electric hybrid system to maximize the collection of energy lost during a braking process and to provide launch assists in an acceleration process. The electro-hydraulic hybrid system includes an ECU that controls the electro-hydraulic hybrid system, a hydraulic drive pump, an accumulator, a hydraulic reservoir, a hydraulic pump, an electric motor, a power converter, and a battery. The hydraulic reservoir is in fluid communication with the accumulator through the hydraulic drive pump that functions as the main component of the hydraulic regenerative braking system. The hydraulic reservoir is also in fluid communication with the accumulator through the hydraulic pump that acts as the main component of the electro-hydraulic inter-conversion unit along with the electric motor, the at least one battery, and power converter that are electrically connected to each other.

id-EP3277535B1    abstract-

id-EP3303035B1    abstract-

id-WO2016186340A1    abstract-Bike of this invention is energy recovery device about according to the invention, just as energy recovery device with bike the bike's rear wheel driveshaft solved when combined with the bike's rear wheels rotate and rotate with the driven wheel, motorcycle driver per wire Kim to operate single wire and tug onward, In combination with the rear end of the above wire, when the above wire is pulled, the compressing support for hinge movement around the hinge shaft, Beckham the precious support the above combined possible rotation and recall Beckham precious above the support department remind tug wire by all the way down to take Beckham precious support recall if outsourced by a motion of the driven wheel contacts with outsourced, remind to drive wheel rotate together by friction with the above wire pulling force and hushed, relieve the above contact with drive wheel rotating wheel and configured that way, 상기 Beckham remind combined wealth and precious support cylinder and postwar direction moving from inside the cylinder piston and remind the only remind combined with piston cylinder protrudes forward through the hole to the front of the large shear connectors configured, including routing load recall Beckham precious and combined with the rotating wheel rotate around the axis of the rotating wheel and the rotating wheel axis and interval above the above list and two large shear connectors allow loading of shear and rotary When rotated with the phase rotating wheel by being combined, the combined part comprises a phase connecting rod, including a connecting CAM, which reciprocates the phase connecting rod forward and backward in a circular motion, The air entered through the intake apparatus equipped with a check valve formed at the rear part of the above cylinder is constituted to be compressed by the movement of the above piston and then exited through the exhaust formed at the rear part of the above cylinder to be stored in the air tank through an air hose.
id-US9764720B2    abstract-A method for operating an electric motor for braking a vehicle, including controlling the electric motor in such a way that the vehicle is slowed or decelerated with the aid of a motor braking torque exerted by the controlled electric motor. The method includes ascertaining whether a requested setpoint speed change is in a predefined normal range, and if so, the electric motor is controlled in such a way that a load to be applied by the electric motor remains less than or equal to a nominal load capacity of the electric motor. If the requested setpoint speed change is outside the predefined normal range, the electric motor is controlled in such a way that the load to be applied by the electric motor exceeds the nominal load capacity of the electric motor, at least during a predefined overload operation time interval.

id-JP6332180B2    abstract-

id-US10293817B2    abstract-A hybrid ECU reads mode information during regenerative braking, and gradually decreases regenerative braking force when a friction braking force control in accordance with a preparatory mode is started. Thereby, sudden change of deceleration of a vehicle can be prevented. The hybrid ECU 50 makes regenerative braking force disappear immediately when a friction braking force control in accordance with a collision avoidance braking mode is started during regenerative braking. Thereby, the vehicle can be slowed down with a deceleration for collision avoidance.

id-EP3323655B1    abstract-

id-WO2017007509A3    abstract-This invention relates to a kinetic energy recovery system under braking designed for use in any type of motor vehicle or towed vehicle to partially eliminate the need for a conventional hydraulic, pneumatic or electric conventional braking system and to recover the kinetic energy under braking for use in acceleration of the vehicle. The system includes motor hydro-pumps (A), connected to a hydraulic distributor (B), through solenoid valves (1) and a connector (210) and connected to a pneumohydraulic tank (D) by the same solenoid valves (1 ) and a connector (202). The tank (D) is connected with the distributor (B) by a connector (217), and with the pneumohydraulic cylinders (E and F), by the connectors (214, respectively 218). The distributor (B) communicates with the cylinder (E) by connector (213) and is also connected to the cylinder (F) by connector (216). A fluid-type equilibrator (G) is linked to the motor hydro-pumps (A) by connectors (204) and hydraulic accumulators ?(H), mounted on the motor hydro-pumps (A).

id-WO2017010900A1    abstract-The brake kinetic energy recovery system, according to the invention, consists of the motor hydraulic pumps (A and A 1 ) which are mounted on the wheels of the vehicle, a distributor (B), of the hydraulic tanks (C and D) in connection with the air tanks (40 and 46), a pneumohydraulic cylinder (E), an oil tank (24) connected to an air tank (26), the control thereof being performed by means of the distributors (3, 3') provided with the double circuit solenoid valves (18, 19) and of the solenoid valves (28 and 29), assemblies that are connected to each other by means of the lines (16, 17, 22, 23, 25, 27, 36 37, 39, 41, 42, 45, 48, 50, 51, 53, 54 and 55). The motor hydraulic pumps (A and A 1 ) consist of the rotors (1), the stators (2) and the distributors (3 and 3'), the latter being coupled together, the hydraulic connection between the distributors (3 and 3') and the stators (2) being performed by the lines (16 and 17). The stator (2) and the flange (13) are provided with the circular channels (g) in connection with some radial channels (h) which are coupled with a cross channel (i), whereas any leakage of oil between the stator (2) and the rotor (1) can be disposed through the exit channel (j).

id-US9630708B2    abstract-An aircraft landing gear wheel-drive system includes a first wheel drive unit for driving a first landing gear wheel of the aircraft and a second wheel drive unit for driving a second landing gear wheel of the aircraft. The first wheel drive unit has a first range of torque to speed (T/S) ratios. The second wheel drive unit has a second range of T/S ratios. The first range of T/S ratios is greater than the second range of T/S ratios.

id-US20180178630A1    abstract-A method for heating the interior of a motor vehicle and a heating system are described. In the method, electrical energy stored or generated in the motor vehicle or electrical energy fed from an external energy source is fed to an electrothermal transducer and is converted there to thermal energy, which is supplied to a carrier medium for the thermal energy. An electrothermal transducer is used, which is temporarily operated at a higher heating power in the heating-up phase than in the subsequent continuous operation. In this way, the motor vehicle interior is heated up significantly quicker than in the known methods.

id-US10647205B2    abstract-The present invention provides a braking control apparatus capable of preventing or reducing a change in a deceleration of a vehicle. The braking control apparatus is configured to change a braking force to be generated by a frictional braking device so as to achieve a calculated target braking force, and generate a braking force corresponding to a difference between the braking force to be generated by the frictional braking device and the target braking force with use of an electric braking device, when a predetermined condition is satisfied.

id-US10189452B2    abstract-In an emergency stop situation, the regenerative braking system is used to assist in rapid deceleration, by combining regenerative braking with conventional friction brakes. Sensors can also be used to trigger the braking systems, even before the driver is able to react. These sensors might include external cameras, ABS activation detection, radar and ultrasound.

id-US20180345973A1    abstract-A vehicle and method is provided. The vehicle includes systems and method for limiting the slip of the wheels. In an embodiment, the system holds the brakes based on an acceleration characteristic measured by a sensor. In another embodiment, the system includes a transmission controller that applies an adjustment to limit an amount of clutch slip as the clutch temperature to change in clutch performance to reduce wheel slip. In another embodiment, the system monitors wheel slip signal from a sensor and compares the wheel slip to a target slip value and controls clutch slip of the transmission clutch based to maintain engine output torque during acceleration. In another embodiment, in response to an anticipated vehicle launch event, a drive motor applies a first torque to the input shaft to adjust a gear lash of the differential unit.

id-US10406923B2    abstract-A regenerative braking system and method are disclosed. According to certain embodiments, the regenerative braking system is engaged and adjusted when the navigation system recognizes that the vehicle is descending down a long grade. This can be pre-stored information, or information derived from prior experience or from the shared experiences of other drivers. The regenerative braking system does not engage to the full stop of the vehicle, but instead can release at approximately three mph and allows friction braking to handle the rest of the stop. The navigation system in this embodiment recognizes that a stop sign or other full-stop situation is present.

id-JP2017065345A    abstract-[challenges] providing a vehicle braking device that can suppress the driver's discomfort during switching control. Solution: friction brake device 601 ~ 604 that generates friction control power on the wheel based on liquid pressure; regenerative brake device A that can generate regenerative control power on the wheel; friction brake device 601 ~ 604 and regenerative brake device A Control department 6 (62) is equipped with control department 6 and 9 that controls the friction control power and the regenerative control power through the coordinated control. The control department 6 (62) switches the regenerative control power to the friction control force by reducing the regenerative control power and increasing the friction control power during braking. In the switching control, the coefficient related to friction used to convert the liquid pressure into friction braking force is changed to the side where the converted friction braking force is increased according to the decrease in the speed of the car, so as to increase the change gradient of friction braking force actually generated on the wheel. Implement suppressed coefficient change control. Select diagram: figure 6
id-WO2017044524A1    abstract-A vehicle having an electronic parking brake system is provided. The vehicle includes a braking system having a first rotor and a first caliper. An electric motor is coupled to operate the first caliper. At least one sensor coupled to the vehicle to determine a braking characteristic. A controller electrically is coupled to the electric motor and the at least one sensor, the controller transmitting a first signal to the electric motor in response to receiving a second signal from the at least one sensor and determining that the braking system is performing below a predetermined level, the electric motor actuating the first caliper to apply a clamping force on the first rotor in response to the first signal.

id-EP3369633B1    abstract-

id-US10688871B2    abstract-A regenerative braking control apparatus equipped on an electrically driven vehicle having road wheels and an electric motor for driving the road wheels for running. An operation unit is provided for the driver of the vehicle to select a magnitude of the braking force to be generated by the electric motor during regenerative braking. A determination unit determines, on the basis of conditions of the electrically driven vehicle, whether or not a selected braking force selected through the operation unit is acceptable. A notifier unit is constructed such that, in a case where the selected braking force is determined to be unacceptable by the determination unit, the notifier unit provides a corresponding notification to the driver.

id-US20170106755A1    abstract-A vehicle control apparatus includes a controller configured to change a ratio between a regenerative braking force and a frictional braking force, in a specific wheel among wheels, such that the ratio in the specific wheel differs from the ratio between the regenerative braking force and the frictional braking force in each of the other wheels, when a command to generate the require braking force is issued and a vehicle motion control is executed.

id-JP2017073869A    abstract-[challenges] we provide regenerative power estimation equipment and brake planning equipment that can accurately estimate regenerative power and contribute to energy-saving operation. The regenerative power estimation device according to an embodiment is a brake notch switch composed of a transient response of the electric brake corresponding to the switch operation of the brake notch for each switch operation of the brake notch in the operation of a railway vehicle. The regenerative power estimation unit estimates the expected regenerative power obtained in the brake plan, which is the time transition data of the brake notch, based on the regenerative power estimation model by unit and the regenerative power estimation model by switching the brake notch. It has. Select diagram in figure 25.
id-WO2017082768A1    abstract-The method of control of the n axle trailer of the tractor is to determine the rotational speed of the wheels of the n axle trailer, which is transmitted to the control unit, which also receives signals from the braking system of the tractor, and to calculate the braking force for each of the wheels of the n axle trailer, which is transmitted to the braking transmission of the n axle trailer, in which the control action is formed and directed to the corresponding brakes of the n axle trailer. During braking, mechanical energy shall be stored on m axles of the n axle trailer, where m < n, while moving, the accumulated mechanical energy shall be controlled on m axles of the n axle trailer and the brakes of the n axle trailer shall be controlled to the current level of the accumulated mechanical energy. The control device of the tractor's n-axle trailer contains the control unit (8), the brake pedal sensor (11) of the tractor's brake pedal, the sensors 71-7n of the wheel speed of the n-axle trailer, the braking transmission of the 6 n-axle trailer, the input of which is connected to the tractor's brake system control device (14) and the output is connected to the braking mechanisms of the 5 1-5 n n-axle trailer. The device also contains m mechanical energy recuperators 9 1 -9 m fixed on m axes 3 1 -3 m n axle trailer, where m < n, mechanical energy recuperators charging indicator (15), mechanical energy recuperators discharge regulator (16), tractor wheel speed sensor (17), and controller (10).
id-WO2017085558A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a method to initiate and manage a braking effect of a vehicle comprising an accelerator pedal, an energy providing unit, and at least one device able to provide a braking effect. The method comprises the steps of : a) detecting the foot of the driver on or above the surface of the accelerator pedal, b) determining the distance between the driver's foot and the surface of the accelerator pedal, c) following step b), generating a braking effect whose intensity depends on the distance between the driver's foot and the surface of the accelerator pedal, wherein the intensity of the braking effect is increased with an increase of the distance between the surface of the accelerator pedal and the driver's foot.

