id-EP2810811B1    abstract-

id-US20130197731A1    abstract-Methods and systems are disclosed for controlling an electric vehicle. The method includes determining that the vehicle is stopped on a slope in an unparked mode without an accelerator or brake request. A holding force may be applied to hold the vehicle in the stopped position on the slope. After the vehicle has been stopped on the slope in the unparked mode without an accelerator or brake request for a predetermined amount of time, the holding force may be reduced to remind a driver that the vehicle is in the unparked mode.

id-WO2013112158A1    abstract-In a first aspect, the invention is directed to a wheel assembly for a vehicle, including a wheel, a brake, an electric motor, and optionally a gearbox, and a support structure that supports the motor, the wheel and the optional gearbox if a gearbox is provided. The brake includes a brake disk that rotates with the wheel, and a caliper, which is itself made up of first and second caliper portions. The first caliper portion is formed directly in the support structure.

id-EP2810834B1    abstract-

id-US8998351B2    abstract-A brake control device for a vehicle includes: a hydraulic brake device including a master cylinder, a wheel cylinder, a differential pressure control valve, and a pump; and a differential pressure control unit that operates the pump and transmits a differential pressure instructing output to the differential pressure control valve to perform a differential pressure control such that a differential pressure is generated; wherein the differential pressure control unit includes a correcting unit, wherein the correcting unit calculates a differential pressure instructing correction amount, based on an increased amount of the differential pressure which is generated by the differential pressure control valve when the increased amount of the differential pressure during the differential pressure control and then corrects the differential pressure instructing output based on the differential pressure instructing correction amount such that the differential pressure instructing output becomes larger than the increased amount of the differential pressure.

id-EP2623380B1    abstract-

id-EP2626258A1    abstract-A motor controller unit facilitates modifying pressure thresholds for an air compressor motor in a hybrid commercial vehicle as a function of vehicle pitch and comprises a memory that stores computer-executable instructions for modifying compressor cut-in and cut-out pressure thresholds as a function of vehicle pitch, and a processor configured to execute the computer-executable instructions. The instructions comprise monitoring a pitch of the vehicle, and determining that the vehicle is on an uphill grade. The instructions further comprise reducing compressor cut-in and cut-out pressure thresholds for an on-board air compressor motor to conserve state-of-charge until the pitch of the vehicle falls below a predetermined level, and, once the pitch of the vehicle falls below a predetermined percentage of the maximum pitch detected on the uphill grade, increasing the compressor cut-in and cut-out pressure thresholds to increase available braking pressure and brake regeneration opportunities for the vehicle.

id-EP2814017B1    abstract-

id-US9150109B2    abstract-A braking control device, includes a regenerative braking control part, a wheel speed differential detection part, and a regenerative restriction part. The regenerative braking control part is configured to carrying out regenerative braking on the drive wheels based on a deceleration request operation. The wheel speed differential detection part is configured to determine a wheel speed differential between the driven wheel speed and the regenerative braking wheel speed. The regenerative restriction part is configured to restrict the regenerative braking amount when the wheel speed differential exceeds a restriction initiation threshold value. The regenerative restriction part, during restriction of the regenerative braking amount, is configured to repeatedly carrying out a restriction in accordance with a large restriction phase in which a decrease in gradient of the regenerative braking amount is large and a restriction in accordance with a small restriction phase in which the decrease in gradient is small.

id-EP2826681B1    abstract-

id-US9457669B2    abstract-A brake control device mounted to a vehicle that comprises a pair of driving wheels and a pair of non-driving wheels controls an upstream brake pressure generated by a master cylinder and downstream brake pressures generated by brake actuators so that, during regenerative braking, the downstream brake pressures to brake devices corresponding to the driving wheels are reduced to be lower than the upstream brake pressure, and the downstream brake pressures to brake devices corresponding to the non-driving wheels are increased to be higher than the upstream brake pressure.

id-US20150166029A1    abstract-A separation valve mechanism includes a housing, and a stepped piston fitted into the housing in a liquid-tight and slidable manner and serving as a separation piston. A large diameter chamber is provided on a large diameter side of the stepped piston, and a small diameter chamber is provided on a small diameter side thereof. A first seal member is provided on the small diameter side of the stepped piston so as to secure liquid tightness of the small diameter chamber and partition the small diameter chamber. A second seal member is provided on the large diameter side of the stepped piston so as to secure liquid tightness of the large diameter chamber and partition the large diameter chamber. A reservoir chamber is formed, which is adjacent to the small diameter chamber and the large diameter chamber, and is partitioned by the first seal member and the second seal member. A master cylinder pressure is not input to the reservoir chamber.

id-US20150108843A1    abstract-An improved control arrangement is used in a high power rectifier and comprises two or more power controllers ganged together in parallel. Each power controller rectifies an AC voltage signal using zero voltage crossing switching to produce a binary switched signal and each power controller is connected to an independent connectable load. Each power controller includes a fast acting binary power switch that selectively connects the respective independent connectable load to the rectified AC voltage signal. The control arrangement selectively activates the power controllers to define a desired connected load. This high power rectifier and control arrangement is advantageously used to provide fast up down power regulation to a grid by selective storage of thermal energy and deriving power from the thermal energy storage system to add fill in power to the grid.

id-US20160297408A1    abstract-A vehicle  100  (FIG.  1 ) includes a braking system  100   a  (FIG.  2 ) that includes a foundation braking system  111  and a hydraulic braking system  112 . According to method  100   b  (FIGS.  3  and  4 ), system controller  117  (FIG.  2 ) at successive steps  120 - 1 27 determines when hydraulic regenerative braking system  112  cannot provide full commanded braking torque and acts through proportional treadle valve  116   a  to provide a proportional transition between an isolated hydraulic braking mode and an isolated foundation braking mode. According to methods  200   b  (FIGS.  7 - 8 ) and  200   b  (FIGS.  9 - 10 ), proportional braking is approximated. According to method  300  (FIG.  11 ), hydraulic braking is reduced at the initiation of a braking event based upon the estimated kinetic energy of the vehicle and available capacity for storing that energy.

id-US9827965B2    abstract-A method for operating a regenerative braking system of a vehicle includes: applying control to at least one valve of a brake circuit, before and/or during operation of a generator of the braking system, so that brake fluid is displaced out of a brake master cylinder and/or out of the at least one brake circuit into at least one reservoir volume; defining a target force difference variable regarding a booster force exerted by a brake booster in consideration of at least one of a generator braking torque information item, a brake master cylinder pressure variable, and an evaluation variable derived from at least the generator braking torque information item or the brake master cylinder pressure variable; and controlling the brake booster in consideration of the defined target force difference variable.

id-US11454457B2    abstract-An energy transportation and grid support system utilizes at least one transportable containment module capable of storing thermal or chemical energy typically produced from renewable or geothermal sources and providing connectivity with energy conversion equipment typically located in a land or sea-based operating facility. The system includes circuitry to hookup to an adjacent electricity grid for the provision of grid support and/or piping to move thermal energy typically used to drive steam turbines generating electricity. The operating facility also includes a communication arrangement to link with and exchange operations control data with a grid or heating operator and the energy transportation operator. The invention is directed to both apparatus and method for the energy transportation and grid support system.

id-US9067578B2    abstract-A method/controller for operating a vehicle regenerative braking system by operating in a first braking mode, in which a generator braking torque of a generator is not zero and is equal to a first regenerative portion predefined for the first mode, and controlling the system out of the first mode into a second braking mode having a second regenerative portion, which is smaller than the first portion, so that brake fluid is pumped out of a storage volume of the system into at least one wheel brake cylinder and/or at least one brake circuit of the system via at least one brake fluid delivery mechanism; by activating the delivery mechanism via a setpoint delivery output variable, which is established/predefined for a setpoint brake pressure having a setpoint pressure rise which increases over time, so that an actual brake pressure having an actual pressure rise increase over time is built up.

id-EP2864172A4    abstract-

id-EP2888164B1    abstract-

id-US9387774B2    abstract-The train-information management device includes a position detection unit; a regenerating-condition detection unit that detects a regenerative-brake usage condition; a train-line-information holding unit that holds therein information on a section in which a train is more likely to use a brake; a residual-air-amount calculation unit that calculates the amount of residual air in an air tank; and a compressor control unit that controls a compressor. In a regeneration-preparation condition, if a train is running through a position where the distance between the position and a section in which a train is more likely to use a brake is equal to or less than a given value, if the train does not use a regenerative brake, and if the amount of residual air reaches 0%, the compressor control unit causes a compressor to start generating compressed air.

id-EP2891573B1    abstract-

id-EP2703238A1    abstract-The invention relates to the Steuervorrichtung(10) for a rekuperatives braking system by which the car passed the first Soll-Große (18) with one Sensorsignals(16), and at least one Elektromotors(22) has at least The first bike (24) auszuubenden Soll-Motorbremsmoments base, second Soll-Große (20) dispute at least one bike (30 years old) than auszuubenden second Soll-Motorbremsmoments zero festlegbar in addition to taking into account at least one Sensor signals(16), the second Soll-Große (18), the second Soll-Große (20) and/or at least one of the heights of the Schlißsignal (44), Trennventil(46), which at least one of the first Radbremszylinder(24) and Bremskreises(26) connected to Hauptbremszylinder(48) of the Bremssystems is ausgebbar. This also includes the invention of the reflex system that drives the car.
id-US20140042800A1    abstract-There is provided a brake system for performing regenerative braking and friction braking to brake a rotating body, the brake system including: a manipulation part configured to provide a brake input; a regenerative braking unit configured to perform regenerative braking; a friction braking unit configured to perform friction braking; and a control unit configured to control the brake system, wherein the friction braking unit includes: a friction working part configured to brake a rotating body by friction; a pneumatic line system configured to operate the friction working part; a first valve part connected to the pneumatic line system; and a second valve part connected to the pneumatic line system and connected in parallel to the first valve part.

id-US9489601B2    abstract-Methods and systems for detection of a construction zone sign are described. A computing device, configured to control the vehicle, may be configured to receive, from an image-capture device coupled to the computing device, images of a vicinity of the road on which the vehicle is travelling. Also, the computing device may be configured to determine image portions in the images that may depict sides of the road at a predetermined height range. Further, the computing device may be configured to detect a construction zone sign in the image portions, and determine a type of the construction zone sign. Accordingly, the computing device may be configured to modify a control strategy associated with a driving behavior of the vehicle; and control the vehicle based on the modified control strategy.

id-JP2014079099A    abstract-[challenges] during the anti-lock braking operation, energy recovery by regeneration can be efficiently performed, and the braking performance of the vehicle can be improved. Provide the tem. The solution is applicable to an automobile equipped with a motor 6 that separately drives the left and right drive wheels and a regenerative brake unit 54. Set the lock determination unit 50, which determines the wheel tends to lock according to the slip rate of the wheel and the change rate of the slip rate. When the lock judgment unit 50 determines that the wheel has a locking tendency, the regenerative braking torque of the regenerative braking unit 54 is less than the regenerative braking torque corresponding to the braking command value and the wheel does not lock. Provides a regenerative braking anti-lock control unit 48a for control. Select diagram: figure 3
id-US9446749B2    abstract-The brake ECU applies the target braking force by controlling the hydraulic pressure braking force generating device and the regeneration braking force generating device and the brake ECU further controls the advance speed of the output piston so that a drawn-into of a brake operating member can be prevented upon supplying the wheel cylinders from the master cylinder with the brake fluid by advancing the output piston thereby to improve the brake operating feeling of the brake operating member by preventing the brake operating member from being drawn into.

id-US20140100080A1    abstract-Embodiments for heating a vehicle driveline are provided. One example method for a vehicle comprises heating a fluid with kinetic vehicle energy in response to a vehicle braking request, and directing the fluid to a driveline component. In this way, kinetic vehicle energy during a vehicle braking event may be used to heat a driveline component.

id-US9463783B2    abstract-A braking apparatus for work machines has at least two brakes, each having at least one braking circuit. The braking circuits can each be actuated via at least one control valve, and the control valves can be controlled independently of one another. A processing unit, by which the control valves can be controlled or regulated, an operating circuit, via which the braking circuits can be controlled or regulated manually, and at least one pressure supply are provided, and the control valves can be controlled or regulated under predetermined conditions by the processing unit.

id-JP5978504B2    abstract-

id-US10618414B2    abstract-A hydraulic brake system for a land vehicle includes a brake pedal; a wheel brake; and a master brake cylinder connected to the brake pedal by a brake booster and a pump. The outlet of the pump is connected to the wheel brake by a supply line and the inlet is connected to the wheel brake by a return line. The pump moves hydraulic fluid to the wheel brake. A temporary store is connected to the inlet of the pump and the wheel brake by the return line. A pressure reduction valve, arranged in the return line of the wheel brake, has a throttling effect in the open state. A control unit compensates for the difference between a total braking torque specified by the brake pedal and a generating braking torque provided by an electric machine by setting the hydraulic braking torque during a regenerative braking process of the vehicle.

id-EP2733035A3    abstract-The invention relates to at least one rekuperativen Bremssystems of Steuervorrichtung(10) Bremssystemkomponente(18) Elektronikeinrichtung(12) design published the first thing is the most recent information (14) dispute ausubbaren Motor-Bremsmoments(Mankoff) or all generatorisch betreibbaren Elektromotors and a second type of information (16) regarding requests to Soll-Bremsmoments (Bsoll) to receive or identify Bremssystemkomponente (18) products that can utilize these electronic products (12) in addition, Using the first information (14) and the second information (16), the brake system components (18) are pre-designed. It is said that during brake deceleration of the drive shaft, the counter-force generated by the control system components (18) (j. The invention also includes another control device and technology to operate on at least one vehicle's braking system.
