id-JP5720701B2    abstract-

id-EP2476573B1    abstract-

id-US9018812B2    abstract-Manual drive energy is input into a transport device of one embodiment by linearly reciprocating a first drive member that couples by way of a ratchet mechanism (or other mechanical motion rectifier means) and a mechanical motion amplifier means to one or more faster spinning flywheel masses. The one or more flywheel masses are formed in part by a combination electric motor/generator and it has rechargeable electric batteries distributively provided about a flywheel mass portion thereof. Tapered roller bearings having ferromagnetic material are interposed between the one or more flywheel masses and/or between one of the flywheels and a stationary frame of the transport device so as to repeatedly make and break closed magnetic flux conducting loops and thus provide at least one of an electric motoring and electricity generating function.

id-US20120180468A1    abstract-A system and associated devices that can be used to transform vibrational energy absorbed by the wheels of an automobile into captured energy for use by the automobile. A method to charge an automobile's electric battery without burning fuel and in a shorter time period than prior approaches. A method to assure a smooth drive for an automobile by reducing vibrations associated with the automobile. An apparatus that provides for the vector superposition of the magnetic fields from a plurality of adjacent permanent magnets and maximizes radial magnetic flux density within coil windings for optimal power generation and energy conversion efficiency of an automobile. A system, method, and apparatus for compressing air resulting from the passage of a automobile over a roadway, thereby providing generation of power for the automobile.

id-US20120175200A1    abstract-A system is provided for customized vehicle deceleration. The system includes a braking system and a brake pedal position sensor that transmits a brake pedal position signal. A user interface is configured for transmitting a profile selection signal in response to a user input. A controller is configured for receiving the brake pedal position signal, the profile selection signal and an available torque signal, the available torque signal being indicative of a braking system torque capability. The controller analyzes the profile selection signal, to select a brake profile from pre-existing data. The controller compares the brake pedal position signal to the brake profile to determine a deceleration value. The controller compares the deceleration value to the available torque signal to determine a torque command. The controller transmits a torque command signal to the braking system for initiating braking.

id-WO2012105933A1    abstract-The invention is a combination accumulator and reservoir which stores energy when the accumulator deforms from its original shape in response to the flow of a pressurized fluid from the reservoir. The stored energy is returned when the fluid flow is reversed and the accumulator discharges the fluid and returns to its original shape. At least one part of the novelty of the invention is that the accumulator and the fluid reservoir reside in the same housing such that the volume of each varies inversely. Accordingly, the invention is more compact and weighs less than conventional accumulators. Another feature of the invention is that fluid is located around the bladder accumulator to lubricate contact between the bladder and sides of the reservoir.

id-US9081387B2    abstract-A method and a device are for prediction and adaptation of movement trajectories of a vehicle for assisting the driver and/or for preventing or reducing the severity of a collision. Situatively required movement trajectories for assisting the driver or collision avoidance are determined using an environment sensor system. Physically possible movement trajectories are determined from characteristic properties of the driving dynamics of the vehicle and from the coefficient of friction between the tires and the road up to a maximum coefficient of friction. An intersection between the above two sets of trajectories is determined, and only trajectories that are included in this intersection are taken into account for the prediction and adaptation of movement trajectories for the driving assistance or collision avoidance function.

id-US9896074B2    abstract-An input rod is operated by a brake pedal to introduce the air into a variable-pressure chamber through a control valve to propel a power piston, thereby advancing a primary piston to generate a brake fluid pressure in a master cylinder. A part of the reaction force from the fluid pressure is transmitted to the input rod through a reaction member. The primary piston is provided with an idle stroke in which no fluid pressure is generated, and the reaction force to be transmitted to a plunger is limited by a reaction force adjusting spring. In the region of the idle stroke, a fluid pressure is supplied to a wheel cylinder through a fluid pressure control unit to perform regenerative cooperative control, and a reaction force from a reaction spring is applied to the input rod.

id-US9388832B2    abstract-A master cylinder device includes a housing whose front side end is closed and which includes a third housing member separating an interior of the housing into a front side chamber and a rear side chamber and having an opening through the third housing member, a first pressurizing piston which includes a main body portion disposed in the front side chamber and which is moved forward by receiving a force for pressurizing the brake fluid to be supplied to a brake devices, and an input piston. In the master cylinder device, an input chamber into which a brake fluid is introduced is defined between a rear end of the main body portion of the first pressurizing piston and the third housing member. The input piston is fitted in the housing with seals, whereby, an inter-piston chamber across which the input piston and the pressure receiving piston face to each other.

id-WO2012105896A1    abstract-A method for determination of a braking location for regenerative braking of a vehicle (1) to a known stop location. The regenerative braking is effected with a braking force which comprises a regenerative force component F e  imparted by a regenerative brake system (30) of the vehicle. The method comprises the steps of: i) determining a distance between a momentary location and the stop location, ii) determining a braking distance for said regenerative braking on the basis of the momentary speed and F e  ,iii) determining whether the distance between the momentary location of the vehicle and the stop location is within said braking distance, and iv) generating a signal that said braking location has been reached if the distance between the momentary location of the vehicle and the stop location is within said braking distance, otherwise the above method steps are repeated.

id-WO2012112145A1    abstract-A control interface for drivetrain braking provided by a regenerative brake and a nonregenerative brake is implemented using a combination of switches and graphic interface elements. The control interface comprises a control system for allocating drivetrain braking effort between the regenerative brake and the non-regenerative brake, a first operator actuated control for enabling operation of the drivetrain braking, and a second operator actuated control for selecting a target braking effort for drivetrain braking. A graphic display displays to an operator the selected target braking effort and can be used to further display actual braking effort achieved by drivetrain braking.

id-WO2012110988A8    abstract-A kinetic energy recovery device (10; 110) for a vehicle provided with at least of one wheel (4) having a hub (6), it comprises at least one elastic accumulator (11; 111), which is configured for accumulating kinetic energy in the form of elastic energy, and comprises a mobile portion (20; 120, 127, 128); and at least one driving device (12; 112), which is coupled to the mobile portion (20, 120, 127, 128) of the elastic accumulator (11; 111) and the hub (6) and is configured to convert the movement of the mobile portion (20; 120, 127, 128) of the elastic accumulator. (11; 111) into a rotary motion of the hub (6) in the direction of travel of the vehicle (1); the driving device (12; 112) is provided with a first cable (75) provided with a first head (78) coupled to the mobile portion (20, 120, 127, 128) of the elastic accumulator (11; 111); and a free-wheeling element (76), which is coupled to a second head (79) of the first cable (75) and is configured in such a way that winding the first cable in a first sense (Ml) without transmitting a rotary motion to the hub (6) and to unwind the first cable (75) in a second sense (M2) opposite the first sense (Ml) and to transmit a rotary motion to the hub ( 6).

id-US8521350B2    abstract-A control device for a vehicle includes: a charge control portion that adjusts an upper limit of charging power to a battery to prevent a negative electrode potential of the battery from dropping to a lithium reference potential, based on a charge/discharge history of the battery; a braking control portion that detects a sharing ratio between hydraulic braking force by a braking device and regenerative braking force for desired braking force according to a brake pedal depression amount so that a motor generator generates a regenerative braking force within a range of the adjusted upper limit of charging power; and a setting portion that variably sets, according to the hydraulic response rate detected by the detection portion, a degree of limitation of the upper limit when restricting charging current to the battery by restricting the upper limit.

id-US9062593B2    abstract-An arrangement for converting thermal energy to mechanical energy in a vehicle ( 1 ). A working medium is vaporized by a heat source ( 3 ) in the vehicle ( 1 ) and is thereafter expanded through a turbine ( 13 ) generating mechanical energy. A control unit ( 31 ) receives information indicating the vehicle ( 1 ) is to be braked and connects the cooling system ( 21, 39 ) of the vehicle to the vehicle's power train ( 2, 5 - 9 ) to cool a refrigerant to a low temperature. The control unit ( 31 ) receives information that the vehicle ( 1 ) requires extra propulsive force and, uses the cooled refrigerant to subject the working medium in the line circuit ( 10 ) to a second step of cooling before it is led to the evaporator ( 12 ). The condensation temperature of the working medium may thus be lowered and more mechanical energy may be generated in the turbine ( 13 ).

id-US20140028083A1    abstract-A braking system includes a brake pressure provision device for providing brake pressure using a brake medium; a brake pressure compensation device; a wheel brake circuit including a wheel brake cylinder for braking a wheel, the wheel brake circuit being connected via a first actuator to the brake pressure provision device and via a second actuator to the brake pressure compensation device; and a control unit for controlling the actuators and the brake compensation device in such a way that the volume of the brake medium is adapted to a desirable brake pressure in the wheel brake circuit as a function of a predefined parameter, the brake pressure in the wheel brake circuit being reduced with the aid of the brake pressure compensation device and by opening the second actuator and closing the first actuator.

id-US9475475B2    abstract-A hydraulic brake system includes: a plurality of hydraulic brakes; and a first hydraulic pressure generator including a first hydraulic pressure source and a first hydraulic pressure controlling portion that is configured to control an output hydraulic pressure of the first hydraulic pressure source to a target hydraulic pressure. The plurality of hydraulic brakes includes (a) at least one disk brake and (b) at least one drum brake. The first hydraulic pressure generator is in communication with a first brake cylinder that is the brake cylinder of each of the at least one disk brake, and is isolated from a second brake cylinder that is the brake cylinder of each of the at least one drum brake, in a case when a regenerative cooperative control is executed.

id-US20130333969A1    abstract-The aim of the invention is to lower the fuel consumption of a vehicle having a pneumatic brake system during operation of the vehicle by utilizing existing components to their full capacity, thus contributing to energy conservation. The invention relates to a method for controlling pressure, wherein modes of compressed air expansion are provided: in a second compressed-air expansion mode, compressed air is channeled from a second compressed-air storage container to the compression chamber of the air compressor during expansion phases of the air compressor. In a third compressed-air expansion mode, compressed air is channeled from a third compressed-air storage container to the compression chamber of the air compressor during expansion phases of the air compressor. The invention further relates to a pressure control device.

id-US20120273285A1    abstract-A method of utilizing potential energy at a worksite comprising providing an energy storage machine including an energy storage system at a first rendezvous height above a working area, coupling the energy storage machine to a first work machine, generating energy while commuting the energy storage machine and first work machine down the first height, storing the generated energy in the energy storage system and decoupling the energy storage machine and the first work machine at a second rendezvous point adjacent to the working area.

id-EP2704931B1    abstract-

id-US9421953B2    abstract-A control device is described for a brake system of a vehicle, having a valve control device that is designed to determine, at least taking into account a provided information signal relating to a generator braking moment of a generator that is currently being exerted or is to be exerted, a first target state of a first valve of the brake system that is connected to a master brake cylinder of the brake system and to a fluid storage device of the brake system in such a way that a brake fluid volume can be displaced out of the master brake cylinder into the fluid storage device via the first valve, which is controlled into an at least partly open state, and to output a first control signal, corresponding to the first target state, to the first valve, the first target state being determinable, by the valve control device, for a valve connected via at least one intake line to a brake medium reservoir of the brake system as fluid storage device, as first valve. In addition, a method is described for operating a brake system of a vehicle.

id-US9539990B2    abstract-A control device for a brake system of a vehicle includes a valve control device, using which, while taking into account a provided information signal with respect to a currently exerted or to be exerted generator braking torque of a generator, at least one high-pressure switching valve of a brake circuit of the brake system is able to be controlled into an at least partially opened state such that a brake fluid volume is able to be displaced from a main brake cylinder of the brake system into a storage chamber of the brake circuit via the at least one high-pressure switching valve that has been controlled into the at least partially opened state. Furthermore, a method for operating a brake system of a vehicle is described.

id-WO2012161262A1    abstract-By maximizing the air conditioning load recovered by the regenerative power while keeping the interior temperature of the vehicle close to the target temperature, the regenerative power is efficiently consumed by the vehicle itself and regenerative efficiency is greatly improved. The control device of a moving body is equipped with an energy conversion device that converts kinetic energy into electrical energy. The air conditioning device that controls the indoor temperature of the moving body and the brake starting position grasping device that grasps the starting position of the moving body are provided. In addition, at the position before the brake start position, the load of the air conditioning device is set to zero in advance, and at the brake start position, control the room temperature to the minimum allowable temperature when heating, and the maximum allowable temperature when cooling. This ensures that the maximum amount of electrical energy recovered by the energy converter is consumed by the air conditioning system during the period from the start of the brake to the end of the brake.
id-US8991942B2    abstract-A brake control apparatus for a vehicle provided with a regenerative braking system includes a hydraulic circuit where a first passage connects a master cylinder to a wheel cylinder. A second passage connects a discharge side of a pump to a first portion of the first passage. A third passage connects a suction side of the pump to a second portion of the first passage between the master cylinder and the first portion. A fourth passage connects the suction side of the pump to a third portion of the first passage between an inflow valve and the wheel cylinder. A reservoir is connected to the third passage and a portion of the fourth passage between an outflow valve and the suction side of the pump. A shut-off valve restricts brake fluid discharge through a discharge-side valve from the pump being driven.

id-US8960811B2    abstract-A brake apparatus includes: a fluid pressure control valve; a fluid pressure pump; a feedback control circuit correcting a control power corresponding to a feedback control target rotation number of a motor and feed the corrected control power to a motor; a feed forward control circuit configured to feed, to the motor, a control power corresponding to a feed-forward control target rotation number of the motor; and an abnormal control fluid pressure generation control device, if a rotation number detector is abnormal, rotating the electric motor with the rotation number higher than the feedback control target rotation number by a margin rotation number, increases the brake fluid passing through the fluid pressure control valve, and changes the control current to be supplied to the fluid pressure control valve so that the wheel cylinder fluid pressure is not changed.

id-US8777336B2    abstract-A brake apparatus includes: a master cylinder generating a master cylinder fluid pressure; a wheel brake device applying a braking force to the wheels; a control fluid pressure generation device including a fluid pressure control valve and a fluid pressure pump; an electric motor driving the fluid pressure pump; a control fluid pressure setting unit setting a control fluid pressure; wherein the control fluid pressure generation device rotates the electric motor to circulate a brake fluid and applies a control current to the fluid pressure control valve to thus generate the control fluid pressure in the fluid pressure control valve, and a target rotation number setting unit configured to calculate a pump-necessary discharge flow rate and a brake fluid amount, and set a target rotation number of the electric motor based on the pump-necessary discharge flow rate.

id-US9221450B2    abstract-A method for operating a vehicle having an electric machine for driving the vehicle and a brake system. Electric energy can be recovered from a movement of the vehicle by the electric machine. In the method, a state of the brake system of the vehicle is determined, and an actuation of a brake pedal of the vehicle is detected. A brake pressure of the brake system and an energy recovery by the electric machine are adjusted dependent on the state of the brake system and the actuation of the brake pedal.

id-EP2535233B1    abstract-

id-US20120310501A1    abstract-Methods and systems employing the same for controlling braking characteristics of a vehicle are provided. Expected braking characteristics of the vehicle are received and driving condition data is continuously received. A determination as to whether the expected braking characteristics can be safely applied in view of the driving condition data is continuously made and the expected braking characteristics are applied when they can be applied safely.

id-EP2535232A2    abstract-An air braking system for a vehicle blends regenerative and foundation braking during low deceleration conditions in an effective and controlled manner. The braking system also includes a mechanical override that bypasses system electronics in response to an aggressive brake request such that treadle circuit pressure is sent directly to a brake relay circuit to actuate vehicle brakes.

id-EP2726347B1    abstract-

id-EP2733030B1    abstract-

id-EP2548776B1    abstract-

id-US20140318910A1    abstract-A brake system is described for a vehicle having a master brake cylinder that is hydraulically connected to at least one wheel brake caliper, and having a fluid conveyor device by which brake fluid can be transferred into the at least one wheel brake caliper and out of the at least one wheel brake caliper, the fluid conveyor device including a pump motor that is controllable in two directions of rotation, the motor being capable of being controlled in such a way that brake fluid can optionally be pumped by the fluid conveyor device either out of a fluid storage device into the at least one wheel brake caliper or out of the at least one wheel brake caliper into the fluid storage device. In addition, also described is a method for operating a brake system of a vehicle.

id-EP2736754B1    abstract-

id-US20130192915A1    abstract-A flywheel energy storage assembly and a method for dissipating energy stored in a flywheel assembly is provided. The flywheel energy storage assembly includes a flywheel rotatably disposed in a flywheel housing, a fluid source, a braking actuator in fluid communication with the fluid source and an interior of the flywheel housing, a sensor, and a controller in communication with the sensor and the braking actuator. In response to a stimulus detected by the sensor, the controller directs the braking actuator to facilitate fluid communication between the fluid source and the interior of the flywheel housing to dissipate energy stored in the flywheel energy storage assembly.

id-US8781675B2    abstract-A power transmission reception system for pairing a charge-requesting vehicle with a discharge-requesting vehicle for power transmission reception therebetween includes an extraction device and a transmitter. From each vehicle, a center acquire information about a present location, a traveling direction, and a destination point, and records the acquired information in a database while classifying the vehicle as the charge-requesting vehicle or the discharge-requesting vehicle. The extraction device extracts the charge-requesting vehicle and the discharge-requesting vehicle that are to simultaneously travel in a same area as paired vehicles in accordance with the information in the database. The transmitter generates information about a power transmission reception area and a partner vehicle in the power transmission reception, and transmits the generated information to the paired vehicles.

id-US8911703B2    abstract-The present disclosure is directed to systems and methods for reducing and/or harvesting drag energy from transport vehicles. A system in accordance with a particular embodiment includes a mobile transport platform, a donor substance source carried by the platform, and a thermochemical reactor carried by the platform and coupled to the donor substance. The reactor is configured to carry out a non-combustion dissociation process that dissociates the donor substance into a first constituent and a second constituent. An energy extraction system carried by the transport platform and positioned to extract energy from an airstream passing the transport platform is coupled to the reactor to provide energy for the dissociation process.

id-US9260089B2    abstract-The invention relates to a method for controlling a deceleration arrangement ( 10 ) of a motor vehicle with at least one regenerative braking device ( 12 ) which is designed to decelerate the motor vehicle by means of a variable braking torque and to generate electrical energy corresponding to the braking torque. A return speed of an operating element for driving the motor vehicle, in particular an accelerator pedal ( 22 ), is detected (S 2 ). A predefined braking torque is exerted (S 5 ) by the regenerative braking device ( 12 ) if the return speed and/or a variable correlating thereto exceed(s) or fall(s) below a predefined threshold value.

id-US9096315B2    abstract-An apparatus for recovering kinetic energy released during and aircraft landing after ground contact, for ground and/or flight operation, comprising at least one energy converter for conversion of the kinetic energy into another energy form, where the energy converter is located in the area of the nose landing gear and/or in the area of the main landing gear of the aircraft. At least one energy storage system is provided for receiving and releasing at least a part of the converted kinetic energy. The apparatus has a high degree of multiple utilization and enables, for example, maneuvering of a landed aircraft on the taxiway independently of the engines, where the aircraft is substantially moved with the braking energy recovered during the landing process. Since the main engines are no longer required for maneuvering, there is a considerable potential for saving energy and the use of motor-operated tow vehicles is eliminated.

id-US9221441B2    abstract-In a control device for a brake system of a vehicle, given an actuation of a brake actuating element, a buildup of brake pressure is prevented at least in a first wheel brake caliper of a first brake circuit, a first wheel inlet valve of the first wheel brake caliper being controlled to a partly open state, and a first wheel outlet valve of the first wheel brake caliper being kept in a partly open state, a second wheel inlet valve of a second wheel brake caliper of the first brake circuit being controlled to a partly open state, and a second wheel outlet valve of the second wheel brake caliper being controlled to a closed state, in such a way that a brake pressure can be built up in the second wheel brake caliper.

id-US9718359B2    abstract-A vehicle information display may include a split braking gauge for conveying information relating to braking operation and efficiency to assist drivers in maximizing energy capture during braking in vehicle with regenerative braking systems. The split braking gauge may incorporate a side-by-side or stacked configuration for conveying both regenerative braking and friction braking values. The split braking gauge may include fixed thresholds or boundaries associated with dynamic threshold values that can change based on current vehicle operating conditions.

id-WO2013021272A2    abstract-A vehicle braking force control device includes a controller that controls braking force of a wheel by controlling friction braking force generated by a friction braking device and regenerative braking force generated by regenerative braking devices and that performs anti-skid control based on a requested amount of braking force reduction by controlling the friction braking force and reducing the regenerative braking force by an amount of regenerative braking force reduction. The controller sets a target change amount of the friction braking force based on the requested amount of braking force reduction and the amount of regenerative braking force reduction, and controls the friction braking force based on the target change amount when the controller reduces the regenerative braking force by the amount of regenerative braking force reduction.

id-EP2760714B1    abstract-

id-US20130062932A1    abstract-A brake control apparatus for a vehicle provided with a regenerative braking device, the brake control apparatus includes: a first brake circuit connecting a master cylinder configured to generate a brake hydraulic pressure by a brake operation of a driver, and a wheel cylinder to which the brake hydraulic pressure is applied; a booster configured to increase a pressure of a brake fluid within the master cylinder, and to transmit the pressurized brake fluid to the wheel cylinder through a second brake circuit connected with the first brake circuit; a third brake circuit bifurcated from the first brake circuit, and connected with the booster; a reservoir provided on the third brake circuit; and a recirculating device configured to recirculate the brake fluid stored in the reservoir, to the first brake circuit's side.

id-US20130060440A1    abstract-A vehicle braking system includes (a) a rotary machine that functions at least as an electricity generator and that is capable of generating braking torque based on regenerative torque, (b) a first braking control apparatus that electrically controls the braking torque of a mechanical brake that is provided for a wheel, and (c) a second braking control apparatus that replaces one of the braking torque provided by the rotary machine and the braking torque provided by the mechanical brake with another one of the braking torque provided by the rotary machine and the braking torque provided by the mechanical brake while maintaining a target braking torque, the second braking control apparatus correcting the braking torque provided by the rotary machine so that the deviation lessens, if the braking torque of a vehicle has deviation from the target braking torque at time of replacement transition.

id-WO2013038329A2    abstract-A controller for a vehicle having an electric motor for driving the vehicle and a friction brake for inhibiting movement of the vehicle, the controller comprising means arranged to generate a control signal for actuating the electric motor to consume current for generating a drive torque and means for actuating the friction brake to dissipate energy resulting from the drive torque produced by the electric motor while the drive torque is being generated.

id-US20130081705A1    abstract-A system for evacuating gas from a brake booster of a motor vehicle includes: a first conduit adapted to be connected fluidly to the brake booster; an electric pump connected fluidly to the first conduit, and controllable to evacuate gas from the brake booster via the first conduit; a second conduit; an electric valve fluidly connecting the first and second conduits to each other; a mechanical pump connected fluidly to the second conduit, and adapted to be driven by a vehicle drive unit of the motor vehicle to evacuate gas from the brake booster via the first conduit, the electric valve, and the second conduit; and a control unit operatively associated with the electric pump and the electric valve, and configured to control operations of the electric pump and the electric valve according to a working state of the mechanical pump.

id-EP2766231B1    abstract-

id-EP2581249B1    abstract-

id-WO2013056506A1    abstract-The utility model relates to a vehicle inertia force storage, release and reuse system, which comprises a drive shaft (1), a gas motor (2), a clutch (3) and a gas storage cylinder (4) for driving vehicle wheel rotation. The gas motor (3) is connected to the drive shaft (1) through the clutch (3). When the vehicle starts, the gas storage cylinder (4) supplies gas to the gas motor (2), the clutch (3) connects the gas motor (2) with the drive shaft (1), and the gas motor (2) drives the drive shaft (1) to rotate; When the vehicle is running normally, the clutch (3) separates the gas motor (2) from the drive shaft (1); When the vehicle brakes, the clutch (3) connects the gas motor (2) with the drive shaft (1), the drive shaft (1) drives the gas motor (2) to rotate, and the gas motor (2) produces gas and inflates the storage cylinder (4) through the outlet pipe (26). The system can effectively reduce the fuel consumption of the vehicle when starting and reduce the exhaust emission of the vehicle. When braking, the drive shaft (1) can drive the gas motor (2) to inflate the gas cylinder (4), so that the gas cylinder (4) can maintain enough pressure, and the gas motor (2) can also provide a certain resistance to the drive shaft (1), play a slowing role, to enhance the braking effect of the vehicle.
id-US9033115B2    abstract-For zip line braking, a brake cable travels between at least two terminals. A brake applies a braking force to travel of the brake cable. A link arm is in physical communication with the brake cable. A trolley receiver in physical communication with the link arm and slidably traveling along a zip line receives a trolley slidably traveling along the zip line. The trolley receiver transfers the braking force through the link arm to the trolley.

id-US9126501B2    abstract-An electric vehicle includes a regenerative brake and a mechanical brake. The vehicle also includes a wheel bearing unit and a load sensor associated with the wheel bearing unit. The load sensor is configured to detect a load that acts between a road surface and a tire along a direction in which the vehicle travels. The vehicle also includes a load-responsive regenerative brake limiter configured to reduce a braking torque generated by the regenerative brake when an output of the load sensor reaches a preset value. A maximally actuator may be configured to calculate a maximum possible regenerative braking torque for the regenerative brake based on a rotational frequency of a wheel and a state of charge of a battery unit and to actuate the regenerative brake at a maximum torque within that commanded range.

id-JP5872268B2    abstract-

id-JP5892399B2    abstract-

id-EP2591960A1    abstract-The subject of the invention isa method of electric assistance for braking a vehicle with motor (M), said motor (M) comprising an electric motor (10) coupled to a main shaft (20) driving a wheel (22) of the vehicle, a wheel (22) of the vehicle being equipped with a mechanical braking device (48) actuated by a hydraulic circuit (47), The method consists of capturing information in the hydraulic circuit (47) and using said information as a set of braking torque generated by the electric motor (10) and exerted on the main shaft (20), the information captured in the hydraulic circuit (47) being a pressure measurement (P) of the fluid, said pressure measurement (P) being carried out by a sensor (60) disposed at the outlet of the pressure setting device (56) of the hydraulic circuit (47), The pressure measurement (P) being transmitted to the control means (34) of the electric motor (10) in the form of an electric voltage signal (T), and said signal being used by said control means (34) for the calculation of a brake torque set (C) applied to the electric motor, the method being characterized in that said electric brake torque set (C) is proportional to the voltage (T) resulting from the pressure sensor (60), And in that the proportionality factor (K) between the output voltage (T) of the sensor (60) and the set (C) is parameterized in the control means (34).
