id-WO2020143891A1    abstract-Development of central air conditioning, the production of hot air, and hot water, i.e. the development of the loading, transfer and absorption of heat in the central air conditioning system, and facilitating the production of hot water, aeration, heating, cooling, drying, by hot air. As for the development of thermal loading, it allows the machine to operate at large temperature differences, due to the protection thanks to the molecular energy regulator and the initial heat absorption channels. Modern technology USES pipes of very small sections, to transport the heat transport quickly, by a special turbine for the places to be air-conditioned, and in these places the heat transport also USES low thermal energy to cause cooling. Hot water is produced by a reverse heat exchanger: small, powerful, highly efficient and easy to open for cleaning.
id-US20200271329A1    abstract-Automated systems, methods, techniques, processes, products and product components are provided to implement an advanced and energy efficient hot water heating system control scheme that incorporates an advanced hot water reset for the boilers, including condensing boilers in hydronic systems. The advanced controls are provided to substantially enhance combustion (heating) efficiency for the boilers. The disclosed schemes replace conventional linear hot water reset with a device which can stand alone or integrate with boiler control technology or an existing building automation system to create a unique (non-linear) boiler reset curve based on various inputs. The schemes allow boiler control systems to learn and adapt over time maximizing the efficiency of a condensing boiler plant, by providing an independent, intelligent, economical, monitorable and manipulable solution eliminating the need of a head end BAS control system.

id-US20220163236A1    abstract-A condensate drain system for a heating, ventilation, and/or air conditioning (HVAC) system includes a heat exchanger having a plurality of tubes configured to receive ambient air and fluidly coupled to a drain via a conduit, a valve positioned along the conduit between the plurality of tubes and the drain, where the valve is configured to enable a flow of condensate from within the plurality of tubes toward the drain in an open position and the block the flow in a closed position, and a controller configured to adjust a position of the valve based on feedback indicative of an operational state of the HVAC system.

id-US20200309385A1    abstract-A gas-fired instantaneous water heater including a thermoelectric generator (TEG) and a heat pump that is powered by the TEG to improve efficiency compared to existing water heaters. Water to be heated is circulated through the heat pump, TEG heat exchanger, and primary heat exchanger to produce a stream of heated water. An adjustable firing rate permeable matrix radiant burner is included, in which natural gas and air are combusted to produce combustion products, including heat. The combustion products are condensed in a condensing system to produce cooled and dry exhaust gas.

id-US20200316655A1    abstract-A liquid heating apparatus includes a top portion with a burner unit, a coil, an external housing, and an internal housing. The burner unit is arranged to burn a fuel so as to generate a downward directed flame. The coil includes first and second layers of windings. The internal housing is arranged within the external housing. The apparatus is in a substantially upright position during operation. A compartment between the internal housing and the external serves as a first liquid reservoir. The flame from the burner unit is peripherally contained by an inner part of the first layer of windings of the coil. The first layer of windings is configured to direct the flame or exhaust gases downwards. The flame or exhaust gases are redirected such that the they contact all of the second layer of windings, the internal housing inner wall, and the first layer of windings

id-US20200317551A1    abstract-Disclosed is a device for services related to providing hot water, to water treatment, to the cleaning of any fixed or mobile surfaces like lines for proving potable water or food liquid, remarkable in that it is mobile, includes an internal chassis housing in the lower part a tank for recovering possible fluids and a subassembly for producing hot water with at least one condensing boiler associated with at least one module for supplying gas formed by a plurality of gas cylinders of the carburation type storing in their internal volume the gas in the liquid state in the lower part and in the gaseous state in the upper part, the gas cylinders being disposed in the internal chassis substantially horizontally and with the opening orifice oriented upwards so that the end of the pipe for passage of the gas opens onto a larger elongated gaseous part.

id-EP3734151A1    abstract-An oil boiler according to the present disclosure includes a combustion chamber in which a combustion reaction occurs, a burner including a fuel nozzle that sprays fuel of an oil type into the combustion chamber, an air nozzle that injects air into the combustion chamber, and a spark plug that ignites a mixture of the fuel and the air, an air supply pipe that guides the air supplied to the air nozzle, a duct that releases combustion gas, a heat exchanger that heats heating water by heat from the combustion reaction, and a case that receives said components. The duct includes a flue connecting adaptor to which a corrugated pipe and a flue are connected, in which the corrugated pipe is connected to an inlet of the air supply pipe into which the air is introduced, and the flue releases the combustion gas to the outside of the case.

id-EP3964766A4    abstract-

id-US11255574B2    abstract-An oil boiler includes an outer container having openings at opposite ends, a combustion chamber that covers an opening at an upper end of the outer container and in which a combustion reaction occurs, a lower cover that covers an opening at a lower end of the outer container, a plurality of flue tubes to heat heating water flowing in the outer container by guiding combustion gas, a burner including a fuel nozzle that sprays fuel, an air nozzle that injects air, and a spark plug that ignites a mixture of the fuel and the air, and a flame tube part that defines a tube space by surrounding a partial space in which the mixture is ignited, the flame tube part including a flame tube having an open lower end and a recirculation hole formed through the flame tube such that the combustion gas is introduced into the flame tube.

id-US20210003318A1    abstract-A passive heater for heating a drainage tube, the passive heater including: an elongated flexible thermal conductor including a first end and a second end, wherein the first end is configured to be disposed in contacting relationship with a heat source and at least a portion of the elongated flexible thermal conductor is configured to be disposed in contacting relationship with a portion of the drainage tube; and an eyelet disposed on the first end, the eyelet configured to facilitate the securement of the elongated flexible thermal conductor to the heat source, wherein the first end is configured to receive heat and transmit it along the elongated flexible thermal conductor to increase temperature of the portion of the drainage tube to prevent freezing of a fluid through the drainage tube.

id-US20210033306A1    abstract-Provided is a condensate water trap for a gas furnace that collects and discharges condensate water produced in a heat exchanger and an exhaust pipe. The condensate water trap includes: a first inlet through which the condensate water produced in the heat exchanger is introduced; a second inlet through which the condensate water produced in the exhaust pipe is introduced; a first flow path through which the condensate water coming from the first inlet passes; a second flow path through which the condensate water coming from the second inlet passes; an outlet through which the condensate water introduced through the first and second inlets is discharged; a third flow path into which the residual condensate water passed through at least one of the first and second flow paths but not discharged through the outlet is introduced; and a sensing mechanism that senses if the amount of residual condensate water introduced into the third flow path is greater than or equal to a given amount.

id-US20210025616A1    abstract-A gas furnace includes: a burner in which a mixture of air and fuel gas burns; a heat exchanger through which a combustion gas produced by the combustion of the mixture flows; a duct including a room air duct through which air coming from a room passes and a supply air duct through which air supplied to the room passes; a blower that induces a flow of the room air supplied as the supply air to the room through the heat exchanger; and a humidification and dehumidification device with no water supply installed on one side of the supply air duct. The amount of moisture contained in the supply air is adjusted by an adsorbent coated on the surface of the humidification and dehumidification device with no water supply.

id-US20210025621A1    abstract-Provided is a gas furnace. The gas furnace includes: a manifold with an exhaust port for discharging fuel gas; a nozzle attached to the exhaust port; a burner for burning a mixture of air and fuel gas ejected from the nozzle; a primary heat exchanger that provides a first flow path and allows a combustion gas produced by the combustion of the mixture to move through the first flow path; and a secondary heat exchanger located adjacent to the primary heat exchanger, that provides a second flow path and allows the combustion gas discharged from the primary heat exchanger to move through the second flow path, wherein the secondary heat exchanger includes: at least one tube forming the second flow path; and a baffle inserted into the at least one tube, the baffle including: a plate longitudinally extending in a lengthwise direction and twisted in the shape of a screw; and a plurality of holes formed to penetrate the plate.

id-WO2021026397A1    abstract-A water heater includes an outer casing defining a longitudinal axis, an axial direction being defined as extending along the longitudinal axis. The water heater further includes a combustor for production of hot flue gases, a primary heat exchanger including a tube positioned within the outer casing, and a secondary heat exchanger including a plurality of plates coupled together by brazing to form a brazed plate heat exchanger. The secondary heat exchanger includes a first set of passages defined between the plates, and a second set of passages defined between the plates and alternating with the first set of passages in the axial direction. The primary and secondary heat exchangers are in fluid communication such that the flue gases flow through the second set of passages before being exhausted, and water to be heated flows through the first set of passages to a delivery point for use upon demand.

id-WO2021043894A1    abstract-Procedure to Hiss Biomase-Heizanlage :(1) Verfeuerung fuel by weight Pellets and/or Hackgut Biomase-heizanlage, will be a pot (11) and a Brennkammer(24), a fan (15) and a memory Steuereinrichtung(17)(171) and a screen (172). Relatively speaking, the program takes the following symptoms: Find out if (S2) the Biomase-Heizanlage :(1) first console program, in case the Biomase-Heizanlage :(1) first console program will not terminate, if the Biomase-Heizanlage :(1) first console program will accelerate Procedure, proceed with the following steps: Stop most of the Warmeerzeugungsparametern (S5), those should include at least the following parameters: a service parameter about the blower, at least a working space; A material parameter describing the characteristics of the fuel/fuel to be burned.
id-US20220034522A1    abstract-A tankless water heater includes a scale control module (SCM). The SCM is mounted inside or outside of a cabinet which encloses a heat exchanger and source of heat of the water heater. The SCM may include a connector and a cartridge removably attaching to the connector or may only include a cartridge permanently affixed to the tankless water heater. The tankless water heater includes a continuous water pathway inside the cabinet to supply water to all components of the tankless water heater, including the SCM. The tankless water heater receives supply water at its inlet, treats the supply water in the SCM to generate treated water having reduced scale-forming characteristics compared to the supply water, and heats the treated water in the heat exchanger to generate heated treated water.

id-EP3798530A1    abstract-The invention comprises a container (10) for conveying gas and condensate on a heating device, with a sealing net (30) fitted between an adequate adapter (24) and a vacuum tube (26). It is recommended to install and save the nesting (30) after (24) between a fixed collar (34) and a separate fastener (36). The same design also has a heater (10) with such a component (28).
id-WO2021057677A1    abstract-The invention provides a condensing boiler, which comprises an internal heat exchange tube and an external heat exchange tube located in the outer ring of the internal heat exchange tube. The internal heat exchange tube is formed with an accommodating cavity, and the internal heat exchange tube and the external heat exchange tube are both optical tubes. The water-cooled burner comprises a tubular body and a fluid box connected to both ends of the tubular body, wherein a fluid box is sealed with one end of the containment chamber, and another fluid box is sealed with the other end of the containment chamber. The tubular body comprises an inner cylinder and a plurality of outer tubes, and the plurality of outer tubes are arranged horizontally around the outer side of the inner cylinder. Both ends of the multiple outer tubes are respectively communicated with the fluid box. The condensing boiler of the invention has high heat exchange efficiency and is conducive to realizing a high-power boiler.
