id-US10890356B2    abstract-The heat exchange device ( 200 ) includes a primary heat exchanger ( 10 ), a secondary heat exchanger ( 20 ), and a connecting pipe ( 60 ). The connecting pipe connects the primary heat exchanger and the secondary heat exchanger. The primary heat exchanger ( 10 ) includes a primary heat exchange part ( 11 ), a shell plate ( 12 ) surrounding the primary heat exchange part, and a body pipe part ( 13 ) for cooling the shell plate. The body pipe part ( 13 ) is disposed closer to a burner than the primary heat exchange part ( 11 ) and is connected to the connecting pipe ( 60 ). The primary heat exchange part ( 11 ) includes a first heat transfer tube part ( 111 ) connected to the body pipe part ( 13 ), and a second heat transfer tube part ( 112 ) connected to the first heat transfer tube part and disposed on a side opposite to the body pipe part with respect to the first heat transfer tube part.

id-US11435113B2    abstract-A water heater system includes a tank for storing water; a flue assembly positioned within the tank, the flue assembly adapted to transfer heat from flue gases within the flue assembly to water in the tank; a burner in fluid communication with an inlet end of the flue assembly and operable in at least a high input mode and a low input mode to deliver the flue gases to the flue assembly, the exhaust assembly having a threshold temperature above which the exhaust assembly is not suitable; and an exhaust assembly including a fan, wherein at least in the low input mode, the flue gases condense in the flue assembly, and wherein operation of the fan reduces a temperature of the flue gases in the exhaust assembly to below the threshold temperature at least in the high input mode.

id-US10935280B2    abstract-An extreme condensing boiler includes cold and hot water headers, burner, and multi-tubing heat exchanger, so that cold water absorbs heat from exhaust gas of the burner being heated to medium-hot, which absorbs heat generated by the burner being heated to hot water through absorbing heat from both sides of tube portion of the multi-tubing heat exchanger, and so that the hot water is delivered to the hot water header, and a combustion air heat exchanger is provided around the multi-tubing heat exchanger. The condensing boiler uses dual/triple tubes for fire and water tubes, increasing efficiency by absorbing heat from both sides. The fire tube is surrounded by the cold water tube so as to minimize exhaust gas temperature and maximize condensing by absorbing waste heat. The condensing boiler realizes a direct fire boiler through the fire and water tubes, and an energy-saving tankless boiler including headers and tubes only.

id-EP3765797A4    abstract-

id-EP3540328B1    abstract-

id-US10591185B1    abstract-Certain exemplary embodiments can provide a system, machine, device, and/or manufacture that is configured for operably releasing condensate from a furnace combustion gas containment system without allowing a substantial quantity of drain air to enter the condensate producing system from a drain or a substantial quantity of combustion gas to flow through the system, machine, device, and/or manufacture.

id-US10876795B2    abstract-A heat exchanger disposed on a downstream side of a gas flow passage of combustion exhaust gas ejected from a burner comprising a plurality of heat exchange units stacked in a gas flow passage direction of the combustion exhaust gas, an inlet pipe, and an outlet pipe, wherein the inlet pipe and the outlet pipe are provided so as to protrude from a most downstream heat exchange unit located on a most downstream side of the gas flow passage of the combustion exhaust gas toward the downstream side of the gas flow passage of the combustion exhaust gas.

id-US20210247103A1    abstract-A heat exchanger unit according to the present invention comprises: a sensible heat exchanger including a sensible heat exchange pipe disposed in a sensible heat exchange area for heating water used for heating by receiving sensible heat generated by a combustion reaction, wherein the sensible heat exchange pipe receives the water used for heating and flows same through the interior, and a sensible heat fin disposed in the sensible heat exchange area, wherein the sensible heat fin is formed in a plate shape across the sensible heat exchange pipe and penetrated by the sensible heat exchange pipe; and a latent heat exchanger positioned downstream from the sensible heat exchange area on the basis of a reference direction, which is a flow direction of combustion gas generated during the combustion reaction, the latent heat exchanger including a latent heat exchange pipe disposed in a latent heat exchange area.

id-JP7097746B2    abstract-

id-WO2019219434A1    abstract-A heat cell comprises a premix gas burner and a heat exchanger. The premix gas burner is provided for the generation of flue gas by surface stabilized combustion of premixed combustible gas. The heat exchanger is provided for transfer of heat from the flue gas through the walls of the heat exchanger to fluid flowing continuously through the heat exchanger. The heat cell is alternatingly operated in burner-on and burner-off mode. During the burner-on-mode flue gas is generated by the premix gas burner. During the burner-off mode no flue gas is generated by the premix gas burner. During at least 50% of the burner-on mode the heat cell is operated such that in the heat exchanger liquid is condensed from the flue gas. During the final period of the burner-on mode before switching to burner-off mode, the heat cell is operated such that fluid in the heat exchanger is heated to higher temperatures than the average temperature to which the fluid is heated in the heat exchanger during the burner-on mode; such that during the final period of the burner on-mode the heat cell is operated in non-condensing mode and such that condensation liquid present in the heat exchanger is removed by evaporation.

id-EP3567295A1    abstract-At Siphon:(1) Flussigkeitsfuhrung above fixed Kondensatbehalter (2) simultaneously Flussigkeitsfuhrung Kondensatzulauf(4) and Kondensatablauf (6) respectively, Flussigkeitsfuhrung vertical transfer is Oberkante (15) / Flussigkeitsfuhrung is a Flussigkeitsfuhrung below the upper level of the lowest position (16) of Unterkante. Condenser tube (6) At least one child has a leaking component (14).
id-JP2020003108A    abstract-Challenges heat exchangers that can eliminate the defect that causes the body pipe to corrode easily and improve the thermal efficiency are provided. The solution is arranged in can body 2 on the upstream side of the flow direction of heating gas than multiple fins 4, and the side wall part 22a of can body 2, The heat exchanger HE includes a body pipe 5 in contact with the inner surface of 22b, and further includes a heat shield member 8, which covers the inner surface of at least multiple parts of the body pipe 5 that are close to the fin 4. The first extension part 81 extends from the back pipe cover part 80 to multiple fins 4 in order to block at least part of the first gap C1 formed between the back pipe cover part 80 and multiple fins 4. I am. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20230152007A1    abstract-A heat exchanger unit according to the present invention includes a sensible heat exchanger including a sensible heat exchange pipe disposed in a sensible heat exchange area for heating water used for heating by receiving sensible heat generated by a combustion reaction, wherein the sensible heat exchange pipe receives the water used for heating and flows same through the interior, and a sensible heat fin disposed in the sensible heat exchange area. The sensible heat fin is formed in a plate shape across the sensible heat exchange pipe and penetrated by the sensible heat exchange pipe; and a latent heat exchanger positioned downstream from the sensible heat exchange area on the basis of a reference direction, which is a flow direction of combustion gas generated during the combustion reaction, the latent heat exchanger including a latent heat exchange pipe disposed in a latent heat exchange area.

id-US20200033027A1    abstract-A gas furnace includes: a combustion part in which a fuel gas is burnt to generate a combustion gas; a heat exchanger having a gas flow path through which the combustion gas flows; a blower configured to blow air around the heat exchanger; and an inducer configured to discharge the combustion gas from the heat exchanger, wherein the heat exchanger includes: at least one single path in which a single gas flow path is formed; a single-multiple return bend configured to communicate with the single path and convert a flow direction of the combustion gas; and at least one multiple path having a plurality of paths that communicate with the single-multiple return bend and form multiple gas flow paths.

id-EP3627085A1    abstract-A heat exchanger (1) includes a heat exchanging body (20) disposed within an outer box (10). A supply pipe (21) and a discharge pipe (22) in fluid communication with the heat exchanging body (20) respectively extend through first and second insertion holes (31, 32) in the outer box (10). Elastic seal members (40; 240) are respectively provided around the supply pipe (21) and the discharge pipe (22) and between a first sidewall (11) of the outer box (10) and the heat exchanging body (20). At least one biasing member (50; 250) exerts a lateral biasing force (Fl; F2) on the elastic seal members (40; 240), thereby maintaining the elastic seal members (40; 240) in a state of compressive deformation and contacting the outer box (10) and the heat exchanging body (20) in an air-tight manner to block potential leakage paths (LP1; LP2) via the insertion holes (31, 32).

id-EP3617597B1    abstract-

id-JP2020029994A    abstract-[challenges] to improve the heat exchange efficiency without increasing the pressure loss of the combustion exhaust. [solution] the heat exchange unit (6) is used to exchange the heat between the heated fluid (water W) and the combustion exhaust gas (EG). The heat exchange unit (10) is connected to the heat exchange tube, and the heated fluid is placed between the heat exchange tube and the heat exchange tube. The flow change part (14, wind direction plate 40, 42, ventilation plate 102, 102a, 102b) can change the flow state of the combustion exhaust taken into the heat exchange part. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20200072557A1    abstract-The exhaust duct includes an exhaust collecting portion connected a heat exchanger and an exhaust guiding portion communicating with the exhaust collecting portion and extended upward in a state close to a side of a cylindrical body of the heat exchanger. The exhaust collecting portion includes a connection opening constituting an inner peripheral wall, into which a cylindrical outlet side connection portion at the lower end of the heat exchanger is fitted, and a groove provided on an outer peripheral side than the inner peripheral wall of the connection opening. The packing includes a seal portion sandwiched in a compressed state between the inner peripheral wall of the connection opening in the exhaust collecting portion and an outer peripheral wall of the cylindrical outlet side connection portion in the heat exchanger to constitute a seal and an anchor portion inserted into the groove of the exhaust collecting portion.

id-US11565955B2    abstract-A condensate chamber is a housing having an inlet, an outlet, a base, a top wall, and upstanding sidewalls. The upstanding sidewalls include a first end sidewall, a second end sidewall, a first side sidewall, and a second side sidewall. A divider is disposed within the housing and includes a proximal end disposed against the first end sidewall and extends towards the second end sidewall. A gap is defined in between a distal end of the divider and the second end sidewall. The divider defines a serpentine channel within the housing starting at the inlet and ending at the outlet.

id-JP2020046133A    abstract-[challenges] we provide combustion equipment that has high heat exchange efficiency, is easy to miniaturize, and can discharge drain efficiently. The exhaust part 1 is connected to the lower edge edge 12a of the secondary heat exchanger case 12, which has an exhaust port 4 for discharging combustion gas after passing through the secondary heat exchanger case 12, and includes the first surface 2ba parallel to the lower edge edge 12a. It has a base 2b. The drain outlet 2aa discharges the drain from the first surface 2ba of the bottom 2b. The drain outlet 2aa is arranged in the exhaust path from the secondary heat exchanger case 12 to the exhaust outlet 4 to avoid overlapping area RA with the secondary heat exchanger case 12 from the upper and lower viewpoints. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2020101615A2    abstract-It starts combustion by taking atmosphere temperature as the basis; automatically defines combustion time and circulation water pump waiting time by taking atmosphere temperature as the basis; during combustion, the start/ stop combi boiler (4) modulates flame height, fan speed and pump speed based on the set climatic program and atmosphere temperature, to keep under control the amount of energy to be sent to radiators; while energy is sent to radiators by the mainboard, it also measures return water temperature, temperature of water sent to radiators by use of temperature sensors (29); it measures the amount of water passing through the combi boiler by use of a flow sensor (40) to keep under control the amount of energy generated; in lower atmosphere temperatures, it increases the amount of energy generated based on the climatic program set; return water is cooled down by a dedicated heat exchanger (18) by use of the fresh air taken in the combi boiler; return water arrives the combustion chamber in low temperature and the start/ stop combi boiler is constantly operated in high efficiency; even if the temperature of water sent to radiators by the start/ stop combi boiler (4) is increased in cold weather, there is nearly no efficiency loss; one of the most important features of the start/ stop combi boiler (4) is the flue used; the hermetic core flue (1) developed by us is an important feature of this combi boiler, thanks to which the thermal energy in the discharge air is transferred to fresh air taken in the combi boiler; in order to keep discharge air temperature under zero Celsius degree and obtain high level of efficiency, some models are equipped with a compressor (32); the compressor (32) reduces the temperature of discharge air by use of a cooling evaporator (35) to obtain high level of efficiency; since the compressor (32) is not switched on when utility water is demanded from the start/ stop combi boiler (4), the Hamita device has been developed.

id-JP2020070938A    abstract-[issues] we provide plate type heat exchangers that can improve the heat exchange efficiency by suppressing the low heat transfer coefficient, reduce the overall size and weight, and reduce manufacturing costs appropriately. A plate heat exchanger HE is composed of multiple plates 2, which are stacked inside to form a liquid flow path 6, and gas flow path 7, which is formed between the multiple plates 2 and is used for heating gas passage. The opening area of the gas outflow opening 7b is smaller than the opening area of the gas outflow opening 7a of path 7. Select diagram: figure 3
id-US11262129B2    abstract-A gas phase type heating method includes loading an object into a vapor heating furnace or a heating furnace via a loading/unloading portion, cooling vapor of a heat transfer liquid by a cooler provided above the loading/unloading portion in the vapor heating furnace, and causing a gas to go in and out, making a pressure in a continuous furnace uniform, and heating the loaded object, by a connection portion that is provided above the cooler and has a pressure loss smaller than a pressure loss of the loading/unloading portion.

id-US20200141591A1    abstract-A condensate trap for a furnace system includes a trap inlet configured to receive combusted gases, a condensate chamber coupled to the trap inlet and configured to trap condensate, a trap outlet coupled to the condensate chamber and configured to exhaust the combusted gases, a header box inlet configured to receive condensate from a header box, and a condensate outlet configured to drain condensate from the condensate chamber. Combusted gas that passes through the condensate trap provides heat to condensate within the condensate trap to thaw frozen condensate or to prevent condensate from freezing.

id-JP6909998B2    abstract-

