id-US11473857B2    abstract-A modular exhaust configured for exhausting a flue flow of a heat exchanger, the modular exhaust including a cross tube including an inlet end, an exit end and a central axis, wherein the cross tube configured for receiving the flue flow at the inlet end and channeling the flue flow to the exit end; a condensate drainage exit aperture disposed on a bottom portion of the cross tube, the condensate drainage exit aperture configured for draining condensate from the first heat exchanger; and a vertical tube including a central axis, a top end and a bottom end, the cross tube configured to be connected at the exit end of the cross tube to a portion of the vertical tube disposed between the top end and the bottom end, the central axis of the cross tube is not disposed perpendicularly with respect to the central axis of the vertical tube.

id-US20210257959A1    abstract-Various disclosed embodiments include combined heating and power modules and combined heat and power devices. In an illustrative embodiment, a combined heat and power device includes a heating system including: at least one burner; at least one igniter configured to ignite the at least one burner; a fluid motivator assembly including an electrically powered prime mover; and a heat exchanger fluidly couplable to the fluid motivator assembly. At least one thermophotovoltaic converter has a photon emitter and at least one photovoltaic cell, the photon emitter being thermally couplable to the at least one burner, the at least one photovoltaic cell being thermally couplable to the heat exchanger.

id-EP3868459A1    abstract-The device (1) uses electricity and/or cleans Rauchgases thoroughly and a Rauchgas-Einlass chamber (2)(3) simultaneously to Rauchgas Rauchgas-einlass (3) goes to the Chamber (2) and pushes out a Rauchgas-Ablass(4), while Rauchgas fill your heart after the chamber (2) through Rauchgas-Ablass(4); (2) Make the chamber (2) and trigger Warmetauschervorrichtung (5). While filling the chambers of your heart with (2)Rauchgas for overheating and/or water purification, an erwarmendes psychic carbon Fluid is guided through Warmetauschervorrichtung (5) while passing through Warmetausch Rauchgas with the medium of Rauchgas are deprived of heat while in an association 7.3(2) by at least partially open full liquid (7)(8)Wannenelement, persistent "buoyancy", meaning that the surface of the gas will generate additional thermal energy, or cause the liquid to absorb particles extracted from the smoking gas. That is, the temperature of the smoke will fall through the contact.
id-WO2021194157A1    abstract-The invention relates to an exhaust gas purifying type condensing boiler, Detail than the normal operation of boiler emissions generated contained in carbon monoxide and nitrogen oxides (NOx) through nitrogen oxides catalyst and co catalyst filtration can effectively purify the content as well as allowing Dan xing boiler during use of the condensation number of external to ensure you can prevent the emission of greenhouse gases emissions purification on corn bin xing boiler. The invention is a boiler body (100) equipped with a combustion section (110) comprising a burner (120) and a heat exchanger (130) for burning fuel inside; The exhaust year (200) with the longitudinal rudder side connected to the above combustion section (110) extending to the upper side of the above boiler body (100) and protruding outward; 상기 exhaust flue (2) the length of the rudder remind installed to connect to the exhaust flue flow in the exhaust gases from (2) nitrogen oxides containing nitrogen oxides catalysts can filter to filter (32) is mounted to a detachable filtering piping inside (including three); characterized by being formed.
id-EP3889517A1    abstract-The invention relates to Kondensat-Ruckfuhrungsvorrichtung (1), aufweisend Rohrkorper (2) which frame is rectangular and hollow, which is the first open Langsende (3) which is an inviting open Kondensat-Auffangkanal Langsende (4),(6) and an Anschlusskanal(5), while being Anschlusskanal Kondensat-Auffangkanal(6), (5) in the range of (7)(2) of a set of yarns intersecting Rohrkorpers, commonly used in the coagulator channel (6) on the inside of the hose, with a trained face mask (10) and a jettisoning port (11), commonly used in the conveying pipe (5) iron pipe surface (2), And trained one (8) and abandoned the shell (9). Meanwhile Bodenwandung Kondensat-Auffangkanals(6) and (10) the land of (8)Anschlusskanals homolog position (12)(5) on the group of yarns intersecting (7) Rohrkorpers (2) elements while Anschlusskanal Kondensat-Auffangkanal(6), (5) is a multi-pass (15) up.
id-WO2021219020A1    abstract-The invention discloses a gas heating wall hanging furnace adopting extrusion molding process, which comprises a burner fan, an isobaric air duct, a heat exchanger pair, a water channel, a dew bearing plate and a chimney. The constant pressure air duct is communicated with the burner fan and the heat exchanger pair, and the heat exchanger pair is provided with a combustion chamber; The water channel is arranged outside the heat exchanger pair, the dew plate is arranged at the bottom of the heat exchanger pair, the chimney is connected with the dew plate, the heat exchanger pair is composed of a pair of heat exchangers that can be tightly sealed and butt, and the flue gas side of the heat exchanger adopts the silicon infiltration process to strengthen the anti-condensation water corrosion performance. Water-cooled fins and built-in combustion chamber are used to reduce pollutant discharge, symmetrical comb fin structure and surface corrugations optimize temperature field distribution and expand effective heat transfer area. Each heat exchanger in the heat exchanger pair is an extruded profile using composite materials. The gas heating wall hanging furnace adopts an efficient and mature extrusion molding process, which has superior performance and unique price advantage.
id-EP3892936A1    abstract-The enterprise concerned is an invention of the incinerator, the inner Baner (1) a Heizkessels fuel is cremated, bought Brennerleistung Brenners:(1) with Regelungseinrichtung(2) will get the solution in the combustion process Brennstoffs anfallendes Kondensat uses an example and Steigrohr (3.1,3) to input a vertical condensing tube (3) into a condensing water bottle captured by a sensor (4) and an internal temperature received by a control device (2). At the time of invention, dosage standards were set and compared with field temperatures. In the flow to absinkendem Kondensatfullstand (3.1) and in reaching a Kondensatmindestfullstand, Boußentemperatur above Außentemperaturgrenzwertes Brennerleistung Brenners :(1) reduce or lower the cost of Außentemperatur Außentemperaturgrenzwertes before a difference in guidance and Rucklauftemperatur Heizkessels appreciation.
id-US20210318029A1    abstract-Aspects of the invention are directed to condensate traps having a back portion and a front portion. The back portion includes a first passage enclosed between the first wall, a second wall, and a back wall. A first opening in the back portion connects the first wall and the second wall with a first float placed over the first opening and does not travel below the first opening and is prevented from leaving the first passage by a first constriction. The front portion of the condensate trap includes a second passage enclosed between the third wall and the fourth wall. A second opening connects the third wall and the fourth wall in the front portion and a second float is placed below the second opening such that it does not travel through the second opening and is prevented from falling below a predetermined level by a second constriction.

id-US20210325087A1    abstract-The disclosed technology includes a system and method of preventing short cycling in a water heater. The system can include a burner, a temperature sensor, and a controller. The controller can be configured to perform several steps to determine whether to turn on a burner and whether to increment a temperature offset value based on the amount of time that has elapsed since the last time the burner was on.

id-WO2021239013A1    abstract-The utility model relates to a smoke baffle plate for a heat exchanger, a heat exchanger assembly and a gas water heater. The smoke baffle plate for a heat exchanger comprises an installation part (1), a bending part (2) and a wind shield part (3). The installation part (1) is arranged around the wind shield part (3), and the bending part (2) is connected between the installation part (1) and the wind shield part (3). The windscreen part (3) comprises a funnel-shaped incline (31), an air vent (32) and a condensate discharge hole (33). The air vent (32) is arranged in the middle of the funnel-shaped incline (31), and the condensate discharge hole (33) is arranged on the funnel-shaped incline (31); The heat exchanger assembly comprises a heat exchanger, a flue gas heat exchange chamber shell (4) and a smoke baffle plate for the heat exchanger; The gas water heater includes a heat exchanger assembly. The scheme can increase the heat exchange time of stainless steel heat exchanger, improve the heat exchange effect and corrosion resistance, and provide a condensed water discharge channel.
id-US20210372664A1    abstract-An assembly for a water heater having a burner includes a tube extending longitudinally along a centerline from a first end adjacent the burner to a second end. The first end includes a flared portion extending away from the centerline. A partition is provided downstream of the burner and includes an opening having a curved flange defining an opening for receiving the flared portion of the tube.

id-WO2021258501A1    abstract-A condensing heat exchanger comprises a flue gas passage and an endothermic component (4) arranged on the flue gas passage. The flue gas passage enters from the upper end face of the endothermic component (4) and is discharged from the lower end face. The endothermic component (4) is provided with a inclined water baffle plate (2), and the lower end of the water baffle plate (2) is provided with a drainage outlet (2a).
id-WO2021254541A9    abstract-The neutralization box (A) intended to reduce the acidity of condensate from condensing boilers and flues comprises a lid (V) of the neutralization box (A) and a body T of the neutralization box (A), the inner space (T1) of which, containing the limestone granulate (B), is longitudinally and partially divided by several fins (L1, L2) shorter than the length of the inner space (T1) of the body (T) of the neutralization box (A), wherein each odd fin (L1) is fixedly anchored on one side from the inside to the vertical wall (W1) of the body (T), and each even fin (L2) is fixedly anchored from the inside to the vertical wall (W2) of the body (T), which is opposite to the vertical wall (W1), into which the inlet (P) of the acidic condensate (K) is led, while the outlet (0) of the neutralised condensate (N) is incorporated into the vertical wall (W2).

id-WO2021258502A1    abstract-A combustion heat exchange system comprises A combustion chamber (A), a flue gas chamber (B), a combustion chamber (A) is installed at the bottom of the fire row (5), the top is installed with a main heat exchanger (8), the flue gas chamber (B) is located above the combustion chamber (A), the flue gas chamber (B) is installed inside the heat absorption component (7); The flue gas chamber (B) is covered by the smoke hood (3), and the fan (2) is arranged outside the smoke hood (3) at the exit of the flue gas chamber (B). The hot gas generated by the combustion chamber (A) flows through the main heat exchanger (8) to the heat-absorbing assembly (7) and then is drawn out by the fan (2); The cold water passes through the heat absorbing component (7) and then flows to the main heat exchanger (8) for heat exchange.
id-EP4075075A1    abstract-A premixed water-cooling combustion coupled cast-aluminum-silicon water boiler with series-connected boiler sections. A main structure is formed by axisymmetric series-connected boiler sections instead of three different boiler sections, including an upper radiation zone composed of a water-cooling combustion head, a front cover plate and a rear cover plate, a middle convection zone and condensation zone, and a lower special-shaped smoke box. A center of a combustion chamber of each boiler section is provided with a water-cooling combustion head including an annular water channel, two parallel ascending water channels or water channels respectively provided at two sides of an upper portion of a furnace. A flue gas-air mixture is ignited to burn after passing through anti-backfire ribs and flame-stabilizing fins. The flue gas is allowed to flow downward through radiation zone, the convection zone and a pin-fin heating surface of the condensation zone, and is collected in the special-shaped smoke box. The flue gas is allowed to turn to be upwardly discharged. The boiler is provided with a header inside rather than connected to an external water channel, so as to simplify sealing, improve working efficiency, and make a boiler structure more compact. The water boiler integrates water cooling and heat exchange, reducing a temperature of the combustion area, restraining a generation of nitrogen oxides, and reducing nitrogen oxides.

id-US20220034550A1    abstract-A heated flue includes a flue section configured to be fluidly coupled to an exhaust outlet of a boiler. At least one heater is mechanically coupled to the flue section to heat an exhaust gas flowing within. A sensor is mechanically coupled to the flue section or disposed within the flue section. The sensor is configured to measure a parameter of the exhaust gas flowing within. A controller is operatively coupled to the at least one heater and the sensor. The controller is configured to control a temperature of the exhaust gas based on the parameter. A method to vent a condensing boiler into a non-condensing rated stack is also described.

id-US20220154976A1    abstract-A condensation tray for condensing tankless water heaters is disclosed. The tray can include a plurality of peaks and valleys. The peaks can divert condensate runoff from a secondary heat exchanger into the valleys so as to prevent the condensate from falling on a primary heat exchanger. The tray includes gas apertures that enable combustion gases to pass through the tray and across the secondary heat exchanger. Overhangs on the peaks can prevent the condensate from draining through the gas apertures.

id-WO2022065937A1    abstract-A water heater according to the present invention, including a burner which is arranged to generate a combustion reaction from air and fuel, and a heating unit which is arranged to generate heating water using the heat generated by the above combustion reaction; And produces water vapor by evaporating water using combustion gas generated by the above combustion reaction and discharged from the above heating unit, including a humidifying unit arranged to provide the above water vapor with the above air to the above burner.
id-US20220107115A1    abstract-A furnace with a condensing heat exchanger and a pH sensor, and a method of monitoring the furnace are provided. The furnace may include a condensate collector box and/or a condensate trap. At least one of the condensate collector box and/or the condensate trap may include pH sensor (e.g., disposed within the respective component). The pH sensor is configured to measure a pH level of the condensate from the condensing heat exchanger. The furnace may include a control board configured to receive the pH level from the pH sensor. The control board may be configured to trigger a notification and/or change the operation of the furnace (e.g., to dilute the condensate) based on the received pH level. The notification may include at least one of: an illumination of an indicator disposed on the furnace, and a transmission of a signal to a communicating device such as a thermostat.

id-EP3988858A1    abstract-The invention relates to a certain procedure and device (11,24) in the vicinity of the exhaust chamber to close the engine (2), in particular to the so-called heat-quenching device (1), The discharge from the exhaust chamber produces a condenser (12)(11)24 in Aufstellraum Auslass(18)(1) a swimming Siphon(16)(17) and a Schlißfunktion food source and simultaneously brennerseitiger Abgasraum(11) of siphonseitigen Abgasraum(24) separated by Zwischenwand(14), formed with an Unterkante(21) in Flussigkeitsvorlage (13) fullbares Druckdampfungsbecken (23 years old) from this time on, in a plane above the gas gefulltem Druckdampfungsbecken (23 years old) (19 years old, Flussigkeitsvorlage) 22)(13) between brennerseitigem Abgasraum(11) and siphonseitigem Abgasraum(24) were replaced except for opening the Zwischenwand(15)(14) from the surface (19) Flussigkeitsvorlage, 22)(13) Assembly Querschnittsflache than a free narrowing Querschnittsflache lower than Unterkante (21) Zwischenwand Flussigkeitsvorlage (14)(13) in Druckdampfungsbecken (23). The invention enables the heater to minimize the use of delay points to cause sharp fluctuations in pressure, such as delayed detonation, to keep the heater away from the Siphon with buoyancy and sphincter, and to generate density between the exhaust chamber and the installation space, which is completely unlike the design and size.
