id-US20130174830A1    abstract-A fuel-fired condensing type air heating furnace is provided with an electronic condensate water level sensing system operative to sense improper outflow of condensate from a collector box portion of the furnace and responsively shut down or prevent operation of the furnace. Condensate probe portions of the system are oriented in a manner such that several air flow orientation of the furnace may be utilized without the necessity of relocating the probes or effecting an re-wiring of the water level sensing system.

id-WO2013110545A2    abstract-Abgaskanal and Frischluftansaugrohr v. related to the invention of heating containing a shunt; Or at least contain Membranmodul in the shunt. Make a pile of Abgases the bigger the Abgaskanal, break the Frischluftansaugrohr lead to Abgasruckfuhrung (EGR) or own and Abgasruckfuhrung (SEGR) and ultimately improve performance by ensuring fewer NO gases -Emission .
id-EP2634471A2    abstract-A condensing disk was invented to connect a pressurized vessel to a pressurized vessel. A connection that releases toxins from the top of one segment to another
id-US20180320928A1    abstract-A heater having a burner, a first heat exchanger associated with the burner, a second heat exchanger above the first heat exchanger in fluid cooperation with the first heat exchanger and an ambient air intake blower above the second heat exchanger. The second heat exchanger comprises angularly disposed finned section so condensate within the second heat exchanger flows to a collection point and is collected in a trap. The trap includes a sensor to sense buildup of fluid in the trap with feedback to the heater controls. The heater may include a collection pan below the heat exchangers in fluid communication with the trap. In one aspect the collection pan may include a heating element to vaporize the fluid so that heated, humidified air is expelled through vents adjacent the base of the heater. In another aspect, the pan includes an ultrasonic vaporization element to vaporize fluid in the pan.

id-EP2644993A3    abstract-A method and an arrangement are provided for transferring heat from flue gas into fluid. The flue gas is passed through a flue gas scrubber (205, 305) in which the flue gas is cooled with scrubbing liquid. The scrubbing liquid is circulated from the flue gas scrubber (205, 305) into a heat exchanger (210, 310) and back to the flue gas scrubber (205, 305). A first portion of the fluid is passed through the heat exchanger (210, 310) whereby heat from the scrubbing liquid is transferred into the first portion of the fluid. Before the first portion of the fluid is passed through the heat exchanger (210, 310), heat from the first portion of the fluid is transferred into a second portion of the fluid.

id-US20130263765A1    abstract-Pipe insulation, such as may be used to insulate the condensate pipe of a heating appliance such as condensing boiler, the pipe insulation comprising a flexible internal conduit surrounded by a flexible layer of insulation, in which the layer of insulation comprise fibers between which is trapped air. Typically, the insulation layer can comprise a silica nanoporous aerogel with reinforcing fibers.

id-US20150369518A1    abstract-A heater having a burner, a first heat exchanger associated with the burner, a second heat exchanger above the first heat exchanger in fluid cooperation with the first heat exchanger and an ambient air intake blower above the second heat exchanger. The second heat exchanger comprises angularly disposed finned section so condensate within the second heat exchanger flows to a collection point and is collected in a trap. The trap includes a sensor to sense buildup of fluid in the trap with feedback to the heater controls. The heater may include a collection pan below the heat exchangers in fluid communication with the trap. In one aspect the collection pan may include a heating element to vaporize the fluid so that heated, humidified air is expelled through vents adjacent the base of the heater. In another aspect, the pan includes an ultrasonic vaporization element to vaporize fluid in the pan.

id-JP5575184B2    abstract-

id-US9273873B1    abstract-Draft inducers ( 50,40 ) having hollow axis ( 73   a   ,73   b ), folding impellers ( 37   a ) or retractable propellers ( 37   b ) having limited presence in the flue path, external motor ( 47   a   , 47   b ) with sensors ( 33   a   , 33   b ), male connection ( 63   a   , 63   b ) and female connection ( 65   a   , 65   b ) ends for connecting with flue stack and other tandem modules.

id-US9353993B2    abstract-A heating mat for a condensate trap can include resistive traces which heat the mat. The mat can be adhered to the condensate trap, for example using pressure sensitive adhesive. A control thermostat monitors an ambient temperature and/or a temperature within the condensate trap. If a temperature is at or above a setpoint, the controller thermostat disables power to the resistive traces. If a temperature is below at or below a setpoint, the controller thermostat enables power to the resistive traces to heat the condensate trap and the condensate within the condensate trap. In an embodiment, the heating mat can operate at a voltage supplied by the furnace or from a power source external to the furnace.

id-US20150107537A1    abstract-A recovery system of waste heat from flue gas. The system includes a first heat exchanger and a second exchanger. The first heat exchanger includes a heat absorption section, a heat release section, and a first pipeline. The second heat exchanger includes a second pipeline including an inlet header and an outlet header. The system further includes a third pipeline. The first heat exchanger is disposed at a relatively high temperature side of a flue, the second heat exchanger is disposed at a relatively low temperature side of the flue, and the first heat exchanger and the second heat exchanger are connected by the third pipeline. The heat absorption section and the heat release section are connected by the first pipeline to form a circulation loop; the heat absorption section is disposed in the flue; the heat release section is disposed in the third pipeline.

id-JP2014047980A    abstract-[problem] regardless of whether the primary heat exchanger and the secondary heat exchanger are connected by bypass or not, the latent heat recovery type hot water supply device can be provided that can accurately detect abnormity such as can rock adhesion in the primary heat exchanger. A primary heat exchanger 1 and a secondary heat exchanger 2 with a heat transfer tube system for recovering sensible and latent heat successively from the combustion gas generated by burner 3, and a controller 4 that can calculate the heat exchange efficiency of the secondary heat exchanger 2. The control unit 4 determines whether the primary heat exchanger 1 is normal by comparing the heat exchange efficiency of the secondary heat exchanger with the specified threshold Th, and about the threshold Th The temperature of the water entering the secondary heat exchanger 2 is changed. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US9261292B2    abstract-A furnace having a first drain trap, a first drain outlet associated with the first drain trap, and a second drain outlet associated with the first drain trap, wherein the first drain outlet and the second drain outlet are located relative to the first drain trap so that gravity driven drainage of a liquid from the first drain trap is selectable between the first drain outlet and the second drain outlet in response to a rotation of the furnace.

id-US20170299221A1    abstract-A high efficiency downfired gas water heater is provided which has a tank for storing water to be heated, a combustion chamber extending downwardly through a top end of the tank, and a gas burner operative to create hot combustion products within the combustion chamber. At the bottom end of the tank is a transfer chamber coupled to an external discharge conduit and to a single pass heat exchanger, in the form of multiple flue tubes. extending vertically through the tank and connected to the combustion chamber. In one embodiment of the water heater the burner is a power burner which forces the combustion products sequentially through the combustion chamber, heat exchanger, transfer chamber and discharge conduit. In another embodiment of the water heater a draft inducer fan is used to draw the combustion products through this path from the combustion chamber.

id-US20150198384A1    abstract-A domestic boiler preheater includes a flue box having a combustion gas inlet to receive hot combustion gas from a boiler, and a combustion air inlet to receive air for combustion in a boiler. The preheater further includes a condenser having a mains cold water inlet and a mains water outlet arranged such that mains water flows through the condenser prior to being supplied to a boiler combustion chamber. The condenser further includes a central heating water return and a central heating water flow outlet arranged such that central heating water flows through the condenser prior to being supplied to the boiler combustion chamber. The condenser further includes connections that enable the condenser to be connected to preheated fluid supply pipework from a source of preheated fluid, the preheated fluid having fluid heated by heat from at least one of the combustion gas and a renewable energy source.

id-WO2014044204A1    abstract-The invention discloses a forced-finned straight tube double ring condensing heat exchanger, comprising a shell (3), a burner (6) arranged in the shell (3) and a plurality of finned straight pipes, the shell (3) is provided with a water inlet (12), a water outlet (11) and a smoke outlet (13), and the burner (6) is connected with an air and gas intake device. The burner (6) is located in the upper part of the shell (3), the burner (6) is arranged around a group of a plurality of fins of straight tubes closely arranged fin straight tube bundle (4), the burner (6) is provided with a group of a plurality of fins of straight tubes closely arranged exhaust pipe (16), exhaust pipe (16) through the exhaust port (13); The water inlet (12) is communicated with the straight fin pipe (17) forming a smoke exhaust pipe under the burner (6), the straight fin pipe (17) forming a smoke exhaust pipe under the burner (6) is communicated with the straight fin pipe around the burner (6), and the straight fin pipe around the burner (6) is communicated with the water outlet (11). The invention adopts the internally folded straight tube as the basic element of the forced-finned straight tube double ring condensing heat exchanger, which strengthens the heat exchange on the flue gas side and significantly improves the heat exchange efficiency.
id-US20180058718A1    abstract-A forced convection fin tube condensing heat exchanger for supplying heat includes a shell, burner and fin tubes bundle. The burner is at the top of the shell, circular fin tubes bundle installed around the burner tightly, circularly and coaxially. The flue channel which is formed by the shell and a row of fin tubes bundle is below the burner. The flue flows along the flue channel to flue outlet. There are front and rear water manifolds at the two ends of the fin tubes. Water baffles inside the rear water manifold divide the rear water manifold into water inlet and outlet areas. The water enters the small portion of circular fin tubes bundle from water inlet area, through the front water manifold, back to the water outlet area via the main portion of the circular fin tubes bundle. The use of bent fin tube to improves efficiency.

id-US9732984B2    abstract-The present invention becomes possible to employ a main microprocessor with a relatively lower number of input ports, whereby while maintaining the performance and function of a water heater, the cost of a control apparatus is cut down. Some of sensors, adapted for measurement of various parameters which are for use in operational control of the water heater and in need of immediate response, are connected to a main microprocessor  31 . The other sensors that are not in need of an immediate response, such as an ambient temperature sensor  36,  are connected only to a sub microprocessor  32  if the main microprocessor  31  does not have any extra analog signal input port. The sub microprocessor converts an analog signal from the sensor  36  which is connected only to the sub microprocessor into digital data. And the sub microprocessor transmits the digital data to the main microprocessor through communication therewith.

id-WO2014065479A1    abstract-본 condensation heat exchanger having a pile of invention is about, especially for the revenge of condensation heat eunuch blisters while connected to the water circulation collecting condensation latent heat blisters, also through the pile of condensation heat blisters by eunuch placed among distributed to the pressure applied and will guide you through the seamless flow of condensation heat exchanger having a pile of.
id-US20140102673A1    abstract-A heat exchanger is provided including a plurality of heat exchanger tubes. A first fluid flows through each heat exchanger tube and a second fluid flows around an exterior of each heat exchanger tube. A turbulator is disposed within at least one of the heat exchanger tubes. The turbulator extends at least a portion of the length of the heat exchanger tube. The turbulator includes a generally flat sheet of material having a plurality of integrally formed turbulence generating elements. The turbulence generating elements extend from a plane of the sheet of material into the first fluid flow. A disturbance is created in the first fluid flow adjacent each turbulence generating element.

id-EP2926059B1    abstract-

