id-EP2080961A3    abstract-The invention relates to Gliederheizkessel in particular to Brennwertheizkessel fully at least one vertical Kesselglied:(1) by Gusswerkstoff for gas or olgeblasebrennerfeuerung Between Warmeaustausch Heizgasen Kesselwasser,Brennkammer(2) in the upstream sector with Anschlussmoglichkeit or gas olgeblasebrenner Stromungskanalen (3) for Heizgase and Stromungskanalen for Kesselwasser available oberflachenvergroßernden Warmeleitelementen in Brennkammer(2)(3) and/or Heizflache Stromungskanalen with Stromungsweg (3) "Heizgase Heizflachen Brennkammer(2)" Abgasstutzen costs less and you have (4, 5)wasserseitige Kesselglieder:(1) The connection between the Vorlaufanschluss and the upper Nabe(4) and a Rucklaufanschluss in the lower Nabe(5). His responsibility lies behind the invention of a arthropod boiler, especially a flammable furnace. Designed to optimize its simple, inexpensive manufacturing means and stretching capabilities. The erfindungsgemaße Gliederheizkessel it is marked only lower and Abgas Kondenswassersammler (6) angeformt Brennkammer,(2) by ringformigen Wasserarm(9) builds, and the following Brennkammer(2), multiple vertical small (8) from the lower Nabe(5) to ringformigen Wasserarm(9) stress shot was the final decision to zwischeneinander vertical Stromungskanale for Heizgase training (3).
id-WO2009095944A2    abstract-The hot air unit heater comprises a combustion chamber, μ liquid or gas fuel burner, a flue gas-air heat exchanger in connection with the combustion chamber, a fan unit for causing a forced circulation of the air to be heated. The combustion chamber and the flue gas-air heat exchanger are arranged in parallel with respect to the flow direction of the air to be heated. Two separate and independent fan units are provided for causing a forced circulation of the air to be heated over the outer surface of said combustion chamber and over the outer surface of said flue gas-air heat exchanger, respectively.

id-EP2096372A3    abstract-For the invention of a heating, in particular Brennwertheizgerat full gas or olbrenner,Brennkammer:(1) which radial schraubenformig gewendelten's thermal energy is according to his ability, there is at least a gap (2) in the end of Heizgasen's thermal energy, once the Deckelelement content (3) is opened for the Brenners, the first Deckelelement(4) is used as the lock Brennkammer(1), the front and back are Ruck respectively laufanschlussstutzen (1315) and the radiation chamber (5) outside the tank have a follow-up mat (7) for the discharge pipe under the grain coat (6). The main purpose of this invention is to optimize the thermal replacement device of the electric heat engine, especially the thermal replacement device of the electric heat engine, in order to achieve the maximum proportion of the proportion and transfer the best heat as possible. A special feature of this invention is that one end of this tool is a shell (2), which is suitable for heating wastewater (9) to reduce chemical gas emissions, and is distributed to at least two canals (11,12).
id-EP2093502A2    abstract-The liquid diversion of the hot exhaust pipe (5) is related to the heat in the boiler (1) cycle, so after heating the liquid, the liquid circulation in the boiler may form a natural liquid circulation.
id-US8783334B2    abstract-The present invention relates to a heat exchanger for transmitting heat from a gaseous primary fluid to a liquid secondary fluid. In particular, the present invention relates to the thermal exchange means proper, the main feature of which is the use of a diverging tube sheet including a plurality of four-lobe cross-section tubes.

id-US7905202B2    abstract-A condensate trap for a condensing boiler has a generally hollow body for receiving condensate from a heat exchanger of the condensing boiler and for providing a path of flow for condensate out of the side of the boiler. The body of the condensate trap includes a condensate receiving end having an inlet, a condensate discharging end having an outlet, and an intermediate reversely-turned trap portion interconnecting the condensate receiving and discharging ends. The hollow body can be one-piece and molded of plastic. A level sensor can be mounted on or within the condensate receiving end of the body. In a preferred embodiment, the condensate receiving end includes a chamber with an opening, and the level sensor extends within the chamber and seals the opening. The condensate trap can also include an air vent located above the level sensor in communication with an air pressure sensor.

id-US8191512B2    abstract-A heat exchange apparatus of a high-load bottom-up-type condensing gas boiler is disclosed. In the gas boiler system having a ventilator attached to a lower part of a combustion chamber, the heat exchange apparatus structured in such a manner that a Venturi path for achieving a high-pressure and high-velocity flow of exhaust gas is mounted in an exhaust duct formed between a sensible heat exchanger in which first heat exchange is performed and a latent heat exchanger to which firstly heat-exchanged exhaust gas is flown, so that the sensible heat exchanger and the latent heat exchanger are perfectly independent from the exhaust gas after combustion. In addition, a curve-type exhaust guide and a V-guide are mounted to an upper part of the latent heat exchanger to guide a flow of the exhaust gas being firstly heat-exchanged and discharged from the sensible heat exchanger, such that condensed water generated during second heat exchange in the latent heat exchanger can be smoothly discharged and the thermal efficiency is enhanced.

id-EP2116777A2    abstract-Many dwellings use condensing boilers as their source of heating and domestic hot water because such boilers offer increased efficiency when compared to non-condensing boilers. The operation of a condensing boiler is well known and need not be described in detail here. However, by way of a reminder, a condensing boiler seeks to cool the gas produced from its burner portion to below the dew point such that water vapour in the heated gas starts to condense thereby giving up its latent heat of vaporisation. In practise this means seeking to cool the flue gas to below 58°C or thereabouts. The condensate, which still has a temperature of around 57°C or 58°C is then ducted along a drain path and expelled. The present invention relates to a condensate heat exchanger for use with a condensing boiler, characterised by a heat exchanger being placed in a condensate drain path for draining condensate from the boiler.

id-US8161918B2    abstract-A storage-type water heater includes a tank enclosing a volume of water, the tank having an upper portion and a lower portion, a chamber adjacent the lower portion of the tank and adapted to at least partially enclose a source of a heated fluid, and a helical tube heat exchanger at least partially enclosed within the tank and fluidly connected to the chamber. The helical tube directs the heated fluid from the lower portion to the upper portion of the tank and promotes heat exchange between the water in the tank and the heated fluid flowing therethrough.

id-WO2010024727A1    abstract-The invention is designed to heat water and can be used in thermal power engineering. The unit contains a heat exchanger with a hull filled with a heating liquid and a heat exchanger for the heated liquid located in the hull of the heat exchanger, boiler, combustion chamber installed with the formation of the boiler of the ring cavity, a spiral heat exchanger installed in the ring cavity and a water pump installed in the upper part of the boiler agrerata. The heat exchanger is installed under the boiler and connected to the spiral heat exchanger of the boiler. The water supply nozzle is placed in the through hole of the combustion chamber and directed tangentially to the body of the combustion chamber. Under the second option, a water vapour condenser and a water dispenser are installed in the upper part of the boiler body above the combustion chamber, with the possibility of draining the liquid coming out of it into the combustion chamber of the boiler. The water vapour condenser is made in the form of a closed hollow body, which is reduced to the bottom, communicating with the output of the circulation pump. The invention provides for increasing the efficiency of the installation, simplifying the design, manufacture and operation, reducing the weight, dimensions and cost of the installation and improving the environmental safety of the installation.
id-US20100116225A1    abstract-A dual chamber burner assembly is provided for use with a heater apparatus having dual combustion air premix blowers. The burner assembly includes first and second interior zones communicated with first and second foraminous outer wall portions. First and second fuel and air inlet passages are communicated with the first and second interior zones, respectively.

id-EP2177838A2    abstract-Take a Brennraum feuerndenolbrenner in Brennwertkessel and add a Primar-Warmetauscher to leave us with a Brennraum in Abgasweg Abgaskamin controls Sekundar-Warmetauscher Sekundar-Warmetauscher is the bond market Brennraum direct angeflanscht ", so Kompakt-Einheit framework in baulicher. Plywood inlay secondary heat exchange is carbon filled plastic (CFK). The second round of gas tanks shuttles through the bottom of the combustion chamber, narrower than the diameter of the flame tube. The second hot water bottle is a square "CFK" block, which is machined to build the incinerator and, when completed, the water and electricity pipes. CFK Group has at least one band on its craziest side with a premium water bag.
id-EP2175209B1    abstract-

id-EP2187137A2    abstract-About the invention of a Nachrustbausatz long for Gebaude -und/or Brauchwasserheizung full Gas- Wasser-Warmetauscher drill Anschlussstutzen The Gas-Wasser-Warmetauschers join a Heizkesselabgasausgang and the Abgasstutzen Warmetauschers join an Abgasleitung. According to the above design, the body can be made of cleaning equipment
id-EP2187143B1    abstract-

id-EP2187138A3    abstract-Regarding the invention of Heizkessels long and program management, this comprehensive large enterprise has an Abgas abgebenden Banna (3) retracting Abgas umstromten Primarwarmetauscher (1) and a nachgeschaltet day Abgas umstromten Sekundarwarmetauscher (2), where Sekundarwarmetauscher is mainly -- (1) and (2). After the invention of this invention, the pressure valve (5) for the secondary heat exchange device (2) is set on a recurrent shaft when the heating device (4) stops the combustion device (3).
