id-WO2018128888A1    abstract-A CIR train that is adapted to traverse a roadway of asphalt pavement in order to recycle and repair the asphalt pavement includes a milling machine for removing asphalt paving material from the roadway. The CIR train also includes an asphalt cement supply tank and a mechanism for dispensing asphalt cement onto asphalt paving material that has been removed from the roadway. A heater is in fluid communication with the asphalt cement supply tank and the mechanism for dispensing asphalt cement on the asphalt paving material that has been removed from the roadway. The heater is adapted to heat the asphalt cement from the asphalt cement supply tank prior to said asphalt cement being dispensed on the asphalt paving material that has been removed from the roadway.

id-US20180216849A1    abstract-A condensate neutralizer device for treating a condensate flow, the condensate neutralizer device includes a compartment adapted to receive condensate neutralizing materials therein, the compartment having an inlet end and an outlet end, a plurality of apertures disposed only on a bottom surface of each of the inlet end and the outlet end of the compartment. The compartment is configured to receive the condensate flow traversing upwardly through the plurality of apertures at the inlet end in a direction from the inlet end to the outlet end through the condensate neutralizing materials before allowing a treated flow of the condensate flow to traverse downwardly through the plurality of apertures at the outlet end to exit the compartment as an effluent.

id-US11137316B2    abstract-A structure for detecting a leak, wherein the structure is supported upon a supporting surface, the structure including a leak detector; and a bottom-facing surface comprising an inverted depression in which the leak detector is disposed, the inverted depression is configured to be suitable for inducing capillary actions in a liquid collected on the supporting surface, wherein when the inverted depression comes in contact with the liquid at its periphery, the liquid is drawn to the leak detector to be detected.

id-US10184690B2    abstract-A water heater with two non-condensing flues and a condensing flue(s) having a system to prevent condensation in the non-condensing flue(s). The downwardly extending first flue is connected by a 180 degree connector to an upwardly extending second flue. Between the non-condensing and the condensing flues is positioned a temperature sensor. A controller receives input from the temperature sensor and is connected to the burner to control the minimum power setting and duration so as to prevent the combustion gases from falling below a temperature at which water will condense at the temperature sensor so no condensation occurs in the first two flues. Burner power settings are minimized near a water tank setpoint to improve efficiency by increasing condensation.

id-EP3361179B1    abstract-

id-EP3622237B1    abstract-

id-JP2019011912A    abstract-[challenges] improve the contact between the combustion exhaust and the heat exchanger tube to improve the heat exchange efficiency. Solution: the folded part (4) formed in the middle of the heat exchange tube (2) used to heat the heat of the combustion exhaust (EG) in the heated fluid (water WR), and the folded part (6) from the beginning of the heat exchange tube to the folded part A tube part (6) from the returning part to the end of the heat exchange tube is provided (6) Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20180347856A1    abstract-In a heating heat-source apparatus having input circuits configured to receive pieces of mutually independent heating demand information, an abnormality related to an operation for setting one input circuit among the input circuits to a use state is detected and reported. Input circuits receive heating demand information. An operation part receives an operation for setting one input circuit of the input circuits to a use state. A CPU receives heating demand information transmitted from the input circuit in the use state while receiving specified information for specifying the input circuit in the use state from the operation part. Each piece of heating demand information is voltage information having a predetermined voltage range. The CPU reports an abnormality related to an operation for setting when voltage information transmitted from the input circuit in the use state deviate from a voltage range specified in the specified information.

id-WO2018225602A1    abstract-In A thermal storage system (1) equipped with multiple hydrogen storage alloy tanks (10) and (11) whose dissociation pressure characteristics with respect to the alloy temperature differ from each other, hydrogen storage alloy (A) in the first tank (10) to hydrogen storage alloy in the second tank (11) The first operation mode, in which hydrogen is transferred to gold (B) and hot water is produced by using the heat generated by the hydrogen storage reaction, and the second operation mode, in which hydrogen is transferred from hydrogen storage alloy (B) in the second tank (11) to hydrogen storage alloy (A) in the first tank (10). The second mode of operation is configured to be performed.
id-WO2018231098A1    abstract-Utility model refers to thermal power, in particular - to heating devices, in which wood fuel is subjected to high temperature gasification (pyrolysis). The objective for which the declared utility model is proposed is the sustainable and clean burning of wood fuel of natural (i.e. high) humidity. The technical result is that the device has introduced a vertically oriented additional gas passage through which the moisture contained in the fuel in the form of water vapour is transferred from the top of the fuel bunker to the flame torch in the combustion chamber, while 1 carbon monoxide gas mixed with water vapour is burned and does not enter the atmosphere.
id-US20190032960A1    abstract-In a heating and hot water supply apparatus, a heat exchanger for hot water supply includes a primary-side path and a secondary-side path. A bypass path branches from a heating circulation path and is configured such that a heat transfer medium heated by a heating device flows through the primary-side path without passing through a heating terminal when hot water supply operation is performed and then joins the heating circulation path again. A control unit controls a flow rate regulating valve so that a hot water flow rate does not exceed a reference limit flow rate when hot water supply operation is performed. The reference limit flow rate is set on the basis of the smaller one between a maximum heating capacity of the heating device and a heating capacity of the heating device at which an output temperature of the heated heat transfer medium reaches an upper limit temperature.

id-WO2019011741A1    abstract-A premix gas burner comprises a metal plate structure, a burner deck and a shaped distributor plate. The metal plate structure is provided for mounting the premix gas burner in a heating appliance. The burner deck comprises a woven wire mesh on the outer surface of which premix gas is combusted after the premix gas has flown through the woven wire mesh. The shaped distributor plate comprises perforations. When the burner is in use the premix gas flows through the perforations of the shaped distributor plate before the premix gas flows through the woven wire mesh. One or more than one slot or notch shaped opening is provided in the shaped distributor plate. The woven wire mesh comprises a circumferential edge comprising at least one tab. The tab or tabs is/are inserted through a slot or notch shaped opening in the shaped distributor plate.

id-EP3453984A1    abstract-A valve (1) for draining the condensate of a condensing boiler extends along an axis (A) and comprises a valve body (2); a first and a second pipe (3, 4) that protrude inside the valve body (2) on opposite sides of the valve body parallel to the axis (A); at least one shutter (5; 5, 6), which is arranged inside the valve body (2), is moveable with respect to the valve body (2) along the axis (A), and is configured to float in the condensate to allow the condensate to flow, and shut the free end of the first and the second pipe (3, 4) inside the valve body (2) when the condensate is not flowing.

id-US11204190B2    abstract-An evaporator with integrated heat recovery incorporates a vapor tube in a combustion chamber surrounded by a water jacket. The water jacket is in fluid communication with an exhaust gas heat exchanger. Coolant circulates in series or parallel first and second coolant flows through the exhaust gas heat exchanger to recover heat from exhaust gasses leaving the combustion chamber and through the water jacket surrounding the combustion chamber to recover heat not delivered to the operating fluid. The evaporator may incorporate a condenser within the housing and in fluid communication with the exhaust gas heat exchanger and/or water jacket. The evaporator may be divided to flow in parallel through the condenser the exhaust gas heat exchanger. The water jacket may be fluidly connected with one or the other of the condenser or the exhaust gas heat exchanger.

id-US20200340666A1    abstract-A burner box assembly according to aspects of the disclosure includes an outer cover, the outer cover having a sloped bottom face that directs condensation away from a heat-exchange tube, a heat-resistant liner having a plurality of panel members, the heat-resistant liner being disposed within the outer cover, a shield disposed between the heat-resistant liner and the sloped bottom face of the outer cover such that an air gap is formed between the shield and the sloped bottom face, and a tubular member abutting at least one of the plurality of panel members and disposed within the heat-exchange tube.

id-WO2019088777A1    abstract-A condensate water trap device according to the present invention is provided with an inlet wherein the condensate water is introduced, and an inner space for accommodating a neutralizing agent for neutralizing the upper condensed water inflow, and a condensate water channel wherein the neutralized condensate water is discharged from the upper inner space by the above neutralizing agent; And number condensation above to directly or indirectly through the aisle storage space to store the number of condensation and recall as prototype, open the number of condensation heat emission can be stored on recall and leakage, leakage, emi shielding can recall as the leakage hole of spherical ball containing eject wealth; included remind remind remind, ball, storage in condensation can be accommodated more critical level, As the above condensate water is separated from the above efflux by the buoyancy force acting on it, so that the above condensate water can be discharged through the above efflux, the neutralization of the condensate water can be achieved at the same time as it is discharged without exhaust gas efflux.
id-EP3705806A4    abstract-

