id-US20200263831A1    abstract-A system for better utilization of liquefied natural gas (LNG) on gasification of the liquid includes a gas power generation subsystem, a steam power generation subsystem, an energy storage subsystem, and a cooling subsystem. A gasification device of the gas power generation subsystem renders the LNG gaseous and collects cold energy generated during the gasification. The gas is supplied to the gas power generation device for generating electrical power and the cold energy is supplied to the steam power generation subsystem and the cold storage subsystem. Electrical power generated by the gas power generation subsystem and the steam power generation subsystem is supplied to the cooling subsystem, and the energy stored in the energy storage subsystem is also supplied to the cooling subsystem.

id-JP7179650B2    abstract-

id-US20200256327A1    abstract-A fluid pumping system may include an engine, an electric generator, an electrically driven pump, and a first electrical resistance heating element. The engine may drive the generator, and the generator may supply power to the electrically driven pump and the electrical resistance heating element. The first electrical resistance heating element may be positioned to apply heat to fluid pumped by the electrically driven pump.

id-EP3734027A1    abstract-The invention relates to a device (1) that generates electrical energy and a gas component when tiefkalt moves, covering a line (2) to tiefkalt verflussigte is also a wiederverdampfte gas cooking, a water pump in the extended area (3)(2) Warmekraftmaschine Warmekraftmaschine (4), (4) nachgeschaltetes Abhitzenutzungssystem(5),(2) led by an abzweigende and Warmekraftmaschine (4) mundende Zweigleitung(6), and a Fluidkreislauf (7) in fluid circulation (7), with the way the fluid swims in the water flow, The following composition: Also in Stromungsrichtung tiefkalt moves the gas in the pump (3) in this line (2) on the side of a concentrator (9), said to be Abhitzenutzungssystem(5) and an Entspannungsmaschine with angekoppeltem generator (10)(11), simultaneously beneficiating Machine side (9) issued a sincere unity, at least Warmekraftmaschine Entspannungsmaschine(10) or (4) formation. The invention also includes a suitable procedure that generates electrical energy and vaporizes refrigerated liquefied gas.
id-US20220260211A1    abstract-A device for recovering the refrigeration units of LNG (liquid natural gas) used as fuel in vehicles is disclosed. The device can include: a first heat exchanger placed on a tractor of the vehicle between a LNG tank and a LNG gasification and heating circuit, said LNG being sent to a motor of the vehicle; a second heat exchanger placed inside a refrigerated cabin of a trailer or semi-trailer of the vehicle; and a closed intermediate circuit, in which a heat transfer fluid flows, which includes an apparatus for moving the heat transfer fluid, systems for connecting and disconnecting the pipelines of the intermediate circuit which are installed on the tractor with/from the pipelines of the same intermediate circuit installed on the trailer or semi-trailer and apparatus for storing and re-integrating the heat transfer fluid in the intermediate circuit and for maintaining the heat transfer fluid at a certain pressure value in said intermediate circuit.

