id-WO2021157855A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a system and method for reigniting liquefied gas on a ship, which improves energy efficiency by reigniting liquefied gas, recovering cold heat to generate power. A vessel liquefied gas recirculation system according to the present invention, wherein the gasifier gasifies the liquefied gas by heat exchange with the first heat transfer medium; Trim heater which heats the rehydrated gas transferred from the above gasifier to the gas demand source by heat exchange with the second heat transfer medium to the temperature required by the above gas demand source; The first cycle circulating the phase I heat transfer medium; And includes a second cycle, which circulates the phase II heat transfer medium, and a first heat exchanger, which circulates the phase II heat transfer medium to be fed to the phase gasifier by the heat exchange with the heat source; And includes an expansion generator that generates power by expanding the vaporized first heat transfer medium in the phase 1 heat exchanger, and the phase 2 heat exchanger, which supplies the vaporized first heat transfer medium to the trim heater, by heat exchange with the heat source.
id-WO2021173657A1    abstract-A method of recondensing boil off gas includes receiving liquefied natural gas from a storage tank and increasing the pressure of the received liquefied natural gas to produce increased pressure liquefied natural gas. The method further includes receiving boil off gas from the storage tank at a gas inlet of an ejector, and receiving the increased pressure liquefied natural gas at a liquefied gas inlet of the ejector. The pressure of the increased pressure liquefied gas is used as a motive force to eject combined liquefied natural gas and boil off gas at a pressure greater than that of the boil off gas received at the gas inlet of the ejector. The method additionally includes increasing the pressure of the fluid ejected from the ejector to produce increased pressure ejected fluid.

id-WO2021230751A1    abstract-The disclosure relates to a boil-off gas (BOG) reliquefaction system comprising at least one liquefied natural gas (LNG) cargo tank (10), a BOG preheater (11), at least one BOG compressor (12) with a BOG compressor cooler (13), a BOG recondenser (14) with a refrigeration cycle, wherein the BOG reliquefaction system comprises a separate liquid circuit with circulation of a liquid phase heat transfer fluid (HTF) for preheating of BOG from the LNG cargo tank (10) before the BOG entering the BOG compressor (12), the separate liquid circuit comprising a liquid pump (15) configured to pump the HTF, the BOG preheater (11) configured for heat exchanging between the BOG and the HTF, the BOG recondenser (14) located downstream the BOG preheater (11), and a liq-uid trim heater (16) located downstream the BOG recondenser (14) configured for heat-ing the HTF. The disclosure further relates to a method for reliquefaction of boil-off gas (BOG) in a reliquefaction system and a method for operating a boil-off gas (BOG) reliquefaction system.

id-WO2021261683A1    abstract-The invention, a heat exchanger through which liquefied natural gas is passed and vaporized; Connected with the phase heat exchanger, the first supply line supplying seawater to the phase heat exchanger; The no. 1 discharge line where the effluent seawater from the above heat exchanger enters; Reservior from which seawater flows in and out; Installed in the above reserve, a heat source for heating seawater fed into the above reserve; Connecting the above no. 1 discharge line with the reserve, and the runoff line in which the seawater flowing through the above no. 1 discharge line is selectively supplied to the above reserve; And provide a seawater heat transfer system that includes a second discharge line where seawater is discharged into the sea from the above reserve.
id-US20230243472A1    abstract-The present invention provides a complex power generation facility including a first transfer unit that transfers liquefied natural gas; a first heat exchange apparatus that causes the liquefied natural gas supplied from the first transfer unit to exchange heat with seawater, vaporizes the liquefied natural gas into natural gas, heats the seawater into hot water, and discharges the hot water; a second heat exchange apparatus that selectively receives the hot water discharged from the first heat exchange apparatus and caused the natural gas passing through the first heat exchange apparatus to exchange heat with seawater and hot water; and a power generation unit that generates power as the natural gas supplied from the second heat exchange apparatus passes therethrough.

id-US11692508B2    abstract-The invention relates to a liquid air energy storage system. The storage system includes a cryocooler, a dewar, and a Sterling engine. The cryocooler cools a tip of a cold head to cryogenic temperatures, the cryocooler further includes a heat sink to reject heat from the cryocooler and a cold head that protrudes into a dewar through a cryocooler cavity, the cold head to condense ambient air to create liquified air in the dewar. The dewar holds the liquified air at low temperatures, the dewar having the cryocooler cavity and a Stirling cavity. The Stirling engine drives an electric generator, the Stirling engine further including a cold finger protruding into the dewar through the Stirling cavity, the cold finger to move the liquified air from the dewar to a Stirling heat sink; the Stirling heat sink to expand the liquified air; and the electric generator to generate output electricity.

id-WO2022044873A1    abstract-It is a cold heat recovery system installed on a ship or floating body with a liquefied gas storage device configured to store liquefied gas. Equipped with an air conditioning cycle, including an air conditioning evaporator, which is configured to cool the air by the cold energy of the heat medium, the cold heat recovery cycle and the air conditioning cycle flowing in the cold heat recovery cycle We share a heat exchanger that is configured to exchange heat between the heat medium and the heat medium for the air conditioning that flows through the air conditioning cycle.
id-WO2022058543A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a system for conditioning of liquid natural gas (LNG) in a LNG storage system, the system comprising at least one tank for storage of LNG, a circuit for LNG comprising a pump and a heat pump cooling system, where the circuit for sub cooled LNG is configured to be used as a cooling circuit for the heat pump cooling circuit, and where the circuit for LNG and the heat pump cooling circuit are connected through a first, second and third heat exchanger, the heat pump cooling circuit comprising a gas expansion device and a compressor.

id-US20220082092A1    abstract-A method for operating the liquid air energy storage (LAES) includes production of the storable liquid air through consumption of a low-demand power and recovery the liquid air for co-production of an on-demand power and a high-grade saleable cold thermal energy which may be used, say, for liquefaction of the delivered natural gas; in so doing zero carbon footprint is provided both for fueled augmentation of the LAES power output and for LNG co-production at the LAES facility.

id-WO2022069833A1    abstract-A gas supply system (1) to a high-pressure gas consuming apparatus (4) and a low pressure gas consuming apparatus (5) to a floating structure comprising a vessel (8) containing the gas, the supply system (1) comprising a first supply circuit (2) and a second supply circuit (3), characterized in that the supply system (1) includes a gas return line (14), The supply system (1) comprising a first heat exchanger (6) and a second heat exchanger (7) configured to exchange heat between the gas of the first supply circuit (2) and the gas circulating in the return line (14), the first supply circuit (2) comprising an additional pump (10).
id-JP2022071841A    abstract-[challenges] provision of methods and systems for forming compressed gas and distributing it to compressed gas receivers. [solution] compressed gas is formed from process fluid supplied at extremely low temperature. Form consists of pressurizing the process fluid and supplying the still cryogenic pressurized process fluid to the heat exchanger and delivering it to the reservoir at a temperature above cryogenic of the pressurized process fluid. With indirect heat exchange you can keep heating and, including. Once heated to a suitable temperature, the compressed gas can be distributed to a compressed gas receiver or stored in one or more compressed gas storage containers for later use. Selection diagram: figure 1
