id-US11300355B2    abstract-A boil-off gas supply device is provided with: a storage tank configured to store a liquefied gas; a first compression mechanism configured to suck in the boil-off gas of the liquefied gas stored in the storage tank and compress the sucked boil-off gas; a second compression mechanism configured to compress the boil-off gas after being compressed by the first compression mechanism; a discharge path in which the boil-off gas discharged from the second compression mechanism flows; a first drive source configured to drive the first compression mechanism; and a second drive source that is different from the first drive source and configured to drive the second compression mechanism.

id-US20190032852A1    abstract-A ship including a gas re-vaporizing system according to the present invention includes: a ship body; a vaporizer which is arranged in an upper portion of the ship body, and vaporizes liquefied gas and supplies the vaporized liquefied gas to a demander; and a heat source supply apparatus which is arranged inside the ship body and supplies a heat source to the vaporizer.

id-EP3196535A1    abstract-A system for obtaining helium that avoids boil off losses from the system. A combination of heat exchangers and a compressor are used to deliver helium at a temperature of 30°K and a pressure between 300 bar and 700 bar without significant boil off losses.

id-US20210129970A1    abstract-Disclosed is a re-liquefying device using a boil-off gas as a cooling fluid so as to reliquefy the boil-off gas generated from a liquefied gas storage tank provided in a ship. A boil-off gas re-liquefying device for a ship comprises: a multi-stage compression unit for compressing boil-off gas generated from a liquefied gas storage tank; a heat exchanger in which the boil-off gas generated from the storage tank and the boil-off gas compressed exchange heat; a vaporizer for heat exchanging the boil-off gas cooled by the heat exchanger and a separate liquefied gas supplied to a fuel demand source of a ship, and thus cooling the boil-off gas; an intermediate cooler for cooling the boil-off gas that has been cooled by the heat exchanger; and an expansion means for branching a part of the boil-off gas, which is supplied to the intermediate cooler, and expanding the same.

id-US20170261235A1    abstract-A system for cooling at least one electrical component of a machine. The machine is powered by a liquefied natural gas (LNG). The system includes at least one blower and at least one heat exchanger. The at least one blower is arranged to direct an air flow towards the at least one electrical component. The at least one heat exchanger is arranged upstream of the at least one electrical component. The at least one heat exchanger is using LNG as the coolant for cooling the air flow being directed towards the at least one electrical component.

id-JP6732946B2    abstract-

id-WO2017200388A1    abstract-A natural gas power plant arrangement, comprising a floating LNG storage (1) and a floating gas-to-electricity conversion power plant (4) configured to be moored in proximity to land. The floating gas-to-electricity conversion power plant (4) comprises at least one piston engine (5). The piston engine (5) is coupled to and drives an electric generator (7). The electric generator is coupled to a land-based electric grid (16). The floating gas-to-electricity conversion power plant (4) has a further LNG storage(6), which is fluidly coupled to said floating LNG storage (1). The arrangement also comprises an LNG export line(10) that is fluidly coupled to the further LNG storage (6). The export line (19) has a terminal end (27) on land.

id-JP2019516917A    abstract-The invention provides a leak-proof and heat-insulating tank, a heat exchanger for transferring cold temperature from the gas flow collected in the tank to the fluid to be cooled, and an opening formed in the wall of the tank during the tank loading operation. Gas phase gas is extracted from the tank through the inlet pipe that passes through the mouth and appears in the interior space of the tank, and it is transported through the first pipe to the manifold connected to the gas storage terminal. Inhalation during the tank operation Regarding the gas treatment process, which involves extracting the gas phase gas from the tank, through the mouth pipe, and transporting this to the heat exchanger through a second pipe, which is insulating and has a gas passage cross section smaller than that of the first pipe.
id-US10036510B2    abstract-An apparatus includes multiple tanks each configured to receive and store a liquid refrigerant under pressure. The apparatus also includes one or more insulated water jackets each configured to receive and retain water around at least part of an associated one of the tanks. The apparatus further includes at least one generator configured to receive a flow of the liquid refrigerant and to generate electrical power based on the flow of the liquid refrigerant. The apparatus also includes one or more first valves configured to control the flow of the liquid refrigerant between the tanks and through the at least one generator. In addition, the apparatus includes one or more second valves configured to control a flow of the water into and out of the one or more insulated water jackets.

id-US10635121B2    abstract-The present invention provides devices, machines, systems and methods for generating a desired humidity and temperature condition within a room.

id-EP3284998A1    abstract-The invention relates to the Warmeubertragereinrichtung :(1) to heat and/or evaporate kryogenen liquid (G) via indirect Warmetausch using animal venom Kaltetragermedium (K), while Warmeubertragereinrichtung :(1) First and second area (I 'i) symptoms, second aspect - I will be as soon as the opening (52). By this Kaltetragermedium (K) (I) einleitbar is the second aspect, and the second field will be an Auslass Kaltetragermedium (53)(K). The (I) field of (43), Kaltetragermedium (K) is in Stromungsverbindung (S), and one of the fields (I) is in Auslass(42). Through a full heart Kaltetragermedium (K) get the second and first person,(I 'i) from the first (I) field, bill, while Warmeubertragereinrichtung :(1) at least one line (30 years old). The training is used to guide the warming and/or evaporating frozen liquid (G) and includes at least one catheter (30), one catheter (41) to carry the frozen liquid (G), and another catheter (51) to release the warming and/or evaporating frozen liquid (G). Erfindungsgemaß provides that at least one line (30 years old) from the case (41 years old) shall first be led by the field (I), to the second department (I), so that at least one head (30 years old) of the human refrigerated liquid (G) fund (41 years old) is led by at least one supervisor (30 years old) in these proceedings and about A uslass(51)(30 years) will withdraw at least one guide the first layer is (I) direct current to coolant (K), the second layer is (I) upstream coolant (K).
id-JP2019531966A    abstract-[challenges] to provide a fuel gas supply system for ships. [solution] the ship's fuel gas supply system is a vaporizer that vaporizes liquefied natural gas and supplies it to the engine; The first heater, in which the coolant discharged after cooling the engine is heat-exchanged with the fluid to be used as the heat medium in the vaporizer, is used to heat the fluid to be used as the heat medium in the vaporizer; And a water generator that USES part or all of the heat source of the cooling water discharged from the engine and passed through the first heater to heat the seawater to obtain fresh water; The vaporizer vaporizes the liquefied natural gas by heat exchange between the fluid heated by the first heater and the liquefied natural gas. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20180112629A1    abstract-A submersible pumping system in a machine system includes a pumping element, and a drive mechanism for actuating the pumping element. The drive mechanism has an electromagnetic element with a superconducting state at or below a critical temperature. A temperature control jacket and cooling mechanism are provided to pump heat from a heat exchange cavity to cool the drive mechanism to or below a critical temperature less than an ambient temperature in a cryogenic environment.

