id-WO2014111295A1    abstract-Device (6,17) to Regasifizierung Flussigerdgas use the Verdampfer(10) when evaporating the Flussigerdgases and a nachgeschalteten compressor (15), the Flussigerdgas heater fixes the Betriebsdruck while putting the u on the isolation device (6,17) The berhitzer(11) consists of the overheated gas Flussigerdgases and the relaxed Expander(12, 18) the overheated Flussigerdgases, where the compressor (15) reduces the input to the work by the Expander(12).
id-US9045209B2    abstract-Systems and methods for storing energy in gaseous form in submerged thin-walled tanks are secured to the ocean or lake floor but are open to the water at the tank bottoms and are configured to be filled with gas while submerged.      A conduit operatively connected to the tanks provides flow from a surface source of an energy-containing gas to the tank interiors. Surface or subsurface pumping apparatus which may include piston-less pressure cylinders or have leveraged pistons provide a preselected flow rate of the energy-containing gas into the containment structure interior against a back pressure essentially equal to the static pressure of the body of water at the location of the tank to displace an equivalent volume of water through the open bottom. The conduit can be configured to allow heat transfer to vaporize liquefied gas prior to storage. Hydrogen gas can be generated and stored within the tank using Aluminum activated with Galinstan.

id-EP2808502A1    abstract-The invention belongs to a device stored in a liquefaction process gas (20). Through a refrigeration pump (22) and background filter (23a), the gas in the process can be evaporated and converted into mechanical energy by a turbine (24) into a generator (G1). The turbine unit has an innovative practice where the gas from the turbine (24) must be reheated once inside the burner (25) and then cooled through the turbine stage (26 stage) which is a procedure (g2). In the absence of a pressurizer, the turbine stage (26) can operate because the power from the turbine (24) still has enough pressure for the turbine stage to operate. The gas is compressed into the gas turbine and the mechanical loss can be carefully preserved. In power plants, excess energy can be stored from renewable electricity (20) and the excess power can be disposed of when needed according to innovative methods.
id-US10584830B2    abstract-An apparatus, system and method for capture, utilization and sendout of latent heat in boil off gas (“BOG”) onboard a cryogenic storage vessel is described. A liquefied gas vessel comprises a cryogenic cargo tank onboard a liquefied gas vessel, the cargo tank comprising a liquefied gas and a BOG, a latent heat exchanger fluidly coupled to a stream of the liquefied gas and a stream of the BOG, wherein the latent heat exchanger transfers a heat between the BOG stream and the liquefied gas stream to produce a condensed BOG, means for combining the condensed BOG and the liquefied gas stream to obtain a combined stream, the means for combining the condensed BOG and the liquefied gas stream fluidly coupled to the latent heat exchanger, and a liquefied gas regasifier onboard the vessel and fluidly coupled to the combined stream, wherein the liquefied gas regasifier regasifies the combined stream.

id-EP3044527B1    abstract-

id-US20150184617A1    abstract-A system for supplying fuel to an engine of a ship. The system includes a high pressure pump pressurizing a liquefied natural gas (LNG) and supplying the pressurized LNG to the engine, a hydraulic motor driving the high pressure pump and a chamber carrying the high pressure pump and the hydraulic motor. The chamber is substantially free of electric sparks.

id-JP6348606B2    abstract-

id-WO2015067841A1    abstract-A fuel storage and distribution system for a gas-fuelled sea-going vessel com- prises a tank room that constitutes a gastight space enclosing tank connec- tions and valves associated with them. A part of a refrigeration or air condition- ing circuit reaches into said tank room. A first local heat transfer circuit is con- figured to receive heat from said part of the refrigeration or air conditioning cir- cuit in said tank room and arranged to transfer such received heat to liquefied gas fuel handled in said fuel storage and distribution system.

id-EP3066711B1    abstract-

id-WO2015067840A1    abstract-A fuel storage and distribution system for a sea-going vessel comprises a gas tank for storing liquefied gas fuel. A heating element is provided for heating said gas fuel while it is inside said gas tank. Said heating element comprises an upper part and a lower part, of which said upper part is located within an upper portion of said gas tank and said lower part is located within a lower portion of said gas tank.

