id-WO2022157446A1    abstract-A supply system (1) to a high-pressure gas consuming apparatus (4) and a low pressure gas consuming apparatus (5) to a floating structure, the supply system (1) comprising a first supply circuit (2) to the high-pressure gas consuming apparatus (4) and a second supply circuit (3) to the low pressure gas consuming apparatus (5), a return line (14), A first heat exchanger (6) and a second heat exchanger (7) operating a heat exchange between the gas of the first supply circuit (2) and the gas circulating in the return line (14), characterized in that the first supply circuit (2) comprises a main track (40) and a by-pass track (41) of a portion (50) of the main track (40).
id-WO2022203600A1    abstract-Disclosed herein is a natural gas liquids (NGL) extraction process utilising cold energy recovered from a supplemental liquid natural gas (LNG) feed, and an apparatus and system for the process. The process comprises separating NGL from a rich LNG feed to provide a lean LNG stream and a NGL stream; and performing a first thermal exchange between the lean LNG stream and the supplemental LNG feed in a supplemental heat exchanger, wherein the lean LNG stream is cooled and the supplemental LNG feed is heated, wherein the supplemental LNG feed is distinct from the rich LNG feed. The apparatus and system each comprises a supplemental heat exchanger and a distillation column configured to perform the process.

id-US20220290816A1    abstract-A vaporization system and control method are provided. Liquid cryogen is provided to first ambient air vaporizer (AAV) units. When an output superheated vapor temperature is less than a threshold, the liquid cryogen is provided to second AAV units. When greater than or equal to the threshold, it is determined whether the second AAV units are defrosted. When defrosted, the liquid cryogen is provided to the second AAV units. When not defrosted, it is determined whether ice has formed on the first AAV units. When not formed, it is again determined whether the superheated vapor temperature is less than the threshold. When formed, it is determined whether a current ambient condition is favorable to defrosting the second AAV units. When not favorable, the liquid cryogen is provided to the second bank of AAV units. When favorable, it is again determined whether the superheated vapor temperature is less than the threshold.

id-WO2022208003A1    abstract-A method of supplying gas to a gas-consuming apparatus (101) equipping a vessel comprising a vessel (200) containing the gas in the liquid and gaseous state, the method comprising at least: - a step to supply the gas consuming apparatus (101) from gas taken in the gaseous state from the vessel (200) and by means of a supply unit (110), - a step for condensing at least a portion of the gas taken in the gaseous state in the tank (200) by means of a condensing unit (120) comprising at least one heat exchanger (121) configured to exchange heat between gas taken from the supply unit (110) to the gas consuming apparatus (101) and gas circulating between the tank (200) and the supply unit (110), Process characterized in that it includes a cooling step of the heat exchanger (121), this cooling step being carried out prior to the condensation step and at least part simultaneously with the feeding step.
id-WO2022191121A1    abstract-The cold heat recovery system consists of the first heat exchanger configured to vaporise the liquefied gas, the liquefied gas supply line to supply the liquefied gas from the liquefied gas storage unit to the first heat exchanger, and the cold heat exchanged with the liquefied gas in the first heat exchanger. A cold heat recovery cycle is a cold heat recovery cycle configured to circulate the heat medium for heat. The cold heat recovery cycle includes a cold heat turbine configured to be driven by the heat medium for heat, and the first heat exchange between the cold heat turbine and the cold heat recovery cycle. A second heat exchanger is configured to conduct heat exchange between the cold heat medium flowing between the cold heat recovery system and the external water introduced from the outside of the cold heat recovery system.
id-EP4075048A1    abstract-A fluid storage and delivery device comprising a cryogenic liquefied fluid storage tank (2) of the double-walled vacuum insulated type comprising an internal shell (22) delimiting the fluid storage volume and an external shell (32) disposed around the internal shell (22) with a vacuum thermal insulation spacing (42) between the two shells, a pull-out circuit comprising a pull-out line (3), The discharge line (3) comprising a first heat exchanger (4) located outside the inner casing (22) and a second heat exchanger (5) located inside the inner casing (22), The discharge circuit comprising a valve assembly (6) configured to passa flow of fluid from the first (13) end to the second (23) end through the first heat exchanger (4) and then through the second heat exchanger (5) or through the first heat exchanger (4) without passing through the second heat exchanger (5), The inlet of the first heat exchanger (4) receiving the fluid flow from the first (13) end of the discharge line (3) and being located in the vacuum thermal insulation spacing (42) between the two envelopes.
id-US11506342B1    abstract-A method and a precooling system are provided for precooling gaseous fuel supplied for fueling pressurized gaseous vehicle onboard storage tank systems. The precooling system is used in pressurized gaseous fueling stations with source fuels in cryogenic state, such as liquid hydrogen (LH2) and liquefied nature gas (LNG). A thermal buffer heat exchanger includes a heat exchanger medium, and a cold loop and a warm loop contained in the heat exchanger medium. A control unit is configured for controlling cryogenic fuel supplied to the cold loop for cooling the thermal buffer heat exchanger. The thermal buffer heat exchanger enables precooling high pressure gaseous fuel to a preset temperature supplied to a dispenser supplying high pressure gaseous fuel to refuel a vehicle onboard storage tank system.

id-WO2022234176A1    abstract-The fuel storage and supply system for a combustion device (3) comprises a first fuel tank (1) for storing a first fuel at a first temperature, a second fuel tank (2) for storing a second fuel at a second temperature, which second temperature is higher than the first temperature, a first fuel supply line (4) for supplying the first fuel to the combustion device (3), a second fuel supply line (5) for supplying the second fuel to the combustion device (3), and at least one heat exchanger (6, 7), which is configured to allow heat transfer from the second fuel to the first fuel.

id-WO2022268306A1    abstract-Invention relates to an arrangement (10) for managing temperature of liquefied gas fuel in a fuel tank of a marine vessel (14), the arrangement (10) comprising - a fuel tank (12), - a main fuel feed line (18) extending from bottom area (12') of the fuel tank (12) to a gas consumer (16), - a fuel transfer pump (22) arranged to the main fuel feed line (18), - a first thermoelectric heat exchanger (24) comprising a first heat exchange fluid flow path (24.1') and a second heat exchange fluid flow path (24.2'), and a num- ber of thermo electric generator cells (24.3) arranged in heat transfer communi- cation with both the first heat exchange fluid flow path (24.1') and the second heat exchanger fluid flow path, - the first heat exchange fluid flow path (24.1') being coupled to the main fuel feed line (18) downstream the fuel transfer pump (22), - a second fuel line (18') being coupled to the second heat exchange fluid flow path (24.2'), the second fuel line (18') being arranged to lead fuel to the tank (12) via the first thermoelectric heat exchanger (24).

id-US11549647B1    abstract-A flow control panel is configured to control a flow of fuel from a storage bank to a dispenser. The flow control panel includes input and output flow controllers, and input and output ports, each output port coupled to a respective dispenser port. Each output flow controller is coupled to a respective input port and a respective output port, and is configured to enable the flow of fuel from the input port and the output port. A processor is configured to control the input flow controllers and the output flow controllers. The processor is coupled to a memory storing instructions that when executed by the processor cause the processor to: receive a desired fuel pressure value from a dispenser; receive indications of fuel pressures within each of the storage banks; select a desired storage bank having the lowest fuel pressure among the storage banks that have fuel pressures greater than the desired fuel pressure; and activate a desired input port and a desired output port to enable fluid flow from the desired storage bank to the dispenser.

id-EP4119835A1    abstract-Method, comprising:a) providing a gas in a liquified state,b) guiding the gas provided in step a) through a first vaporizing means (4) such that the gas is partly evaporated,c) guiding a first fraction of the gas from the first vaporizing means (4) via a turbine (6) to a consumer process, and guiding a second fraction of the gas from the first vaporizing means (4) via a second vaporizing means (5) and the turbine (6) to the consumer process, wherein upon leaving the first vaporizing means (4) the second fraction comprises a greater percentage of the gas in the liquified state than the first fraction, and wherein the turbine (6) drives a generator (12) so as to generate electric energy.

id-EP4130543A1    abstract-Process and device for repeated delivery and discharge of the BOG (photo) The first compression (level 70) uses the bow at the first pressure of 1 between 8 and 18 barra, and then releases the first part of this gas. Weiterverdichten out the second phase of the gas molecule at the last step Kompressionsstufe (70b) double pressure p2≥120 bara; At least one partially cooled weiterverdichteten gas at the first night temperature between T1-20 °C and -100°C; From gas development to a third pressure p3, between 8 and 20 bala; The gas is then separated into the liquid stage, and then recycled into the gas phase by first compressing the gas that leaked in the first step, and then separating the gas back into the LNG tank (3).
id-WO2023059076A1    abstract-The invention vaporizes LNG into NG, and then decomparts NG into hydrogen (H2), carbon dioxide (CO2) and carbon monoxide (CO) through the gasification, LNG carrier heat (CDC using Carbon Dioxide Capture) from electrostatic precipitators liquefied form only selective Carbon Dioxide (co2) liquefied Carbon Dioxide (LCO2) and dry ice to manufacture Carbon neutral type 액화천연가스 featuring cold thermal energy, hydrogen and Carbon Dioxide into resources about the system and methods.
id-WO2023063616A1    abstract-본 invention according to the sun, using thermal energy as a heat source for managing system, the thermal energy of liquefied gas above medium to medium to deliver to remind liquefied gas and intermediate between media will be the first heat exchange by heat affected area 1 to 1 above, heat exchange medium recall made between medium and heat source will be the second heat exchange by heat affected area to type ii, And includes at least one heat medium storage unit internally storing the above first heat medium, and the above second heat exchange unit and at least one heat medium storage unit internally storing the above first heat medium are provided with a system placed in different paths.
id-WO2023063615A1    abstract-본 invention of work according to sun, heat as a heat source for managing system, using, storing liquefied gas and liquefied gas storage, the above of liquefied gas heat above medium to medium to deliver to remind liquefied gas and intermediate between media will be the first heat exchange by heat affected area, and to ensure the above no. 1 heat exchange reminds of medium storing media, A system containing a first medium storage unit capable of transitioning from a closed state to an open state or from an open state to a closed state is provided.
