id-JP6334004B2    abstract-

id-US20150219391A1    abstract-A method and apparatus for recovering boil-off gas from a head space of a liquid storage tank having a fluid contained therein is provided. The method can include the steps of withdrawing the boil-off gas from the storage tank and introducing said boil-off gas to a heat exchanger using a vapor flow inducer; cooling the boil-off gas in the heat exchanger by using cold energy from vaporization of liquid nitrogen to form a cooled fluid; and introducing the cooled fluid to the liquid storage tank, thereby reducing the temperature within the liquid storage tank.

id-US10480353B2    abstract-Various examples are provided for cryogenic power extraction. In one example, among others, a system for cryogenic power extraction includes a heat exchanger that can heat a cryogenic working fluid using exhaust heat from a heat source, and a turbine that can generate power from the heated cryogenic working fluid. In another example, a method includes heating a cryogenic working fluid with waste heat from a heat source and driving a turbine with the heated cryogenic working fluid. Power produced by the turbine can be used drive a mechanical load and/or generate electricity for use by an electrical load. For example, waste heat from a combustion engine of a vehicle can be used to generate power for driving mechanical loads of the engine and/or to generate electricity for charging a battery of the vehicle.

id-WO2015130193A1    abstract-﻿The invention relates to systems supplying ship consumers with gas fuel on carriers transporting LNG and using as main energy source the transported natural gas in liquefied state and, in particular, effective usage for these purposes of continuously generated gas due to natural evaporating of LNG in cargo tanks. The way is based on the continuous usage first of all of gas, generated in cargo tanks as the main energy source for power installations of an LNG carrier, compression of excess gas by the compressor, that can take place at low speeds of movement of a vessel or standing, its accumulation in high pressure tanks (200 bar and more) and further usage, when the consumption of gas exceeds its generation in cargo tanks.

id-WO2015126324A1    abstract-A cold energy recovery system comprising means for receiving a LNG storage tank; an ambient air vaporizer; the ambient air vaporizer operable to vaporize the LNG within the LNG storage tank using ambient air as a heat source; and a cold energy recovery mechanism, the cold energy recovery mechanism comprising a plurality of heat exchanges arranged to facilitate heat exchange between the ambient air and the LNG to achieve vaporization of the LNG and cooling of the ambient air for further use.

id-US20170016577A1    abstract-Liquid air energy storage (LAES) systems with increased efficiency and operating profit obtained through rational selection and configuration of the equipment used and optimization of the configuration/parameters of such equipment. In various embodiments, the LAES system is intended for operation preferably in an environmentally-friendly stand-alone regime with recovery of hot thermal energy extracted from compressed charging air and cold thermal energy extracted from discharged air.

id-EP3114418B1    abstract-

id-JP5958730B2    abstract-

id-US9951907B2    abstract-A cryogenic system to remove energy includes a heat engine to store content at a predetermined temperature; one or more fans to deliver air flow through the heat engine; a cryogenic storage unit to store cryogen and having one or more insulated pipes thermally coupled to the heat engine to cool the heat engine; one or more reuse pipes coupled to one or more insulated pipes to send a portion of cryogen gas flow back to the cryogenic storage for reuse; a controller to maintain the predetermined temperature; and an on-board power generator to supply operating power to the controller and the one or more fans.

id-US20180172209A1    abstract-This invention relates to a liquefied natural gas (LNG) regasification apparatus and method. More particularly, this invention relates to a single-compact LNG regasification apparatus that utilizes indirect heating means to build up pressure in a storage tank, vaporize LNG and superheat natural gas.

id-JP6923629B2    abstract-

id-US20160230931A1    abstract-A method for operating a hydrogen fueling station is described, wherein the latter exhibits at least at least one storage tank, which is used to store liquefied hydrogen, and in which boil-off gas at least occasionally accumulates, at least one cryogenic pump, which is used to compress the hydrogen to the desired dispensing pressure, at least one dispenser, through which the compressed hydrogen is dispensed, and lines that connect the aforementioned components. According to the invention, the boil-off gas that accumulates is at least partially used for cooling at least one component and/or line of the hydrogen fueling station and/or is at least partially catalytically combusted.

id-WO2016084765A1    abstract-Even when the temperature of the heat source fluid is low, the vaporization equipment for liquefied gas can be vaporized to produce gas above the predetermined temperature. The intermediate heat medium vaporizer (10) vaporizes the intermediate heat medium (LPG) through heat exchange between the heat source fluid (SW) and the intermediate heat medium (LPG), and the intermediate heat medium (PG) vaporizes by the intermediate heat medium vaporizer (10) is provided. G) and liquefied gas (LNG) to be vaporized are heat exchanged to condense intermediate heat medium (PG) and liquefied gas (LNG) to be vaporized is equipped with liquefied gas vaporizer (20), which vaporizes liquefied gas (LNG) to be vaporized. A liquefied gas vaporization device (30) is a vaporization device for liquefied gas, in which the intermediate heat medium (LPG) is returned to the vaporizer (10). It is set up.
