id-EP2236803A1    abstract-A waste heat utilization device for an internal combustion engine (2) comprising a cooling water circuit (4) including a radiator (12) for cooling cooling-water by means of outside air drawn to pass through the radiator, a Rankine cycle (6) including a first condenser (24) for condensing a refrigerant, and a refrigeration cycle (8) including a second condenser (36) for condensing a refrigerant, wherein the first and second condensers (24, 36) are water-cooled heat exchangers, and the waste heat utilization device includes a water circuit (44) including an air-cooled heat exchanger (46) for cooling water that has passed through the first and second condensers (24, 36), by means of outside air drawn to pass through the air-cooled heat exchanger, and a heat exchange unit composed of the air-cooled heat exchanger (46) and the radiator (12).

id-WO2009089894A2    abstract-Invention involves Verbrennungskraftmaschine: (1) the first shell (4) Warmeruckgewinnungsvorrichtung, at the same time in the fuselage Gehausekanal element (4) is the first in the factory Arbeitsmedium (a) durchstrombar stable, a Warmeubergang shell where the first Arbeitsmedium(A) is feasible, while the former Warmeruckgewinnungsvorrichtung first Expansionsvorrichtung (5) The first capacitor is the first capacitor (6), the first capacitor (5), the first capacitor (6), the first capacitor (3) and the component channel. According to Design 8) it is planned to send the first dose of material (A) and/or another medium (tnt) from a heat source configured in the internal combustion engine charger (1).
id-US9371732B2    abstract-An internal combustion engine includes a chamber and inlet valving operable to admit constituents of a combustible mixture into the chamber for combustion therein to provide a pressure increase in the chamber. First input valving admits a liquid into the chamber and a control system controls the first input valving such that the liquid is admitted to the chamber to compress at least one constituent of the combustible mixture. Outlet valving releases an outflow of the liquid from the chamber under an influence of the pressure increase as an energy output of the chamber. Second input valving selectively admits a heated aqueous fluid into a region of the chamber in which combustion of the combustible mixture occurs to promote a hydrogen separation process in the chamber to provide hydrogen that is combusted in the chamber. A supply system supplies the heated aqueous fluid to the second input valving.

id-EP2249017B1    abstract-

id-US8169092B2    abstract-In a cogeneration system having a generator adapted to be connectable to an AC power feed line between a commercial power network and an electrical load, an internal combustion engine for driving the generator such that exhaust heat of the engine is supplied to a thermal load and an actuator that opens and closes a throttle valve of the engine, there are provided a power demand detector that detects power demand of the electrical load, a thermal demand detector that detects thermal demand of the thermal load. The operation of the actuator is controlled in response to the detected power demand so as to increase or decrease the engine, and ignition timing of the engine is controlled in a retard direction in response to the detected thermal demand.

id-US20120256419A1    abstract-The invention is directed to a combination heater and electrical generator designed to allow continual use of the heating system in the absence of an external source of electricity. The system shares fuel and electrical inputs and also shares exhaust outputs so to facilitate ease of use installation as well as affording a small installation footprint.

id-US20130219870A1    abstract-A technique is described including receiving a hydrocarbon stream, and heating the hydrocarbon stream with an exhaust steam from an internal combustion engine. This technique may include reacting the hydrocarbon stream catalytically to produce hydrogen and a modified hydrocarbon stream having a lower saturation state than the hydrocarbon stream, recovering energy from the hydrogen stream, and/or providing the modified hydrocarbon stream to a fuel supply for the internal combustion engine.

id-US8776517B2    abstract-The disclosure provides a system including a Rankine power cycle cooling subsystem providing emissions-critical charge cooling of an input charge flow. The system includes a boiler fluidly coupled to the input charge flow, an energy conversion device fluidly coupled to the boiler, a condenser fluidly coupled to the energy conversion device, a pump fluidly coupled to the condenser and the boiler, an adjuster that adjusts at least one parameter of the Rankine power cycle subsystem to change a temperature of the input charge exiting the boiler, and a sensor adapted to sense a temperature characteristic of the vaporized input charge. The system includes a controller that can determine a target temperature of the input charge sufficient to meet or exceed predetermined target emissions and cause the adjuster to adjust at least one parameter of the Rankine power cycle to achieve the predetermined target emissions.

id-US8567193B2    abstract-The present invention provides a waste heat recovering device capable of recovering waste heat with good efficiency from various heat sources in an internal combustion engine. The waste heat recovering device for driving an expander  14  by evaporating a working fluid by waste heat of an internal combustion engine  11  includes: a working fluid circulation flow path  15  in which the working fluid of the expander  14  is caused to circulate; a high-temperature heat exchanger  12  for heating the working fluid flowing in the working fluid circulation flow path  15  by a high-temperature fluid such as exhaust gas of the internal combustion engine  11 ; a low-temperature heat exchanger group  16  having, for each of low-temperature fluids such as cooling water and oil of the internal combustion engine  11 , a low-temperature heat exchanger  13   a,    13   b  for heating the working fluid flowing in the working fluid circulation flow path  15  by any one of the low-temperature fluids, the low-temperature heat exchangers  13   a,    13   b  being disposed in parallel with each other; a flow rate control valve  17  that controls a flow rate of the working fluid flowing into each low-temperature heat exchanger  13   a,    13   b  of the low-temperature heat exchanger group  16 ; and control means  18  for controlling the flow rate control valve  17.

id-US8459027B2    abstract-Combustion engine comprising interconnected combustion cylinders ( 1, 2, 3, 4 ), comprising at least two sets of each two opposed working combustion cylinders ( 1, 2, 3, 4 ), said two cylinders of each set being interconnected by a common piston rod ( 5, 6 ), said two piston rods ( 5, 6 ) being connected by one balance arm ( 7 ), and the exploitable energy is taken from the kinetic energy of said balance arm ( 7 ).

id-EP2098696B9    abstract-

id-US20090229595A1    abstract-An apparatus and method for recovering thermal energy from boiler stack exhaust gases and using the thermal energy in biomaterial processing. The apparatus and method include means to improve the boiler's operation and reduce emission of certain regulated compounds.

id-US20090235903A1    abstract-The present disclosure discloses an HCCI air intake system for HEV, wherein the air outlet of the compressor is simultaneously connected to a hot channel and a cold channel, the hot channel is connected to the cylinder of the HCCI gasoline engine via the electrical drive system, coolant heat exchanger, engine exhaust heat exchanger and a throttle valve, while the cold channel is directly connected to the cylinder of the HCCI gasoline engine via another throttle valve. The hot channel is provided with at least one bypass valve for discharging air. The present disclosure makes the best use of the features of the electrical drive system and the HCCI gasoline engine in the HEV to make them technically work with each other, and provides a united air circulation system to meet the need to cool down the electrical drive system while controlling the air intake temperature of the engine cylinder, thereby overcoming the difficulty in maintaining the temperature level caused by the fact that the HCCI gasoline engine in the HEV has to be shut down intermittently. The present disclosure, in combination with its controlling method, may decrease even further, with relatively lower cost, the mean gasoline consumption and exhaust discharge of vehicles.

id-US20090282827A1    abstract-In the present invention disclosed an speed booster gas saving device that recovers exhaust energy of internal combustion engine, wherein the exhaust force and the heat energy of exhaust gases that is wasted is utilized, to superheat a device to transform water instantly into steam energy upon injected inside in addition to the exhaust force to drive a rotor blades connected to the propeller shaft or to the differential gear, to increase the driving torque, power and speed of a moving vehicle in addition to the engine power to reduce fuel burning and emission of exhaust in the environment.

id-WO2009132289A2    abstract-A thermal energy recovery system The system includes a Stirling engine having a burner thermal energy output. Also, a superheater mechanism for heating the thermal energy output and an expansion engine coupled to a generator. The expansion engine concerts the thermal energy output from the burner to mechanical energy output. The generator converts mechanical energy output from the expansion engine to electrical energy output. The expansion engine may also includes vapor output. Some embodiments of the system further include a condenser for condensing the vapor output, a pump for pumping the vapor output and a boiler in fluid communication with the pump. The pump pumps the vapor output to the boiler.

id-EP2110634B1    abstract-

id-US20110041505A1    abstract-A waste heat utilization device ( 2 ) for an internal combustion engine ( 6 ) includes a heat medium circuit ( 8 ) through which a heat medium applied with waste heat from at least one of the engine and a heat source of the engine is circulated as the engine is operated, and a Rankine cycle circuit ( 4 ) through which a working fluid is circulated. The Rankine cycle circuit includes a heating unit ( 10, 12 ) for heating the working fluid by causing heat to transfer to the working fluid from at least one of the heat medium and the heat source, an expander ( 14 ) for expanding the working fluid introduced therein from the heating unit to produce driving force, and a condenser ( 16 ) for condensing the working fluid introduced therein from the expander. The working fluid is delivered from the condenser to the heating unit. The flow rate of at least one of the heat medium and the heat source that transfer heat to the working fluid in the heating unit is controlled in accordance with an operating condition of the engine.

id-US20090255243A1    abstract-In a commercial vehicle with an internal combustion engine, a muffler in the exhaust gas system, and a heat recovery system, including a medium-containing circuit having at least one pump, an evaporator, an expander, and a condenser, the evaporator present in the medium-containing circuit of the heat recovery system is placed so that the evaporator is integrated into the muffler, where it either is installed in the tailpipe or partially replaces it, or is attached externally to the muffler, and an end section of the tailpipe, or is integrated into the tailpipe, which extends from the muffler and proceeds vertically upward behind the driver's cab, the evaporator being either installed in the tailpipe or partially replacing it, or is integrated into a muffler, which is installed in an exhaust pipe proceeding vertically upward behind the driver's cab.

id-WO2009133619A1    abstract-In the waste heat utilization unit (2) of the internal combustion engine (6), a cooling water circuit (8) with a radiator (26) to cool the cooling water, an evaporator (8) and a heat exchanger (12) form a heat exchange region, and an expander (14) and a condenser (16) form energy The Rankine cycle circuit (4) is switched to a bypass path (4c,4e) and a bypass path (4c,4e) that bypasses the energy generation region (56). Thus, a channel switching device forms a heat pipe path (54), in which the working fluid heated by the heat exchanger (12) flows into the evaporator (8) and the cooling water is heated by the working fluid.
id-JP2009250139A    abstract-[challenges] to provide an engine waste heat recovery system that can be activated immediately when the engine is restarted. [solution] the engine waste heat recovery system (1) is configured so that the energy recovery unit (34) recovers the energy of the steam of the working fluid heated by the waste heat of the engine (2). The engine waste heat recovery system (1) consists of a working fluid capacitor (35a) that condenses the steam from the energy recovery unit (34) and a cooler (35b, which can cool the working fluid capacitor (35a) when the engine (2) is stopped. 35c). This ensures the condensation performance of the working fluid vapor by the working fluid capacitor (35a) even when the engine (2) is stopped. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US8407998B2    abstract-A waste heat recovery system for use with an engine. The waste heat recovery system receives heat input from both an exhaust gas recovery system and exhaust gas streams. The system includes a first loop and a second loop. The first loop is configured to receive heat from both the exhaust gas recovery system and the exhaust system as necessary. The second loop receives heat from the first loop and the exhaust gas recovery system. The second loop converts the heat energy into electrical energy through the use of a turbine.

id-US7958873B2    abstract-A system for reducing the temperature of waste heat from a waste heat source of a vehicle engine, including an open loop Brayton cycle having a cooler, a compressor, a turbine, and a shaft coupling the compressor to the turbine. Waste heat and compressed air from the compressor flow through the cooler, thereby transferring heat from the waste heat to the compressed air and lowering the temperature of the waste heat. The heated and compressed air is expanded across the turbine, to cause rotation of the shaft, thereby powering rotation of the compressor. Excess power beyond that necessary to drive the compressor may be drawn off through a generator which has its rotor mounted on the same shaft as the compressor and turbine.

id-US8247679B2    abstract-An apparatus for generating electrical power from the waste heat generated by an internal combustion engine includes a first pipe wall through which a heated medium flows, a thermoelectric generator disposed exteriorly to the inner pipe wall, and a second pipe wall disposed exteriorly to the thermoelectric generator. The first pipe wall and the second pipe wall form at least a partially double-walled pipe. The first pipe wall saves as a high-temperature source. The second pipe wall serves as a low-temperature source.

id-US8938946B2    abstract-An exhaust gas system for an internal combustion engine has a thermoelectric power generator with a hot side and a cold side. The hot side is arranged on the exhaust gas system and is heatable by exhaust gas of the internal combustion engine. A first heat exchanger having a first thermal conductivity is arranged between the hot side and the exhaust gas flow. At least a second thermoelectric power generator is arranged on the exhaust gas system and has a second heat exchanger with a thermal conductivity that is different from the first thermal conductivity. The arrangement of thermoelectric power generators can generate electric power over a significantly wider operating point range of the internal combustion engine.

id-US20090277400A1    abstract-An integrated expansion turbine/electrical generator assembly (collectively referred to as a “turbo-generator”) suitable for use in waste heat recovery and similar applications. The turbo-generator uses a common shaft mounting a one or more stage expansion turbine and a homopolar electrical generator. Magnetic levitating axial and thrust bearings are used to hold the common shaft in its proper position with a fixed housing. The magnetic bearings minimize frictional losses, allowing the common shaft to spin at a very high rotational velocity. Sensor rings continually monitor the common shaft's position. This information is used by control electronics to regulate the magnetic bearings in order to hold the rotating shaft's position. Electrical energy is extracted from the rotating shaft in the form of a direct current. Preferably integrated power-switching electronics are used to generate single or three-phase AC power, which can be phase-matched to an existing power grid or other application.

id-EP2307693B1    abstract-

id-WO2009146504A1    abstract-A disinfection apparatus (110) for the heat treatment of fluids. The disinfection apparatus (110) features an elongate conduit (112) with a first cell (114) and a second cell (116). The first cell (114) is joined to the second cell (116) by a joint (118) to form the first loop of a serpentine or sinuate elongate conduit (112) which may have similar repeating cells and joints. A heater (124) is attached to a wall of the first cell (114). The heater (124) may be used to heat the fluid within the elongate conduit (112) to a sufficient temperature to disinfect the fluid/s whilst the fluid/s are within the elongate conduit (112). In order to reduce the amount of heating of the fluid/s within elongate conduit (112) a pre-heater (126) in the form of a heat exchanger may be used at the inlet conduit (120) and outlet conduit (122).

id-US8132422B2    abstract-A cogeneration system includes a coolant circuit through which a coolant is circulated for conducting a heat exchange with an exhaust heat generated by a power generation unit, a buffer tank provided at the coolant circuit and storing the coolant, a heating circuit including a heating power source and a heating terminal, the heating power source generating a heating water that is circulated to be supplied to the heating terminal, a heating water bypass circuit bypassing a flow passage of the heating circuit at a portion between an exit of the heating terminal and the heating power source, and a heat exchanging device performing a heat exchange between the heating water flowing through the heating water bypass circuit and the coolant.

id-WO2009156786A1    abstract-A unitary, hybrid engine which includes an internal combustion engine which is used both for locomotive and heat generation externally of the cylinders of the combustion engine, wherein the generated heat is employed in conjunction with an evaporator to generate steam, which is then stored in an energy accumulator which retains the stored energy by way of a pressured water containment unit. The pressurized water containment unit accretes the energy and, upon attainment of a predetermined pressure and liquid level, the steam is transmitted to one or more of the cylinders of the unitary engine to provide the motive power to the unitary engine. The engine includes control systems to permit the sole use of steam during such times as may be required for environmental or pollution control requirements. The control systems may also selectively permit the use of steam in one or more of the cylinders of the engine simultaneously with the use of fossil fuel in others. The energy accumulation system may, alternatively, be employed to provide the motive power to an engine other than the one from which it has accreted the energy or may provide an energy source to an alternative power consumption device which does not result in the generation of motive power.

id-WO2010000285A1    abstract-Program management Devolve 11 Brennkraftmaschine convert thermischer Abgasenergie in mechanical performance at what temperature, from Abgasstrom 11 Brennkraftmaschine lacks vorverdichtete media heaters open in Gasturbinenprozesses on the side of the separator 22 and 23 The thermal energy between Gasturbine controls is propagated by 26 and triggered by one of the mechanical manifestations of Gasturbinenprozesses Arbeitsmaschine.
id-US20100006073A1    abstract-Most of the cars in today's market give a maximum of 30 to 40 miles per gallon and hybrid cars giving upto 50 miles per gallon. The efficiency of Internal Combustion Engines used for this purpose is very low, about 25%. The heat generated during the combustion of fuel is converted into work to drive the car is wasted to the atmosphere, as anti-freeze(Ethylene Glycol) is used to cool the engine and circulated through a radiator which transfers the heat to the atmosphere. The heat generated by combustion of fuel such as gasoline or diesel is converted into the work because of the pressure created by the combustion process. In this invention, the heat is recovered by pre-heating/pressurizing the fresh air used for the process of combustion. The temperature of the pre-heated fresh air used for combustion is increased to above 1400 degrees Fahrenheit by passing through a heat exchanger to recover heat from combustible gases.      Fresh air for combustion is heated to about 1400 degrees Fahrenheit. According to Thermodynamic Laws, by heating the air in a closed space with constant volume at room temperature to 1600 degrees F., the pressure is increased about to 50 psi. In order to have a higher pressure, the fresh air is first compressed upto 100 psi before passing through a heat exchanger. This will give the available working pressure of about 350 psi before injuction into the cylinders. Initially compressed, hot air is used to drive a set of cylinders. The high pressure hot air for combustion is released above 120 psi to burn in presence of fuel to drive the engine. Since the recovery of heat the efficiency is increased, An average car will give upto 4 times more mileage and hybrid cars will give 6 times more mileage between 100 and 200 miles per gallon.

id-EP2320058B1    abstract-

id-US20100043432A1    abstract-A closed loop vapor cycle generated by a special device formed by heat transfer and a vapor expander means it is utilized to convert waste heat from conventional power systems into additional thermodynamic work, thereby improving the overall power system efficiency. Superheated vapor (i.e. steam) is instantaneously produced inside special energy transfer means where waste heat is converted into fluid energy with desired thermodynamic properties. The superheated vapor is then converted into mechanical energy through special work-producing units (expanders), thereby returning a significant fraction of the energy contained in the waste heat to the power system.      When the power system under consideration is an internal combustion engine the energy contained in the exhaust gases (waste heat) is transferred back to the engine through one or more expanders directly or indirectly coupled with the engine load. The energy extracted from the waste heat can also be added back to the engine by means able to enhance the availability of oxygen (oxygenators) during the combustion. In this case, the engine also improves its dynamic response and reduces its production of toxic emissions. If the engine utilizes heavy fuels (i.e. diesel engines), this device completely eliminates the formation of the highly toxic particulate (black smoke), while significantly improving engine performance. The cost of the energy required to operate the device proposed in this invention is zero since it only recuperates and utilizes energy in the form of heat that is normally discharged into the environment.

id-US8381524B2    abstract-A piston and a reciprocating expansion engine with a piston having a piston head, a piston neck, and a piston shaft are described. The piston head has at least one groove which runs in a circumferential direction suitable for receiving a piston ring, and the piston shaft has a pin boss and, at its outer circumference, a guide surface which is suitable for guiding the piston along a cylinder inner wall. An outer diameter of the piston neck is smaller than an outer diameter of the piston head and/or of the piston shaft, and the length of the piston neck approximately corresponds to the travel of the piston in the installed state.

id-WO2010037358A1    abstract-The invention consists of an exhaust system that utilizes a high-speed refrigeration device combined with a luminescent surface, in which the parts of the thermal machine are only on one side at a lower temperature. Using a Warmekraftmaschine Pulsrohrenprinzip and after consisting of at least one Expander(2), cylinder and piston or film, and at least one fluidisch Expander(2) angekoppelten infrared heads consist of fluidischen Serienschaltung Kuhlers (.3 and 4), Pulsrohre Heizers(.7 and 8).(9 and 10), and a Regenerators(exist... 11 and 12) or 8). We can replace conventional generators.
id-JP2010065587A    abstract-[problem] we provide a waste heat utilization device that can make the rise of power at the start of the Rankine cycle easier and faster, and can appropriately control the Rankine cycle when the power transmission device is used as an engine. The Rankine cycle (4) connects the inlet valve (20) of the expander and the inlet valve (5b) between the outlet of the pump (12) and the inlet of the evaporator (6). A check valve (22) is inserted to prevent the working fluid from flowing backward from the evaporator (6) to the pump (12). The control hand closes the inlet valve (20) when the expander (8) stops and opens the inlet valve (20) when the expander (8) starts. Dance (18). Select diagram: figure 6
id-US20110167809A1    abstract-An engine arrangement including an internal combustion engine and an energy recovering system includes an exhaust line collecting exhaust gas from the engine,      a filter having an active portion inserted between two successive parts of the exhaust line, in order to hold the particles contained in the exhaust gas, and filter rotating means designed to rotate the filter so as to shift the active portion of the filter, a secondary line carrying intake air towards an area of said filter distinct from the active portion, according to a direction opposite from an exhaust gas flowing direction inside the filter, so as to sweep the particles away from the filter and release them downstream, inside the secondary line. The secondary line includes a first arrangement, located downstream from the filter, for burning the particles and thereby heating air flowing in the secondary line, and a second arrangement capable of recovering the heat into work.

id-WO2010035927A1    abstract-Agency (機 關) generated by the operation of the thermal energy can be used to retrieve, I) input fluid inflow to emit fluid intake and output leakage is a state of mind and recall, recall by passing the fluid energy input fluid or reminder type fluid is changing the status of energy with other forms of energy that converts institutions and remind, ii) connected to the inlet of institutions, In above institutions to circulating fluid entering reminded remind inlet tube and, iii), which supplies installed connected to the inlet of lowing influx into organs above that increase the transfer speed of fluid input fluid leakage of accelerators and remind, iv) institutions connected to save and recall, recall status changed output fluid in an institution outside of institutions circulation tubes leak leak and remind, v), mounted on Remind as a working fluid circulation output fluid heat exchanger for recover from remind and remind, vi) heat exchanger type fluid accelerator recall, and connect the output to gain heat from the fluid status changes above working fluid above the fluid supply accelerator-driven enter recovery of thermal energy recovery system involving the commencement.
id-US20100058759A1    abstract-For operating an internal combustion engine having a throttle situated in an exhaust line or exhaust return line, in which a heat engine is driven by a quantity of heat produced by the internal combustion engine, in a first non-heating operating mode of the internal combustion engine, a first setpoint value is preset, a first operating parameter that characterizes a temperature of the internal combustion engine is detected, a first triggering value is determined for the triggering of the at least one throttle as a function of the first setpoint value and the first operating parameter, the at least one throttle is triggered in accordance with the first triggering value, and the at least one heat engine is driven by the resulting quantity of heat.

id-EP2336537B1    abstract-

id-US20100083919A1    abstract-An engine assembly may include a first heat exchanger, a fluid supply system providing a fluid flow to the first heat exchanger, a fuel system, an engine block defining first and second cylinder bores, a first piston disposed within the first cylinder bore, and a second piston disposed within the second cylinder bore. The first cylinder bore may receive fuel from the fuel system for combustion therein to drive the first piston. The fluid flow may be pressurized within the first heat exchanger and the pressurized fluid may be provided to the second cylinder bore to drive the second piston.

id-EP2180171A1    abstract-The invention of a system, especially for one, or full Abgassystem(9) (1), especially with an Abgasruckfuhrung using an Arbeitsmedium Rankine-Kreislauf(2), relatively speaking,(9)Abgassystem thermisch Rankine cycle (2)koppelbar million, is Abgassystem(9): about the first Warmeubertrager (4, 5, 6) and at least the second Warmeubertrager (4, 5, 6)thermisch koppelbar is Rankine-Kreislauf (2).
id-WO2010049944A1    abstract-A hydrogen carburetor for generating hydrogen to run an internal combustion engine and method thereof are described. In one embodiment, the system includes a heat absorber tank coupled to said engine to absorb heat energy exhausted by the engine during runtime; a water tank to supply distilled water to said heat absorber tank, wherein the distilled water is heated up using the absorbed heat energy; a steam electrolysis chamber to split hydrogen and oxygen gases from the injected heated distilled water by porous electrolysis, wherein heated distilled water is injected when the temperature in the chamber rise to a threshold value; a temperature sensing controller coupled to said chamber to sense the temperature in the chamber; a hydrogen compressor connected to a porous anode element of said chamber to collect and compress the generated hydrogen; and a fuel storage tank to store the hydrogen gas and to supply the hydrogen to the internal combustion engine through an engine carburetor or a fuel injector or a fuel air mixer. In another embodiment, the method involved thereof is described.

id-WO2010037912A8    abstract-The subject of the present invention is a hybrid system comprising: (A) with at least three cylinders (c1, c2,c3, with pistons p1,p2,p3, The other forming a so-called external combustion engine (B) at least three cylinders (c4,c5,c6) with pistons (p4,p5p6) driven by the expansion of an active fluid, the said motorised hybrid system being thus formed of at least three cylinder/piston couples, it being specified that the internal combustion engine 'operates according to a 4-stroke cycle while the external combustion engine B operates according to a 2-stroke cycle, the said engine B has no valves or valves, The pistons' p1p2,p3 etc of the internal combustion engine A and the at least three pistons' p4,p5, p6 etc being arranged in such A way that the energy resulting from the successive expansion of the active fluid in the at least three cylinders (c4,c5,c6) of said external combustion engine 'b) act successively on said pistons of said four-stroke internal combustion engine A during the compression and exhaust phases. This technical solution allows to recover part of the thermal energy evacuated by the combustion gases of the internal combustion engine to transform it into mechanical energy at the external combustion engine.
id-JP5661044B2    abstract-

id-US8584460B2    abstract-A method and an arrangement are provided for reducing a NOx-content in the exhaust gas of an internal combustion engine in a vehicle. An exhaust gas recirculation supplies exhaust gas from the exhaust outlet to the intake of the internal combustion engine, and at least two energy absorbers are provided in series in the exhaust flow downstream of the exhaust outlet and absorb energy of the exhaust gas. The exhaust gas is overheated to a first temperature by driving the combustion engine in a range of rotational speed producing hot exhaust gas at the exhaust outlet. The first temperature is sufficient to drive the at least two energy absorbers. A temperature of the exhaust gas is established downstream of the at least two energy absorbers sufficient to remove NOx from the exhaust gas in the exhaust after treatment system with an efficiency of more than 80%.

