id-US10544753B2    abstract-Embodiments in accordance with the present disclosure provide systems and methods for a waste heat recovery and conversion. The waste heat recovery and conversion system includes a housing non-invasively mountable onto an engine. The waste heat recovery and conversion system also includes a power conversion unit (PCU) entirely within the housing. The PCU includes heat exchangers, an expander, an electrical power generator, and a fluid pump. The heat exchangers, the expander, the fluid pump, and the fluid reservoir form a thermodynamic loop that drives the electrical power generator using thermal energy from waste heat. Under various configurations the waste heat recovery and conversion system offer pollutant reduction features all together with fuel savings.

id-US20160201520A1    abstract-A vehicle has a vehicle system with a waste heat fluid. An expander, a condenser, a pump, and an evaporator are provided in sequential fluid communication in a thermodynamic cycle containing a working fluid. The evaporator is configured to transfer heat from the waste heat fluid to the working fluid. At least one valve adjacent to the pump is controlled to control fluid flow through at least one chamber to maintain a pressure of the fluid at a pump inlet at a threshold pressure above a saturated vapor pressure associated with a temperature at a condenser outlet when ambient temperature varies.

id-US20160218593A1    abstract-Renewable electricity, such as from solar or wind, powers a topping cycle utilizing combustion energy electricity generation, such that the electricity output of the system exceeds the combined standalone outputs. Renewable carbon, such as from biomass, can also power a similar topping cycle, having the same effect.

id-WO2016114683A1    abstract-The internal combustion engine operates on the following theoretical thermodynamic cycle: insulated compression, isokhoric heat transfer, insulated or isoobar expansion, adiabatic expansion, isobar or isokhoric heat transfer. The isokhoric heat supply is partially carried out using the heat of the exhaust gas in regenerator 6. Insulated compression shall be carried out in compressor 8 with internal cooling of the compressed air. Charge, fuel injection and working body expansion are carried out in the engine with opposition cylinders 1 and 2. The connecting cylinder pairs are axial displaced to accommodate the valves. The inlet cylinder piston moves forward to the outlet cylinder piston from the forward Angle. The working body, fuel injection and isokhoric combustion shall be carried out directly in the engine cylinders.
id-WO2016117220A1    abstract-The first temperature detection unit 46 is used to detect the first temperature of hot water in tank 17; the second temperature detection unit 45 is used to detect the second temperature of hot water above the first temperature detection unit 46. When the temperature is below the first lower limit possible, the flow state regulator 6, 7, 33, operates the cogeneration CG and circulates the heat medium between the cogeneration CG and the hot water storage 16. When the second temperature of boiler unit 1 is less than or equal to the second lower limit of which boiler unit 1 is allowed to increase the temperature, the boiler unit 1 is operated and the flow state regulators 6, 7, and so on so that the heat is circulated between boiler unit 1 and hot water storage unit 16. Operating 33 and 44, the first lower temperature is above the second lower temperature.
id-WO2016120377A1    abstract-The invention relates to how to identify an Undichtheit in the Warmeruckgewinnungssystem fuel einspritzenden Brennkraftmaschine,(1) Warmeruckgewinnungssystem (5) had at least one Arbeitsmediumkreis(6) obtained, especially flammable Arbeitsmedium with at least one EGR-Verdampfer(7) ), (8) water pump and at least one Expansionsmaschine. In the simplest way, the Warmeruckgewinnungssystems in Undichtheiten EGR-Verdampfer are timely and reliably considered to be defined as Betriebspunkt at the lowest level Brennkraftmaschine:(1) Preferably neutral, one in Schwellwert eingespritzte Kraftstoffmenge defines Brennkraftmaschine(1) as operating under the Betriebspunkt line and carries out a Leckagedetektion by calculating the actual concentration of the fuel pumped under this line and comparing it with the low concentration of the oil output from the fuel pump; When the low concentration starts downward, it will be found that there is leakage in the entire reflux extraction system (5).
id-WO2016117221A1    abstract-The exhaust heat recovery device 20 includes the first medium side inlet 21 from which the first medium flows in, the first medium side outlet 22 from which the first medium flows out, the first medium side inlet 23 from which the first medium flows in, the second medium side inlet 25 from which the second medium flows in, and the second heat from which the second medium flows out Exit 26 on the medium side, the second medium flow path 27 through which the second medium flows, the heat exchanger 28 for the heat exchange between the first and second medium, the expansion tank 29 arranged in the middle of the first medium flow path 23, and the bypass of the first medium flow path 28 A mixer for adjusting the ratio of the flow of the first heat medium at bypass flow 24 to the flow of the first heat medium at heat exchanger 28, so that the temperature of the first heat medium after the confluence approaches the predetermined temperature. It contains 34.
id-US20160208664A1    abstract-A system to generate pressurized air for hydro-excavation includes an exhaust silencer configured to hold water and an exhaust manifold disposed through the silencer, where the exhaust manifold is configured to be in fluid communication with an internal combustion engine in order to receive exhaust gases to heat the exhaust silencer. In addition, the system includes a steam turbine configured to be driven by steam generated in the exhaust silencer, a primary steam line secured proximate to an upper end of the silencer to connect to the steam turbine, and an air compressor driven by the steam turbine to generate pressurized air. A secondary steam line is in fluid communication with the primary steam line and the air compressor to generate a mixture of the steam and pressurized air for use in hydro-excavation. The system also includes a vacuum pump driven by the internal combustion engine, a suction hose configured to excavate materials using a vacuum pressure generated by the vacuum pump, a debris tank in fluid communication with the suction hose, and a nozzle configured to receive and discharge the mixture of the steam and pressurized air in order to break up soil.

id-WO2016117858A1    abstract-The invention relates to a deicing device using the exhaust heat of the vehicle, wherein a batch of inlet is connected to the exhaust pipe of the vehicle so that the exhaust heat generated from the exhaust heat of the vehicle is drawn in, and a diverging tube is set so that the outlet of the rudder faces the wheel side road of the vehicle; It is equipped with a thermal diffusion nozzle that spreads exhaust heat that is combined with the exit side of the branching pipe to the side of the road. Therefore, the exhaust heat from the exhaust pipe is sprayed to the ground on the wheel side of the vehicle through the diverging pipe, thus melting the snow or ice accumulated on the ground. Therefore, safety accidents are prevented because the surface can be thawed only by driving a vehicle without additional equipment, and no additional effort or expense is required to thaw the road.
id-US10480867B2    abstract-The Application relates to a combined heating power and cooling apparatus with energy storage for an active distribution network and its operating method. The apparatus is comprised of a generation apparatus, a generator, a waste heat recovering and absorbing heat pump, a high temperature flue gas-water heat exchanger, a medium temperature flue gas-water heat exchanger, a low temperature flue gas-water heat exchanger, an energy storing electric heat pump, a high temperature energy storing canister, a low temperature energy storing canister, a cooling tower, a number of circulating water pumps and a number of valves. The operating method changes the traditional operation modes of the system “determining electricity based on heat” and “determining electricity based on cooling”, causes the system to regulate power of the generated electricity on grid, participate in the regulation of grid load, solve the problem of a limited ability of generation peak regulation due to the inter-coupling of power generation, heat supply and cooling supply.

id-US9638136B2    abstract-A six stroke high thermal efficiency engine and a method for operating such an engine are disclosed. Oxygen or oxygen-enriched air is used as the oxidizer, heat is recovered from the two exhaust strokes, superheated steam is used in the second power stroke, and high levels of exhaust gas from stroke four are recirculated. Lean burn combustion is utilized to produce an oxygen rich exhaust which results in very low levels of particulates, unburned hydrocarbons, and carbon monoxide. Due to high thermal efficiency, carbon dioxide emissions are reduced per unit of power output. Use of oxygen or oxygen-enriched air as the oxidizer produces an exhaust containing very low levels of nitrogen oxides. The engine is insulated to conserve heat, resulting in reduced engine noise. An engine with high thermal efficiency, quiet operation, and low emissions is the result.

id-JP2016166605A    abstract-We propose a system and method to heat the makeup working fluid of the steam system by the waste heat of the engine fluid. Solution: a system 1 comprising engine 2 and a heat exchanger 3 coupled to engine 2 is provided. Engine 2 includes at least one of the compressor sections configured to compress engine fluid and gas, a lubricant path configured to circulate lubricant, or a coolant path configured to circulate coolant. Engine fluid includes at least one of the gas, lubricant, or coolant, and engine fluid is the heat source derived from one or more operations of engine 2. Heat exchanger 3 is configured to receive engine fluid from engine 2 and exchange heat between engine fluid and working fluid to produce heated and cooled engine fluid, where heat exchanger 3 steam condenses the heated working fluid. It is designed to be shipped out to tem 4. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20160222833A1    abstract-A number of variations include a product including system including a fluid circuit comprising a fluid, a pump, an expander, a power generation component, at least one heat exchanger, and a condenser, wherein the condenser is constructed and arranged to be mounted in the path of ram air on a vehicle; and an attachment for attaching at least the condenser to the vehicle in the path of ram air. In a number of variations, the system may include an Organic Rankine Cycle (ORC) system in a vehicle to convert waste heat energy to usable power where the condenser of the ORC system is housed within the fairing on the vehicle cabin roof to ensure placement within the path of ram air on the vehicle.

id-WO2016137537A1    abstract-A waste heat recovery system may include a pump, first and second heat exchangers, an expander, and a valve. The first heat exchanger receives working fluid from the pump. The expander receives working fluid from the first heat exchanger and includes an output shaft that is powered by the flow of working fluid through the expander. The second heat exchanger may include a first fluid path and a second fluid path that is shorter than the first fluid path. The valve controls fluid flow through the first and second fluid paths. A sensor may measure a parameter of the working fluid that indicates whether the working fluid is in a gaseous state, a liquid state or a mixture of gas and liquid. A control module in communication with the sensor may control a position of the valve based on a value of the parameter measured by the sensor.

id-US20160237887A1    abstract-An internal combustion engine system and method comprises an internal combustion engine adapted to be fueled by a diesel fuel and hydrogen gas, and to emit an exhaust of hot water and hot exhaust gas; a boiler for converting the exhausts from the internal combustion engine to steam; a steam engine adapted to receive the steam from the boiler; an electric generator powered by the steam engine and adapted to generate electric energy; a hydrogen generator powered by the electric generator and adapted to produce hydrogen gas; and conduit means for carrying the hydrogen gas to the internal combustion engine to fuel the engine for further operation; and means for reducing flow of diesel fuel to the internal combustion engine by about 30%, such that the engine runs on the hydrogen gas and the reduced diesel fuel, and the hot water and hot gas produced thereby flow to the boiler for continued operation of a cycle.

id-EP3059430B1    abstract-

id-US9757690B2    abstract-A reactor apparatus and method for removing and/or reducing NOx, CO, carbon particulates and hydrocarbons from exhaust gases produced by industrial processes includes a reactor including an inlet plenum, a reaction chamber, an outlet plenum, and a heat exchanger wherein gases exiting the reaction chamber heat gases entering the reaction chamber. EGR is drawn through a cooling heat exchanger with an injection blower and is delivered through control valves to the reaction chamber, the inlet plenum and to an add fuel mixing chamber whereby mixed fuel and EGR is delivered to the reaction chamber. A feedback controller controls the flow valves responsive to the temperatures in the reaction chamber entrance and the outlet plenum.

id-JP6639263B2    abstract-

id-EP3059429B1    abstract-

id-US9803584B2    abstract-A combined heat and power system includes a liquid-cooled internal combustion engine, an air-cooled alternator, an air-to-water heat exchanger, and a coolant-to water heat exchanger. The liquid-cooled internal combustion engine includes a liquid cooling system configured to cool the engine with coolant thereby heating the coolant. The air-cooled alternator is configured to be driven by the internal combustion engine to produce electricity. The alternator includes an air cooling system configured to cool the alternator thereby heating air. The air-to-water heat exchanger is configured to place heated air and water in a heat exchange relationship to preheat the water and cool the air. The coolant-to-water heat exchanger is configured to place heated coolant and preheated water from the air-to-water heat exchanger in a heat exchange relationship to further heat the water and cool the coolant. The coolant-to-water heat exchanger provides heated water to the housing water outlet.

id-US10087820B2    abstract-A turbocharger includes a cooling passage. The cooling passage extends along a diffuser surface. Fluid for cooling the diffuser surface flows through the cooling passage. The turbocharger includes a water jacket, which is arranged at a connection portion between a blow-by gas recirculation passage and an intake passage. Coolant for warming blow-by gas flows through the water jacket. The cooling passage communicates with the water jacket. Coolant that has been drawn into the cooling passage flows through the water jacket after flowing through the cooling passage.

id-JP7270004B2    abstract-

id-US10927713B2    abstract-An intake air cooling device includes a water supply line and a heat pump device. The water supply line is configured to send water to a waste heat recovery boiler which is configured to generate steam using heat of an exhaust gas from a gas turbine. The heat pump device is configured to transfer heat of air suctioned by the gas turbine to water flowing through the water supply line and thereby cool the air while heating the water.

id-US20160273435A1    abstract-An exhaust gas heat recovery system for a vehicle is configured to selectively distribute a fluid heated by engine exhaust to a first path for generating electricity and a second path for heating one or more powertrain components of the vehicle. A controller selects a distribution of the fluid to the first and second paths based on minimizing a fuel consumption of an engine. The controller further selects a distribution of fluid to the powertrain components to minimize fuel consumption. The controller distributes the fluid according to the selected distribution.

id-WO2016156046A1    abstract-A vehicle waste heat recovery system for recovering thermal energy from exhaust gases discharged from an engine (12) of the vehicle, the system comprising: a first flow path (16) including a first turbocharging unit (20); a second flow path (18) including a second turbocharging unit (24); a valve arrangement configured to control exhaust gas flow through the first flow path (16) and the second flow path (18) to open and close the first flow path (16) and the second flow path (18) independently of each other; sensing means arranged to provide a signal indicative of the engine load; and control means arranged to control the valve arrangement in response to the indicated engine load.

id-US10954887B2    abstract-An engine testing system comprises a rotary absorber that provides a variable resistance to an engine under test and heats coolant from a cold reservoir. A hot reservoir coupled to rotary absorber stores the heated coolant for later (or concurrent) use. Moreover, an organic Rankine cycle turbine-generator device is coupled to the hot reservoir, which converts heat from heated coolant into electrical power. A conditioning system is coupled to the organic Rankine cycle turbine-generator device that cools the coolant for storage in the cold reservoir. The available captured waste energy may be augmented with waste energy that is also available during engine testing. The additional waste energy may be in the form of exhaust gases, thrust, heat from engine coolant systems, residual engine heat, radiant or convective waste heat, friction etc. Variations of the above system may replace the primary energy re-capture from other than a rotary absorber.

id-EP3093456A1    abstract-Disclosed is a heat energy recovery system including: a heat energy recovery circuit that causes a working medium to circulate by means of a circulation pump to exchange heat with supercharged air from a supercharger via a first heater and exchange heat with steam from an exhaust-gas economizer via a second heater, in order to integrally drive a turbine and a generator; and a controller that performs stop control to stop the circulation pump based on the flow state of the steam in a first steam flow path that causes the steam to flow from the exhaust-gas economizer to a soot blower.

id-US20160305367A1    abstract-This disclosure generally relates to lightweight thermionic microengines for aerial vehicles. The aerial vehicles include a propulsion system. The propulsion system includes a combustor. The propulsion system further includes a thermionic generator that receives heat from the combustor and generates electricity. The propulsion system further includes one or more propulsion motors that receive the electricity generated by the thermionic generator. The propulsion motors may provide power to one or more propellers to generate lift and thrust for a UAV.

id-WO2016162118A1    abstract-The invention of the device (1) and a program Abwarmeruckgewinnung, or the full Arbeitskreislauf(2) only on the pump isolated (3) is the Arbeitsmediums Verdampfer (4) and a second Verdampfer (5). Arbeitsmediums components and an Expansionsmaschine(6) to relax the verdampften Arbeitsmediums. According to the execution form of the invention, a valve (7) is specified, that is, the first evaporant (4) and the second evaporant (5) are convertible between at least one row and one layer embedments within the range during the operation of the equipment. In another Ausfuhrungsform, the first Verdampfer(4) and the second Verdampfer(5) are connected to each other parallel to the power supply, Expansionsmaschine Verdampfer(4) and (6) are a Ruckschlagventil (9) order that will Arbeitsmedium just first Verdampfer(4)(6) in the order of Expansionsmaschine strombar. is
id-JP2016211517A    abstract-[challenges] to provide water recovery equipment that recovers water from exhaust gas including steam and makes effective use of water resources. The solution is connected to the combustion device 2000, which burns the fuel and discharging the exhaust gas containing water vapor, forming the exhaust gas pipe 200 and cooling the exhaust gas to generate water by condensing the steam in the exhaust gas. The water generation part 100 and the water receiving part 300 are arranged on the exhaust road to accommodate the water generated by the water generation part. The water generation part 100 absorbs heat from the exhaust gas pipe 200 and applies the heat to the working fluid to make it vibrate, so as to generate sound waves. The sound wave generator 100a is filled with the working fluid and transmits the sound wave through the vibration of the working fluid. The propagation sound wave is transmitted to the sound wave to generate cold heat and supply it to the exhaust gas pipe 200. The cooling and heat generation unit 100b is included. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-EP3093464A1    abstract-This invention uses the national motor vehicle heating system in carburetor No. 1 the story-telling machine is mounted on the carburetor in car No. 20 the liquid liquifying agent drowned in the container, then passed through the power container 21 times and burned in the cooling tube No. 1. Preferably this 1 contains several switches to form a unit.
id-EP3098556A1    abstract-The invention relates to a motor vehicle heat source system that performs a closed operation at a predetermined time, pretending to be an evaporant and a capacitor No. 2 to provide for the use of a backup power source to cool the atmosphere. There is a container 3 for the transfer tool between container 2 and evaporator 1. The test material is transferred from storage cabinet 3 to storage tube 1. In addition, storage tank 3 and carburetor 1 are connected via balance tube 21. The atmospheric pressure system 21 allows the use of motor vehicles using the motor vehicle heating system
id-US20160348551A1    abstract-This universal technology eternal zero carbon, thermal electric clean engines and gas turbines, with universal cryogenic eternal systems converting all gases in cryogenic working fluids, for solar/atmospheric and geo thermal energy eternal systems, is eliminating 100% all the fossil fuels from energy and universal mobility, variable power, with constant maximum compression pressure and constant maximum combustion pressure, resulting constant maximum efficiency in all the variable eternal power electric generation and universal mobility systems.

id-WO2016187429A1    abstract-A system for recovering energy from exhaust air and controlling intake air includes a power plant, a compressor, a volumetric energy recovery device, and a heat exchanging device. The compressor is arranged upstream of the power plant and pressurizes air to produce the intake air for the power plant. The volumetric energy recovery device is arranged downstream of the power plant and receives the exhaust air. The volumetric energy recovery device operates to generate useful work as the exhaust air undergoes expansion therethrough. The heat exchanging device is selectively operable to transfer heat from the intake air to the exhaust air and reduce a temperature of the intake air.

id-US10054026B2    abstract-There is provided an exhaust heat recovery structure that may suppress boiling of coolant in a heat exchanger. The exhaust heat recovery structure includes a first pipe, a second pipe, a valve and a thermostat. Exhaust gas from an engine flows in the first pipe. The second pipe branches from the first pipe and a heat exchanger that exchanges heat between the coolant and exhaust gas is provided at the second pipe. The valve is provided at the first pipe or the second pipe. The valve adjusts a flow amount of exhaust gas flowing into the second pipe by opening and closing. The thermostat is equipped with a heat-sensing portion that is disposed inside the heat exchanger. When the temperature of the heat-sensing portion is high, the thermostat opens or closes the valve to reduce the flow amount of exhaust gas flowing into the second pipe.

id-US10247162B2    abstract-A starter system for start up of a combined heat and power unit comprising a generator which is connectable to the grid. The starter system comprises a variable frequency drive, VFD, operable to receive power from the grid. The VFD reduces the frequency of the power, and provides the reduced-frequency power to the generator to start the generator. The starter system further comprises a bypass relay configured to bypass the VFD. The bypass relay allows direct connection between the grid and the generator after the generator has started. The variable frequency drive is configured to operate temporarily during start up of the combined heat and power unit.

id-WO2017002624A1    abstract-In the power generation system, the exhaust is discharged and the circulating cooling water passes through the engine (10) and the evaporator (43), which evaporates the working fluid whose boiling point is lower than the cooling water through the cooling water in the circulation channel (41), and the expansion of the working fluid. The device (44), the condenser (45) that condenses the working fluid, the pump (42) that circulates the working fluid in the circulating channel (41), the Rankine cycle (40) and the cooling water that passes the engine (10) are guided to the evaporator (43). The first detour passage (31a), the exhaust passage (20) and the first detour passage (31a) are connected to the cooling water passage (30) after diverting from the cooling water passage (30), so as to absorb the heat of the exhaust A heat exchanger (24) for recovery in the cooling water of the first roundabout (31a);
id-JP2018520296A    abstract-The present invention comprises a shape memory alloy (SMA) or negative thermal expansion (NTE) element, which are arranged into a plurality of wires roughly parallel to each other to demoralize the core, and the plurality of wires roughly parallel to each other according to temperature changes. Provides energy recovery equipment, which is selected to have different dimensions to be activated.
id-US20160376986A1    abstract-A heat transfer panel, or multiple panels, utilized to absorbed heat from the turbine exhaust gas as part of the Rankin cycle which simultaneously distributes the exhaust gas through the waste heat boiler. The panel varies the gas flow characteristics across a transverse and longitudinal plane, thereby eliminating the need for a separate flow distribution device.

id-WO2016205188A1    abstract-In one aspect, an integrated expander and pump assembly is disclosed that includes: a housing defining an internal chamber and a pair of parallel helical rotors disposed within the housing internal chamber. The assembly can include a first working fluid inlet and a first working fluid outlet between which the working fluid is expanded by the rotors. The assembly can also include a second working fluid inlet and a second working fluid outlet between which the working fluid is pumped by the rotors.

id-WO2016201338A1    abstract-Expander and engine start-up and shut-down control methods are disclosed. In one example, a method includes the steps of: providing an internal combustion engine which generates and exhaust flow stream and an expander which receives the exhaust flow stream to generate useful work; detecting that the internal combustion engine has been started; supplying power to a motor/generator to cause rotors within the expander to be in a static fixed position; sensing a temperature of a housing of the expander; discontinuing power to the motor/generator once the expander housing temperature sensor indicates that the housing has reached a predetermined temperature.

id-US20200088448A1    abstract-Envisaged is an exhaust gas heat recovery system comprising a heat pump, a mixer and a flow regulating means. The heat pump is configured to pump heat from a refrigerant. The heat pump has an inlet and an outlet wherein the exhaust gas stream leaving the outlet is split into two streams: a stream rejected to atmosphere and a recirculating exhaust stream re-circulated back to the heat pump. The mixer is provided at the inlet of the heat pump to mix an inlet exhaust stream with the recirculating exhaust gas stream to get a resultant exhaust stream at an intermediate temperature of the two streams. The flow regulating means is adapted to compress the recirculating exhaust stream.

id-WO2017010666A1    abstract-This invention vehicle engine which drives remind and remind travels inside the engine coolant and remind heated by engine coolant remind remind cooling radiator and engine and radiator coolant's move above link coolant lee dong-kwan reminds to be equipped with vehicles, storing water in remind remind water storage tanks, water tanks and cooling water lee dong-kwan connecting lee dong-kwan, including The above water transfer pipe provides a vehicle hot water supply device featuring penetrating the above water transfer pipe, which has the effect of supplying hot water using the heat from the vehicle engine.
id-WO2017012130A1    abstract-A dual-working medium expander suitable for a two-stage organic Rankine cycle comprises a cylinder block (2), a rotor (1) arranged in the cylinder block (2) and a plurality of sliding plates (4) arranged radially, and a rotating shaft (5) fixed in the center of the rotor (1). The cylinder block (2) is a ring structure formed by the joint of two semi-elliptical structures with unequal long half-axes and equal short half-axes. The outer surface of the rotor (1) can be rotated to be tangent to the inner surface of the cylinder block (2) at the joint of the two semi-elliptical structures of the cylinder block (2). The two sides of the rotor (1) and the cylinder block (2) are respectively formed between the low-temperature grade cycle element volume (6) for low-temperature grade large flow rate and low expansion ratio of working medium expansion and the high-temperature grade cycle element volume (7) for low-temperature grade small flow rate and high expansion ratio of working medium expansion. The cylinder wall of the cylinder block (2) is provided with a first intake port (8) and a first exhaust port (9) which are connected with the circulation primitive volume (6) of the low temperature grade, and a second intake port (10) and a second exhaust port (11) which are connected with the circulation primitive volume (7) of the high temperature grade. The expander implements a two-stage organic Rankine cycle in which two working fluids do work in one expander unit.
id-US9551257B1    abstract-An exhaust aftertreatment system may include an aftertreatment component and thermoelectric generators. The aftertreatment component is disposed in an exhaust gas passageway. The thermoelectric generators may be disposed in the exhaust gas passageway upstream or downstream of the aftertreatment component. Each of the thermoelectric generators may have a catalytic coating and may include a radially extending fin configured to absorb heat from exhaust gas in the exhaust gas passageway. The fin of at least one of the thermoelectric generators may overlap the fin of at least another one of the thermoelectric generators.

id-US20170016392A1    abstract-Systems, methods, and vehicles for use with internal combustion engines comprising combustion chambers that produce exhaust gases that include a Stirling engine having a hot side and a cold side with the hot side being in thermal contact with exhaust gases produced by the internal combustion engine. The Stirling engine is configured to be powered by heat from the exhaust gases during operation of the internal combustion engine, and a compressor powered by the Stirling engine is configured to provide compressed air to combustion chambers of the internal combustion engine.

id-WO2017025072A3    abstract-The invention belongs to the working cycle process of electric power generation, including phase change, thermoplastic enhancement and heat release, as an alternative for small and medium scale electric power generation. This is essential in the energy economy. The increase in global energy demand increases the man-made burden on the climate and the environment. Energy conservation and efficient conversion processes are becoming increasingly important. Thermal regulation, which provides both electricity and heat for heating, also plays a role. Industrial test object is the compressibility of construction costs, maintenance power, life, efficiency, and can use fuel comparable standard, gas turbine turbine turbine speed turbine, will be fixed coil temperature is converted into energy compression. The purpose is to change the dynamic compression method without the need for another layer of thermal energy to accomplish this task, namely, the precision-trained thermoplastic resin uses the compression (volume) volume of the phase transformation and converts the phase displacement energy into compression energy through a diffuser.
id-US10012136B2    abstract-A system for recovering thermal energy from one or more devices of an engine is provided to increase the overall efficiency of the engine. The system comprises an exhaust turbocharger, which is in fluid communication with the engine and driven by a supply of exhaust gas from the engine. The driven exhaust turbocharger is configured to supply compressed air to the engine. A boiler is provided to transfer heat from the exhaust gas to a heat-transfer fluid to generate a heat-transfer vapor. The vapor operates to drive a vapor turbocharger to supply additional compressed air to the engine. The vapor is further used to absorb heat from a coolant fluid used in an engine cooling system before a vapor compressor compresses the vapor back to a semi-saturated state and returns it to the boiler to complete a vapor cycle. A method for implementing the above-mentioned system is also provided.

id-US20180230860A1    abstract-The invention relates to a waste-heat utilisation assembly ( 1 ) of an internal combustion engine ( 50 ), comprising a working circuit ( 2 ) that conducts a working fluid. In said working circuit ( 2 ) are arranged, in the direction of flow of the working fluid, a feed pump ( 6 ), an evaporator ( 10 ), an expansion machine ( 3 ) and a condenser ( 4 ). The evaporator ( 10 ) is also arranged in an exhaust tract ( 53 ) of said internal combustion engine ( 50 ). Between the evaporator ( 10 ) and the condenser ( 4 ), an auxiliary line ( 2   b ) is connected in parallel to the working circuit ( 2 ). According to the invention, a sub-stream evaporator ( 12 ) is arranged in the auxiliary line ( 2   b ) and a pressure sensor ( 14 ) and/or a temperature sensor ( 13 ) are also arranged in said auxiliary line ( 2   b ), said pressure sensor ( 14 ) and/or temperature sensor ( 13 ) being arranged downstream of the sub-stream evaporator ( 12 ).

id-WO2017035547A1    abstract-The invention relates to how to identify a child in the Warmeruckgewinnungssystem (5) Brennkraftmaschine:(1) a Kraftfahrzeugs, Warmeruckgewinnungssystem (5) At least one burning Arbeitsmedium Arbeitsmediumkreis(6) with at least one EGR-Verdampfer(7), (8) pump and at least one Expansionsmaschine(9). Undichtheiten in the simplest way The EGR-Verdampfer(7) in Warmeruckgewinnungssystems (5) promptly and reliably recognizes that the full use of the Brennkraftmaschine:(1) in the Schubbetrieb channel, the oxygen concentration in the Schwel is determined and compared to the bottom clearly lwert Abgas may be at the lower end of the Schwellwertes finding in EGR-Verdampfer Undichtheit (7).
id-JP6505852B2    abstract-

id-WO2017021737A1    abstract-An energy recovery apparatus (100) for an internal combustion engine (102) which comprises an exhaust outlet (110). The energy recovery apparatus (100) comprises a fluid supply means (114) arranged to supply a fluid and a piston-less rotary expander mechanism (118). The piston-less rotary expander mechanism (118) is arranged to receive exhaust gases from the exhaust outlet (110) and fluid from the fluid supply means (114). The piston-less rotary expander mechanism (118) is powered by the fluid and the exhaust gases. The fluid supplied by the fluid supply means (114) is heated by a heat source comprising at least part of the internal combustion engine (102). An internal combustion engine comprising the energy recovery apparatus is also disclosed.

id-EP3128137B1    abstract-

id-WO2017022874A1    abstract-Thermoelectric generating unit and heating unit of fuel storage tank and waste heat recovery system are inaugurated. The thermoelectric generating device in the working example of the present invention comprises the first pipe in which the fluid flows, the second pipe in which the cooling medium at a lower temperature than the fluid flows to heat the fluid, and the one side in contact with the air at a lower temperature than the fluid to heat the fluid, A thermoelectric generation module may be provided, including a plurality of first radiator fins having other sides in contact with the second pipe, and a thermoelectric generation module located between the first and second pipes, which can be generated via the temperature difference between the first and second pipes.
id-WO2017023686A1    abstract-A number of variations may include a system which may include an Organic Rankine Cycle that may include at least a first boiler operatively connected to a vehicle engine system to recover waste heat therefrom. The Organic Rankine Cycle may include an organic working fluid. The Organic Rankine Cycle may be operatively connected to a turbocharger system to provide turbocharger assist using energy from the working fluid.

id-EP3353386B1    abstract-

id-US20170074142A1    abstract-A heat recovery component for an exhaust gas system comprises:         an inlet;   an outlet;   a first branch conduit comprising a first inlet, a first inlet axis, a first outlet, and a heat exchanger;   a second branch conduit parallel to the first branch conduit, separate and thermally separated from the first branch conduit and comprising a second inlet, a second inlet axis, and a second outlet; and   a valve arranged at the first inlet and the second inlet.            The valve comprises separate first and second valve flaps fixedly arranged on a shaft and extending in a plane defined by the first and second inlet axes and perpendicular to the first and second inlet axes. The first valve flap is arranged at an axial location on the shaft corresponding to the location of the first inlet, and the second valve flap is arranged at an axial location corresponding to the second inlet. The valve flaps are arranged angularly rotated relative to one another about the shaft.

id-US20170081972A1    abstract-An electric and steam system includes an electrical generator assembly configured to receive a first portion of a flow of a boil off gas (NBOG). An oxidizing unit is configured to receive a second portion of the flow of the boil off gas (NBOG), the second portion being an excess of the flow of the boil off gas (NBOG) that the electrical generator can process, and a crossover duct configured to receive a first flow of exhaust gas from the electrical generator assembly and a second flow of exhaust gas from the oxidizing unit and channel the first and second flows to an inlet of a heat recovery steam generator.

id-WO2017054895A1    abstract-The invention relates to a device (1) to Abwarmeruckgewinnung from Verlustwarme Verbrennungskraftmaschine (10), or total Arbeitskreislauf (2) in a system in use Verlustwarme Arbeitsmedium cycle Verbrennungskraftmaschine (10) in at least one Verdampfer (4, 5) on its Arbeitskreislauf erwarmbar and verdampfbar (2) a Expansionsmaschine (6) to produce mechanical energy The amount of warmth from the Arbeitsmediums is envisaged in its Arbeitskreislauf(2) a Kondensator(7) orders the Arbeitsmediums to cool down, while the Arbeitskreislauf(2) plus the nabucco gas Erdg as-Verdampfer(8)(" Oh ") ordered, verflussigte gas (" Oh ") was violated by Arbeitsmediums erwarmbar and verdampfbar, by culture Arbeitsmedium abkuhlbar. is
id-WO2017047669A1    abstract-The thermal energy recovery system S circulates the working fluid through the circulation channel 51 in the first cooling device 41, the second cooling device 42, and the circulation channel 51. The first cooling device 41 is used to cool the cooling water passing through the engine 10, and the second cooling device 42 is used to cool the cooling water to a lower temperature than the first cooling device 41. In the cooling water of the first condenser 55 and the second cooling device 42, the first condenser 55 condenses the working fluid with the cooling water of the first cooling device 41, the evaporator 53 evaporates the working fluid, the expander 54 expands the working fluid, and the first condenser 55 condenses the working fluid with the cooling water of the second cooling device 42. Therefore, the Rankine cycle 50 is arranged with the second condenser 56, which condenses the working fluid; the first channel 35, which directs the cooling water from the first cooling device 41 to the first condenser 55; Equipped with second aisle 36, which leads.
id-JP2017061888A    abstract-[problem] we provide an output device with Rankine cycle that can operate with high efficiency. The pump 20 rotates in the circulation channel 10 so that the working fluid circulates in the circulation channel 10, the evaporator 30 evaporates the working fluid through the exhaust gas, the expander 40 expands the working fluid and curses the working fluid through the cooling source. The output device 1 mounted on the vehicle has characteristic information indicating the relationship between the temperature and flow rate of the exhaust gas and the number of rotations of the pump 20 corresponding to the flow rate of the working fluid through the expander 40. According to the storage unit 70 stored in advance, the detection unit 60 used to detect the temperature and flow rate of the exhaust gas, the detection results of the detection unit 60 and the characteristic information stored in the storage unit 70, the pump 20 corresponding to the temperature and flow rate of the exhaust gas detected. The control section 80 controls the number of rotations. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2017056668A1    abstract-An internal combustion engine control device is provided with a generator driven by the exhaust of the internal combustion engine, which may increase the generation opportunities of the generator. The control device of the internal combustion engine of the invention includes a control device of the internal combustion engine equipped with a generator driven by the exhaust of the internal combustion engine, and an exhaust volume control part that increases the exhaust volume supplied to the generator during inertia running.
id-EP3144494B1    abstract-

id-US20180274498A1    abstract-An engine system with exhaust gas recirculation includes a combustion engine, a flow mixer, and a turbocharger. An exhaust flow path and a charge air flow path each extend to an inlet of the flow mixer, and a mixed gas flow path extends between the outlet of the flow mixer and an intake manifold of the engine. A charge air heat exchanger is arranged along the charge air flow path to cool the charge air, and a mixed gas heat exchanger is arranged along the mixed gas flow path to cool mixed charge air and recirculated exhaust gas. The exhaust gas recirculation flow path does not extend through any heat exchangers.

id-WO2017058204A1    abstract-An exhaust gas recirculation (EGR) system and method. Embodiments EGR system include a source of coolant such as ORC working fluid, an EGR cooler, a mechanically actuated valve, and a thermal actuator such as a wax motor. The EGR cooler includes a recirculated exhaust gas chamber having an input to receive exhaust gas and an output to couple the exhaust gas to an engine, and a coolant chamber having an input. The coolant chamber is thermally coupled to the exhaust gas chamber. The mechanically-actuated valve is coupled between the source of coolant and the coolant chamber input. The thermal actuator actuates the valve, and includes a body positioned to be thermally coupled to exhaust gas flowing from the exhaust gas chamber.

id-US10400662B2    abstract-A vehicular heat management device includes a first heat source, a second heat source, a first heat generator, a second heat generator, a heat generator pathway, a first heat source pathway, a second heat source pathway, and a switching portion. The first heat source and the second heat source heat a heat medium. The first heat generator generates heat according to operation. The second heat generator generates heat according to operation. The first heat generator and the second heat generator are provided in the heat generator pathway. The first heat generator is provided in the first heat generator pathway. The second heat generator is provided in the second heat generator pathway. The switching portion switches between a condition where the heat generator pathway is in flowing communication with the first heat generator pathway and a condition where the heat generator pathway is in flowing communication with the second heat generator pathway.

id-JP2021156292A    abstract-[problem] we provide a lubrication device that enables to control the state of the working fluid so that it does not vaporize before it performs its bearing lubrication function. The invention is a device for lubricating at least one bearing on a rotating shaft of a member of a closed loop operating according to a Rankine cycle, wherein a loop causes a compression/circulation pump of a liquid liquid to evaporate the fluid. A heat exchanger in which the high temperature source flows inside, a means of expansion for the steam fluid, a cooling exchanger in which the low temperature source flows inside so that the working fluid condenses, a fluid tank, and multiple circulating tubes and lubrication circuits to lubricate the bearing. Provides lubrication equipment with. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-EP3163244B1    abstract-

id-WO2017061421A1    abstract-The evaporator 30 USES heat source to evaporate the working fluid, the expander 40 USES heat source to expand the working fluid, the condenser 50 USES cooling source to condense the working fluid, and the pump 20 USES circulating the working fluid in the circulation channel 10 in the following order. When the pressure of the working fluid after passing through the condenser 50 becomes greater than the pressure set value, the power generation device 1 equipped with the Rankine cycle 2 causes the working fluid to flow into the expansion unit 40 and start the control unit 80 of the Rankine cycle 2. The temperature detection unit 62 is used to detect the temperature of the working fluid after passing through the condenser 50. The control unit 80 changes the value of the pressure set according to the detection temperature detected by the temperature detection unit 62.
id-US20170138302A1    abstract-Disclosed is an energy collector system applicable to internal combustion engines. It may include: a) a collector of thermal energy from the exhaust gases; b) a thermal tank covered by helical tubes to gain heat by the exhaust gases; c) a heat exchanger; and d) an outer element capable of converting thermal energy into mechanical energy, such as a closed Brayton cycle turbine, a Stirling engine, a Rankine turbine or an open loop air motor for converting mechanical energy (coupling the difference in rpm) into electrical energy with an electrical generator. The thermal energy collector may be composed of a heat exchanger that collects energy from the exhaust gases. The electrical energy generated may be used for driving a hybrid vehicle. The thermal tank is capable of storing energy as heat, as well.

id-EP3173161A1    abstract-Moving Hochdruck-Reinigungsvorrichtung Hochdruckpumpe(48), driving the truck (38), the internal combustion engine (36), the gearbox (80, 82) and a drill (80, 82)nachgeschaltetes Zwischengetriebe(74). Use the axis (78), or connect with the Hochdruckpumpe(48) through a second departure (84) and at least one Warmeubertrager Hochdruckpumpe previously ordered in wasserzufuhrenden line (28)(48) that the high pressure outer wall of the pump (48) be connected directly to an outlet agent. Or is the invention of the internal combustion engine (36) a Doppelkupplungsautomatikgetriebe (80) and Zwischengetriebe (74). The antriebsverbunden was the second to leave the Zwischengetriebes(84) connected directly to the Hochdruckpumpe(48), or the internal combustion engine (36) was a Schaltgetriebe(82) connected to the Zwischengetriebe (74), second outlet (84)Zwischengetriebes(74) makes a tidal pump (86%), while a Hydraulikmotor(88) form of a hydraulic engine (88) is connected to a high-pressure pump (48).
id-EP3165735B1    abstract-

id-US11371431B1    abstract-A thermal management system for an aircraft is provided that includes thermo-acoustic engines that remove and capture waste heat from the aircraft engines, heat pumps powered by the acoustic waves generated from the waste heat that remove and capture electrical component waste heat from electrical components in the aircraft, and hollow tubes disposed in the aircraft configured to propagate mechanical energy to locations throughout the aircraft and to transfer the electrical component waste heat back to the aircraft engines to reduce overall aircraft mass and improve propulsive efficiency.

id-EP3173160A1    abstract-The mobile Hochdruck-Reinigungsvorrichtung drove the truck (38), the internal combustion engine (36) formed with the Kuhlmittelkreislauf and the Abgasleitung The Hochdruckpumpe(48), those schaltbareubertragungsvorrichtung with the internal combustion engine Antriebsverbindung(36) are a corridor and warm Ausgangsbereich Wasseranlage. a line of water between them (a); (b) A Warmeubertrager engine (32) this line (28) is inserted and the water is ossifier in the extended flow (28) and its Heizmittelweg (34) Kuhlmittelkreislauf is inserted with (36) and the coolant (36) will ossifier; (c) A Warmeubertrager Abgas(50 years old), the term in charge (28) is extended (28). Tap water is filled in the middle of this heated bronchus (34) connected with the jet tube and delivered by the engine of the internal combustion engine (36). The warm safety door is connected to the inlet of the high pressure pump (48).
id-WO2017091098A1    abstract-- how to operate a two-stroke internal combustion engine. Compression close to insulated is carried out in a separate screw compressor with the injection of coolant. Exhaust heat shall be used to heat the compressed working body to the self-ignition temperature of the fuel. At the end of the exhaust stroke, a certain amount of exhaust shall be compressed. During the compression of the exhaust gas, the initial injection of the fuel shall be carried out with a defined forward Angle. The engine power shall be controlled by a proportional reduction in the intake phase, the amount of fuel supplied and the compressor capacity.
