id-US20190234343A1    abstract-An Organic Rankine Cycle (ORC) Waste Heat Recovery (WHR) System has an LT working fluid loop and an HT working fluid loop. The working fluid loops may each have a pump, one or more heat exchanger boilers, an expander, and a condenser. A recuperator is arranged within the LT working fluid loop between the pump and the first heat exchanger boiler. The recuperator is also arranged within the HT working fluid loop between the expander and the pump, or within the LT working fluid loop between the expander and the condenser. One of the heat exchanger boilers in the LT loop may be a charge air cooler heat exchanger, and may receive charge air mixed with recirculating exhaust gas. The LT loop may include more than one heat exchanger boiler, arranged in series or in parallel. Bypass valves may selectively bypass one or more of the heat exchangers.

id-WO2019150474A1    abstract-Efficient use of thermal energy recovered from cooling water of gas engine (51) in power generation system. The power generation system (1) USES a steam generation boiler (11) and steam for deaeration to deaerate the water supply from the steam generation boiler (12), a gas engine for power generation (51), and a gas engine (5). 1) a negative pressure steam generator (53) that generates a negative pressure steam by recovering the waste heat from the cooling water that has cooled, a steam compressor (54) that generates a positive pressure steam by compressing the negative pressure steam, and a deaerator that USES the positive pressure steam as steam for deaeration (1) 2) and the first steam transport line (85) for supply.
id-WO2019145721A1    abstract-A turbocharger assembly (1) comprises a turbine (4), a compressor (6), a housing (8), one or more electronic components (38, 40, 41, 42, 45, 47, 50, 51, 52, 54, 58) and a peltier device (46). The peltier device (46) is configured to provide electrical power to the one or more electronic components (38, 40, 41, 42, 45, 47, 50, 51,52, 54, 58).

id-US20190234277A1    abstract-A fluid flow network for a vehicle includes first and second flow ducts having a common inlet and a common outlet; a flow directing member movable about a first axis and configured to direct flow from the common inlet to at least one of the first and second flow ducts; a flow reactive member configured to detect an imbalance between the flow exiting the first flow duct and the flow exiting the second flow duct; and means for adjusting the position of the flow directing member if an imbalance is detected by the flow reactive member.

id-US20210087949A1    abstract-A combined cooling, heating and power system is formed by integrating a CO2 and ORC cycle systems, and an LNG cold energy utilization system on the basis of an SOFC/GT hybrid power generation system. The combined systems provide utilization of energy and low carbon dioxide emission. The SOFC/GT is used as a prime mover, high-temperature, medium-temperature, and low-temperature waste heat of the system are recovered through a CO2 and ORC cycles, cold energy (for air conditioning and refrigeration), heat, power, natural gas, ice, and dry ice is provided by using LNG as a cold source of the CO2 cycle and the ORC cycle, and low carbon dioxide emission of the system is achieved by condensation and separation of CO2 from flue gas, so energy losses of the combined system is reduced, and efficient and cascade utilization of energy is achieved, thereby providing energy conservation and emission reduction effect.

id-EP3530924B1    abstract-

id-EP3530890B1    abstract-

id-WO2019169353A1    abstract-Various embodiments of an enclosure system for housing a heat conversion system is disclosed. According to one exemplary embodiment, the enclosure system may include a first enclosure configured to receive a first component of the heat conversion system and a second enclosure configured to receive a second component of the heat conversion system. The first enclosure may include an upper connector and a lower connector, where the first enclosure may be connected to a first side structure of the locomotive via the lower connector of the first enclosure. The second enclosure may include an upper connector and a lower connector, where the second enclosure may be connected to a second side structure of the locomotive opposite to the first side structure via the lower connector of the second enclosure. The enclosure system may further include a connecting rod connecting between the upper connector of the first enclosure and the upper connector of the second enclosure.

id-WO2019168927A1    abstract-A vehicle system includes an engine, a transmission, a differential, and a waste heat recovery (WHR) drive that converts thermal energy into mechanical and electrical energy. The WHR drive can include a WHR power unit structured to convert thermal energy into rotation of a WHR drive shaft. A motor/generator having a motor/generator shaft can selectively operate as a motor or a generator. A mechanical linkage is structured to selectively link an output shaft to one of the WHR drive shaft and the motor/generator drive shaft independently of the other of the WHR drive shaft and the motor/generator drive shaft. The output shaft is selectively coupled to one of the engine, the transmission, or the differential. The vehicle system may also include a traction motor to provide drive to the vehicle. The output shaft can be selectively coupled to the traction motor or the engine.

id-WO2019171941A1    abstract-The heat release device has a heat release part, which has a surface for setting a cooling object (thermoelectric converter), and a receiving part, which is set opposite to the side of the heat release part and is used to accommodate the circuit board. The heat release part has two first heat release walls rising relative to the setting surface and facing each other, and the second heat release walls connecting between the two first heat release walls. The two first heat release walls and the second heat release walls are formed as one body. The housing part has two inner faces, each facing the two surfaces of the circuit board.
id-US10808592B2    abstract-A heat exchanger for a vehicle is provided to improve fuel efficiency by implementing an integrated structure of exhaust gas heat recovery function and thermoelectric generation function. The heat exchanger allows exhaust gas that is flowed into the heat exchange generator in the cold start mode of the vehicle to pass through the exhaust gas heat recovery component side and thermoelectric generation component side. Therefore, the temperature of the coolant rapidly increases, thereby reducing the engine warm-up time, and electricity is generated through thermoelectric module, thereby maximizing the fuel efficiency improvement.

id-EP3781864A4    abstract-

id-WO2019192078A1    abstract-A two-stage turbocharging system comprises an internal combustion engine (1), an intercooler (2), a high-pressure stage turbocharger and a low-pressure stage turbocharger; The high-pressure stage turbocharger is composed of a coaxial high-pressure stage compressor (3) and a high-pressure stage turbine (4). The low-pressure stage turbocharger consists of a low-pressure stage compressor (5) and a low-pressure stage turbine (6). The low-pressure stage turbine (6) of the two-stage supercharging system is driven by the waste heat recovery system; The liner water of the internal combustion engine (1) enters the liner water heat exchanger (10) after full heat transfer, the liner water side enters the cylinder liner of the internal combustion engine (1) through the return water pipe; A coupling (11) is also provided between the low-pressure stage turbine (6) and the low-pressure stage compressor (5). The system not only improves the low-speed power performance of the internal combustion engine, but also realizes the effective recovery and utilization of waste heat energy under all working conditions of the internal combustion engine, and improves the fuel economy of the internal combustion engine.
id-US20210025305A1    abstract-A method is provided for operating an internal combustion engine in a motor vehicle, The internal combustion engine has at least one cylinder with a combustion chamber, a water injection unit with a tank and at least one injection nozzle for directly or indirectly injecting water into the combustion chamber, an exhaust gas system with at least one exhaust gas catalytic converter and a particulate filter device which has a particulate filter for filtering particles out of an exhaust gas flow guided in the exhaust gas system. A control unit is provide for a state monitoring process and for controlling the combustion in the cylinder.

id-US20190324130A1    abstract-A sensor unit is configured to sense external information of the vehicle. A temperature adjusting section is configured to perform temperature adjustment of the sensor unit. An information acquiring section is configured to acquire identification information of a user while an engine of the vehicle is stopped. A control section is configured to cause the temperature adjusting section to initiate the temperature adjustment in response to acquisition of the identification information.

id-US20190344635A1    abstract-A vehicle thermal management system including an engine, a vehicle cabin, a transmission thermal loop, and a controller is provided. The transmission thermal loop may include a transmission assembly in operational communication with the engine and a cabin thermal loop. The controller may be programmed to, responsive to detection of an engine off condition, output to a shut-off valve an open command such that heat from the transmission thermal loop transfers to the cabin thermal loop to warm the vehicle cabin. The controller may be further programmed to, responsive to detection of a cabin heater core having a temperature above a predetermined threshold, output a command to a coolant heater of an engine thermal loop to direct warm or cold fluid to the transmission assembly based on a detected transmission thermal loop temperature.

id-JP2019194476A    abstract-[challenges] to provide a cooling system for internal combustion engines (1). [solution] the cooling system (1) has a closed cooling loop and includes a closed Rankine cycle that enables the recovery of part of the cooling liquid heat. According to the invention, a cooling loop consists of two thermostats (6, 20) and an evaporator (19) of the Rankine loop is arranged between the two thermostats (6, 20). Selection diagram: figure 1
id-EP3575563A1    abstract-The present invention is to provide a thermal energy recovery device capable of recovering heat from the supercharged air while avoiding an increase in a pressure loss generated in the supercharged air.      The thermal energy recovery device includes an evaporation portion, an evaporation-portion housing portion, a cooling portion, a cooling-portion housing portion, an expander, a power recovery unit, a condenser, and a circulation pump, wherein the evaporation portion has a working medium heat transfer tube, and plural evaporation portion fins, the cooling portion has a cooling medium heat transfer tube, and plural cooling portion fins, the cooling-portion housing portion is connected to the evaporation-portion housing portion, size of the evaporation-portion housing portion in the width direction is the same as size of the cooling-portion housing portion in the width direction, and size between the evaporation portion fins is the same as size between the cooling portion fins.

id-JP2020002903A    abstract-[problem] the objective of this product is to suppress hunting where the increase or decrease of the control valve opening is repeated within the range of the control valve opening close to the full opening, and to realize stable control of the control valve opening. [solution] the power generation system consists of a steam turbine driven by steam generated by exhaust gas, a regulating valve that controls the amount of steam supplied to the steam turbine, and a generator connected to the steam turbine. The power generation system control device includes a load capacity value calculation unit 70a, which calculates the load capacity value of the generator by using at least one of the steam conditions and the speed control valve opening. The load capacitance value calculation unit 70a calculates the load capacitance value in such a way that the increase width or increase rate of the load capacitance value in the predetermined opening range of the tuning valve opening value is set to a value close to the full opening value less than that in the other opening range of the tuning valve opening value. Select diagram: figure 3
id-US20200018214A1    abstract-A vehicle system includes a vehicle component, a battery, and a thermoelectric module coupled to the component to allow heat transfer between the catalytic converter and the thermoelectric module, wherein the thermoelectric module is electrically connected to the battery. The vehicle system further includes a temperature sensor coupled to the vehicle component. The temperature sensor is configured to measure the temperature of the vehicle component. The vehicle system further includes a controller in electronic communication with the thermoelectric module. The controller is programmed to switch the thermoelectric module among the heating mode, the cooling mode, and the power-generation mode based on the temperature of the vehicle component. The vehicle component may be an exhaust manifold, a turbocharger turbine housing, an exhaust gas conduit coupled between an exhaust manifold and a catalytic converter, and/or a catalytic converter.

id-US20200037808A1    abstract-A in-vehicle coffee maker assembly for brewing a cup of coffee in a vehicle includes a vehicle that has an internal combustion engine. A water reservoir is coupled to the vehicle and the water reservoir is positioned in an engine compartment of the vehicle. The water reservoir contains potable water and the water reservoir is in thermal communication with the internal combustion engine. Thus, the internal combustion engine heats the potable water in the water reservoir when the internal combustion engine is running. A coffee maker is integrated into the vehicle. The coffee maker is in fluid communication with the water reservoir such that the coffee maker receives the potable water for brewing coffee.

id-WO2020019048A1    abstract-The invention refers to an internal combustion engine turbine generator integrated in a closed-loop two-stage unit piston to form an integral internal combustion mechanical and thermal power energy input, in an isobaric process and a heat rejection isothermal compression process.
id-US20200035900A1    abstract-A thermoelectric device may include a housing made of a plastic, which may partially limit an interior space and which may include a first side wall and a second side wall lying opposite to the first side wall, and a thermoelectric element made of a thermoelectrically active material arranged in the interior space. The first electrical connection element may be arranged on an inner side of the first side wall, and a second electrical connection element may be arranged on an inner side of the second side wall. The first electrical connection element may be connected in a substance-to-substance manner to a first front side of the thermoelectric element facing the first side wall, and the second electrical connection element may be connected to a second front side of the thermoelectric element facing the second side wall.

id-US20200025049A1    abstract-The present invention relates to an actuator device configured for impelling elements between two positions such that, in the end position with maximum extension, the force being applied is limited, preventing the impelled element from becoming damaged.      The actuator device is particularly designed for actuating a valve the opening or closing of which depends on the temperature of a fluid, for example the liquid coolant used in a heat recuperator arranged in an exhaust conduit of an internal combustion engine.

id-EP3611769A1    abstract-The disclosure includes a system and method thereof that implements the recovery of heat from a variable thermal load application and the delivery and spreading of this heat at a controllable temperature range to the target application such as a thermoelectric generator. The disclosure comprises a heat spreader (3) located between a hot source heat exchanger (4) and a target application (2) which uses liquid-vapour phase change to lower temperature and spread heat along the target application (2) avoiding the risk of overheating under high loads and thermal dilution under low loads. This effect is obtained by embedding variable conductance heat pipes, thermosiphons or vapour chambers in the spreader (3), within the heat path which absorb the heat by vaporization whenever this heat is above the phase change temperature. This phase change temperature is regulated via the inclusion of a non-condensable gas inside the chambers of the heat spreader. The disclosure can be fitted into an automobile exhaust pipe or adapted for industrial processes that produce a usable heat flow to be used as inlet flow (7) to the system. The disclosure is especially suitable for applications involving thermoelectric modules for electrical production in automobiles or in stationary applications with variable thermal load and in general applications which require temperature stability.

id-WO2020024034A1    abstract-The invention refers to a heat engine that cycles an internal combustion engine diesel and forms a closed loop piston, a secondary unit collective mechanical unit and an internal combustion equilibrium state, the input energy in an isobaric process, and the rejection of the heat compression isothermal process. It is a concept that integrates a diesel cycle internal combustion engine with a theoretical efficiency of about 80%, compared to about 60% for conventional diesel cycle engines.
id-US20200049052A1    abstract-A thermal system includes a Rankine cycle heat recovery device including a Rankine circuit having a first heat exchanger, an expander, a condenser, and a first pump. A cooling device having a cooling circuit that includes a second heat exchanger, a second pump, and a third heat exchanger with a device to be cooled. The thermal system comprises a device for regulating the pressure in the Rankine circuit and includes an enclosure delimiting a space and housing a movable part separating the space into first and second chambers. The first chamber communicates with the Rankine circuit and the second chamber communicates with the cooling circuit.

id-US20220381435A1    abstract-A portable food warmer and cooker includes a housing having a base, a plurality of insulated sidewalls, and a latching lid. A food tray is removably securable within the interior volume of the housing. A heating coil is disposed within the interior volume of the housing such that it surrounds the food tray. The heating coil includes an inlet connector and an outlet connector, each of which extend exteriorly through one of the sidewalls of the housing. A pair of heater hoses connect the heating coil inlet and outlet to corresponding inlet and outlet connectors of a coolant system of a motor. The liquid coolant flows through the heater hoses and the heating coil, which transfers heat to the interior volume of the food tray. The device reaches high temperatures such that it can be utilized to cook raw foods utilizing the motor coolant liquid as a heat source.

id-US20210260961A1    abstract-A method of warming a valve assembly includes receiving an exhaust flow through a first heat exchanger first inlet; heating a coolant received through a first heat exchanger second inlet with the exhaust flow; exhausting the exhaust flow through a first heat exchanger first outlet; and discharging heated coolant through a first heat exchanger second outlet towards a second heat exchanger assembly that is coupled to the valve assembly to heat the valve assembly.

id-EP3640069A1    abstract-A Betriebsflussigkeit Flussigkeitsbehalter (1) carries out an Betriebsmotor Kraftfahrzeuges and a Kuhlkreislauf (2) Antriebsmotors growth cools in Kuhlkreislauf Kuhlflussigkeit (2) circulatory system in its Flussigkeitsbehalter :(1) At least order Heizschlange(3), Heizschlange(3) so Kuhlkreislauf (2) studies the network Kuhlflussigkei t pours water through Heizschlange(3) to sooth Betriebsflussigkeit, but Verbindungsleitung(4) is born all Kuhlkreislauf (2) connected and is small Sekundarkreislauf (5) trained, thus turning Kuh lflussigkeit durchflossen, Heizschlange(3) in Sekundarkreislauf (5), and a program to heat a Betriebsflussigkeit in this Flussigkeitsbehalter or as.
id-WO2020076231A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a heating arrangement (40) for an internal combustion engine coolant, and to a cooling circuit (22), wherein the coolant is arranged to circulate in the cooling circuit (22) and cool the internal combustion engine (2) and heat a fluid in a fluid tank (20) located downstream of the internal combustion engine (2) in the cooling circuit (22). The heating arrangement (40) comprises a heat transfer unit (42) configured to be positioned downstream of the fluid tank (20) and upstream of the internal combustion engine (2), wherein the heat transfer unit (40) is arranged to be heated by an exhaust gas line (50) of the internal combustion engine (2) and comprises means (46) to transfer the heat from the exhaust t gases to the coolant. Also, a vehicle (1) comprising the heating arrangement or a cooling circuit (22) is claimed.

id-US20200166149A1    abstract-In a thermal fluid system, a control valve includes a flow valve and a solenoid pilot valve. The flow valve has an inlet and an outlet; a control chamber for receiving a pilot pressure; and a valve member operable by the pilot pressure to selectively open and close a fluid path from the inlet to the outlet. The pilot pressure acts in a closing direction of the flow valve. The pilot valve provides the pilot pressure to the control chamber and is a 3/2 way valve with a first port in fluid communication with the control chamber, a second port to be connected to a pressure source, and a third port. The pilot valve has a first position connecting the first port with the second port and a second position connecting the first port with the third port.

id-EP3647554A1    abstract-A compact two-stage evaporator waste heat recovery (WHR) device (7) is disclosed, and a system using the device. The device recovers energy from waste heat passing through the device and transfers that energy to a Rankine Cycle working fluid also passing through the device. The device includes a first and second evaporator (15); and, a state separator (17) connected between the outlet of the first evaporator and the inlet of the second evaporator. The state separator (17) separates the working fluid into liquid and vapor. The liquid is re-cycled to the inlet of the first evaporator (15); the vapor is sent to the inlet of the second evaporator (19) for superheating. An overall WHR system using the device further includes an expander (21), condenser (23), and pump (25). The system further includes control circuitry (26) for controlling operation of the waste heat recovery device (7) itself and the WHR system.

