id-EP3402968B1    abstract-

id-US9845750B2    abstract-Methods and systems are provided for exhaust gas heat recovery at a split exhaust gas heat exchanger. Exhaust gas may flow in both directions through an exhaust bypass passage and the heat exchanger coupled to the bypass passage. Warm or cold EGR may be delivered from the exhaust passage to the engine intake manifold and heat from the exhaust gas may be recovered at the heat exchanger.

id-US20210140391A1    abstract-A number of variations may include a system which may include an electrified turbocharger along with a waste heat recovery system which may have at least a first boiler operably coupled to a vehicle engine system in order to recover waste heat therefrom. The waste heat recovery system may additionally include at least one waste heat recovery expander. The waste heat recovery system may be operably coupled to a turbocharged system which may have at least one electrified turbocharger. The electrified turbocharger and the waste heat recovery expander may be electrically coupled to a single electric machine.

id-EP3199774B1    abstract-

id-JP6721351B2    abstract-

id-WO2017133836A1    abstract-The invention comprises a device for heating hot water and a device for raising the temperature of hot water. To operate an incinerator in a simple and inexpensive manner, this device (1) will be made with heating Heizwasser(5), with power (2) with internal combustion engines (3)Stromerzeugers(2) with human power and a container (4)Heizwasser (5) befullbar in the container while the internal combustion engine (3)(4) is ordered to have such direct contact from the internal combustion engine (3) with Heizwasser (5).
id-US10711993B2    abstract-An exhaust heat recovery device includes: a main passage through which an exhaust gas containing a corrosive component flows; a boiler which heats a heat medium using the exhaust gas; a bypass passage connected to the main passage so as to detour around the boiler; a regulation valve member which regulates a flow rate of the exhaust gas flowing into the boiler; a heat medium circuit which circulates the heat medium that is heated to be in a hot-water state by the boiler; a binary electricity generation device which recovers thermal energy from the heat medium in the heat medium circuit and generates electricity; and a valve control unit which controls an opening of the regulation valve member such that a temperature of the exhaust gas passed through the boiler is equal to or higher than a temperature of an acid dew-point of the corrosive component in the exhaust gas.

id-US20170234266A1    abstract-Provided is a waste heat recovery power generation system, including: a compressor configured to compress a working fluid; a heat exchanger configured to recover waste heat from waste heat gas supplied from a waste heat source, the recovered waste heat heating the working fluid; a turbine configured to be driven by the working fluid heated by the recovered waste heat; and a recuperator configured to exchange heat between an output fluid of the turbine and an output fluid of the compressor to cool the output fluid of the turbine in which the output fluid of the compressor is branched into a first output fluid and a second output fluid of the compressor.

id-EP3411586B1    abstract-

id-WO2017136735A1    abstract-An advanced aftertreatment concept is presented that utilizes gaseous NH 3  injection and a waste heat recovery system having volumetric expander which captures waste heat energy from an internal combustion engine via a working fluid. The NH 3  comes from the waste heat recovery system's working fluid and is immediately available without the need for a warm-up period on cold start. The consumed NH 3  is automatically re-charged in the waste heat recovery system by on-board DEF. The proposed WHR uses NH 3 -H 2 O as the working fluid. NH 3 -H 2 O has very favorable thermodynamics for a waste heat recovery application. A method of control is also presented that maintains an appropriate ammonia level and concentration in the system.

id-US10018145B2    abstract-Methods and systems are provided for an in-cylinder thermal energy recovery device that utilizes the Rankine Cycle to recover energy from exhaust gasses that may be used to produce additional work in the vehicle. In one example, a method may include outfitting the head area of each cylinder of an engine with a tube array comprising one or more tubes passing through the combustion chamber of the corresponding cylinder. Each tube array may receive an injection of working fluid that is based, in part, on the temperature of the tube array's corresponding cylinder, which may then be utilized to recover heat energy.

id-US9810129B2    abstract-A system for recovering waste heat energy for a motor assisted turbocharger, including a turbine, a first power transmission device connected on a first side to the turbine, a drive gear disposed about and connected on a first side to a second side of the first power transmission device, a second power transmission device connected on a first side to a second side of the drive gear, and a compressor connected to a second side of the second power transmission device. The system further includes a motor gear drivingly connected to the drive gear, a motor generator connected to the motor gear, a waste heat recovery circuit including an expander, an output gear connected to the expander and drivingly connected to the motor gear.

id-JPWO2017169594A1    abstract-The gas turbine plant will be equipped with a gas turbine (10), a waste heat recovery boiler (100), and a water supply system (70) to supply water to the waste heat recovery boiler (100). The exhaust heat recovery boiler (100) consists of an evaporator (109), which heats water with exhaust gas to produce steam, and a reheater (106), which heats external steam with exhaust gas passing through the evaporator (109). The water supply system (70) has a water supply line (71) that sends water from the water supply source (68) to the heat recovery boiler (100), and a water supply temperature regulator (77) that regulates the temperature of the water supply, which is the water flowing through the water supply line (71).
id-US10040335B2    abstract-A thermal management system for a vehicle may be selectively controlled to supply heat from any one of a plurality of different heat sources, to any one of a plurality of different heat sinks. The heat sources may include: an internal combustion engine, a cylinder head, an exhaust gas heat recovery system, an exhaust gas recirculation system, or a turbocharging system. The heat sinks may include: the internal combustion engine, the cylinder heat, an engine oil cooler, a transmission oil cooler, and a heating core. Each of an engine oil cooler control valve, a transmission oil cooler control valve, a heating core control valve, an engine block control valve, a cylinder head control valve, a bypass control valve, and a heat transfer control valve are controlled to effectuate a desired operating mode for the thermal management system.

id-US20170268503A1    abstract-A gear pump ( 1 ) comprises a pump housing ( 2 ), wherein a working chamber ( 6 ) is formed in the pump housing ( 2 ). A first gearwheel ( 11 ) and a second gearwheel ( 12 ) are arranged meshing with each other in the working chamber ( 6 ). The first gearwheel ( 11 ) has a number of first teeth ( 13 ) and the second gearwheel ( 12 ) has a number of second teeth ( 14 ). A first tooth flank ( 13   a,    14   a ) and a second tooth flank ( 13   b,    14   b ) are formed on each of the teeth ( 13, 14 ). When the gearwheels ( 11, 12 ) mesh, the first tooth flanks ( 13   a ) of the first teeth ( 13 ) are meshed with the first tooth flanks ( 14   a ) of the second teeth ( 14 ). A coating ( 15 ) is arranged on each of the first tooth flanks ( 13   a,    14   a ). The coating ( 15 ) and the first tooth flank ( 13   a,    14   a ) are positively connected to each other.

id-US20180371955A1    abstract-A cogeneration system (10a) of the present disclosure includes an internal combustion engine (21), a first power generator (22), a first coolant circuit (23), a first heat exchanger (24), a second coolant circuit (25), a Rankine cycle power generation apparatus (26), and an exhaust gas supply path (40). The Rankine cycle power generation apparatus (26) includes a pump (27), an evaporator (28), an expander (29), a second power generator (30), and a condenser (31). The evaporator (28) heats and evaporates a working fluid with exhaust gas from the internal combustion engine (21). The exhaust gas supply path (40) delivers the exhaust gas from the internal combustion engine (21) to the evaporator (28) without allowing the exhaust gas to exchange heat with a liquid. The condenser (31) has a flow path (31a) through which the first coolant flows and which forms a part of the first coolant circuit (23).

id-US20190048749A1    abstract-The invention relates to a waste heat recovery system (1) comprising a working fluid circuit (18), having a heat exchanger which is connected in an exhaust gas line (4) of an internal combustion engine (2). The heat exchanger is part of the working fluid circuit (18) together with an expansion machine (20) which has at least one working fluid bypass (21) that is controlled by a valve. According to the invention, a waste heat recovery system (1) is provided with improved functionality. This is achieved in that the valve is a directional valve which connects a fluid inlet (36) to an expansion machine fluid outlet (37) and/or a bypass fluid outlet (38), in particular a 3/2-way valve (22), and the connection of the fluid inlet (36) to the expansion machine fluid outlet (37) is leakage-free relative to the bypass fluid outlet (38), whereas the connection of the fluid inlet (36) to the bypass fluid outlet (38) exhibits leakages with respect to the expansion machine fluid outlet (37).

id-US20170268400A1    abstract-A system and method for preventing a failure of an exhaust heat recovery device are provided. The method includes operating a sole exhaust heat recovery mode when cooling water has a temperature less than a warm-up reference temperature to introduce all exhaust gas flowing from a DPF into the exhaust heat recovery device where the exhaust gas exchanges heat with the cooling water. Additionally, a passage through which the exhaust gas bypasses the exhaust heat recovery device is opened when the exhaust gas at a rear of the DPF has a temperature greater than the warm-up reference temperature during the sole exhaust heat recovery mode.

id-US10119484B2    abstract-An apparatus for retrieving exhaust heat of an engine, may include the engine including a plurality of combustion chambers, an intake line, an exhaust line, a turbocharger including, a turbine provided on the exhaust line, and a compressor provided on the intake line and compressing external air, an exhaust gas recirculation (EGR) apparatus including an EGR line branched from the exhaust line at a rear end of the turbocharger and merged with the intake line, an EGR cooler disposed on the EGR line, and an EGR valve to adjust an amount of re-circulated exhaust gas, an intercooler to cool the intake gas introduced through the intake line, an intercooler cooling line passing through a radiator and the intercooler, an EGR cooling line passing through the radiator and the EGR cooler, an EGR exhaust line, and an exhaust adjusting valve disposed on the EGR exhaust line.

id-US9957876B2    abstract-Methods and systems are provided for controlling the temperature and ratio of gases within a gas mixing tank reservoir and selectively charging/discharging gases from the reservoir to one or both of an intake system or an exhaust system. In one example, a method (or system) may include storing exhaust gas and/or compressed intake air into a gas mixing reservoir, and increasing or decreasing flow of coolant to the reservoir based on engine operating conditions. The stored gases may be discharged to an intake system and/or an exhaust system based on requests from a controller, and coolant flow to the reservoir may be adjusted based on the composition of the gases stored within the reservoir.

id-WO2017203973A1    abstract-Provide thermoelectric power generation equipment to improve the efficiency of power generation. The thermoelectric power generation device (1a) of the present invention is A thermoelectric power generation device having A thermoelectric element (2) provided with one surface in the heating part (3) and the other surface in the cooling part (4), including A heat transfer tube (6) arranged in the flow path (5) of the high-temperature fluid. The heating part (3) and the heat transfer tube (6) have an internal space (9a and 9b) connected to each other respectively, and the internal space (9a) of the heating part (3) and the internal space (9b) of the heat transfer tube (6) form a circulation path (9) of the heat medium, and the heat medium is formed. The outlet 6b of the heat transfer tube (6) is set higher than the inlet 6a of the heat transfer tube (6) where the heat medium enters, and the inlet 6a of the heat transfer tube (6) is set lower than the bottom end of the thermoelectric element (2), where the heat transfer tube (6) is set Using the heat of the high-temperature fluid, the heat medium flowing in the circulation path (9) is evaporated, and the heating part (3) condenses the evaporated heat medium.
id-WO2017191676A1    abstract-The purpose of the present invention is to reduce the effect of the failure of the heat exchanger on the energy saving in the mechanism of recovering the heat energy of the exhaust gas of the prime motor of the mobile body through the heat exchanger. The heat supply system 1 of the invention includes an economizer 12, which recovers heat from the exhaust gas of the mobile motor 11, and an economizer 22, which recovers heat from the exhaust gas passing through the economizer 12. The steam heated by the heat recovered by the economizer 22 is compressed by the compressor 25 and then combined with the steam heated by the heat recovered by the economizer 22 and fed to the heat utilization device 15. In the case that the economizer 22 is malfunctioning due to low temperature corrosion, etc., the exhaust gas is discharged out of the mobile body via path 34 that bypasses the economizer 22.
id-US20170321598A1    abstract-Presented herein is an energy conversion module containing an internal combustion engine, air compressor, fuel delivery system, waste energy collection system and emission control system. Energy input is controlled via a feedback loop containing an air compressor, carburetor and post-combustion oxygen sensor. Emissions are controlled via the use of a high-efficiency catalytic converter and exhaust gas recirculation system via a feedback from post-catalytic oxygen sensors. Waste heat energy is also collected from both the combustion and catalytic processes via a series of heat exchangers and a high-heat capacity medium.

id-EP3458692A4    abstract-

id-WO2017194259A1    abstract-Cleaning instruction (1), fuel machine (50) Extensive, performance agent working cycle (2). In the working cycle (2), the drainer (6), evaporator (10), expander (3) and capacitor (4) are emptied. The carburetor (10) remains in the exhaust strip (53) of the engine (50). At the same time in Abgastrakt(53), in the Verdampfer(10) is Abgasbypasskanal(61), while in the case of Abgastrakt(53)Abgasbypassventil - the total Mass distributed by each of the 60 elements in Abgases enstroms Brennkraftmaschine(50 years old) in Verdampfer(10) and Abgasbypasskanal steuerbar are. (61) except two, zero clean order (1) still includes a refrigeration unit (20, 40, 30). Containers (4) are placed in the freezer (20, 40, 30). In addition, there is at least one temperature receptor in the device (20,40,30).
id-US20190285027A1    abstract-In an internal combustion engine, for the operation at part-load, a heat exchanger collects heat from the exhaust gas and re-injects the collected heat into the intake gas being at an intermediate stage (p 3c ) of the compression. The exhaust gases are cooled down from point Q 81c  to point Q 61c . The intake gases are heated up from point Q 33c  to point Q 43c . The average combustion temperature is higher while the exhaust gas temperature is lowered, wherefore the yield is definitely increased.

id-WO2017204283A1    abstract-Provide thermoelectric power generation equipment that can improve the power generation efficiency. The thermoelectric generation device (1a) of the present invention is A thermoelectric generation device having A thermoelectric element (2) with one surface in the heating part (3) and another surface in the cooling part (4), wherein the thermoelectric element (2) is arranged on both sides of the heating part (3). The cooling part (4) is provided through each thermoelectric element (2) on both sides of the heating part (3).
id-US11066961B2    abstract-An exhaust heat recovery system includes an evaporator, an expander, a condenser, a pump, a circulation flow path, a cooling medium pipe, a bypass pipe, a first valve, a second valve for switching between a state in which the working medium can flow into the coolie medium piping and a state in which the working medium cannot flow therein, and a controller for performing the switching control of the valves. When a condition under which the temperature of the working medium flowing into the condenser becomes higher than or equal to a predetermined temperature is satisfied, the controller controls the second valve to switch to the state in which the working medium can flow into the cooling medium pipe.

id-WO2017205397A1    abstract-A method includes installing a CHP system to be operated by an operator. The operator becomes qualified as a market participant in a wholesale electricity market. An electrical output generated from the CHP system is connected to a first conductive path, the first conductive path operatively conducting power and energy to a grid for sale into the wholesale electricity market. Waste heat generated from the CHP system is utilized to provide one of a product and a process. An efficiency of the waste heat and an electrical efficiency of the electrical output are combined to attain an overall CHP system efficiency of 60 percent or greater.

id-US20190128147A1    abstract-A control system for a vehicle comprises a controller ( 114 ), with the controller ( 114 ) further including a processor and a memory. The memory stores instructions executable by the processor such that the controller is programmed to detect a temperature difference (ΔT Evap ), select a flow ratio, and select a valve opening setting ( 242, 244, 250, 252, 258, 260 ). The difference in temperature (ΔT Evap ) is between a working fluid ( 15 ) downstream of a first evaporator ( 16 ) and a working fluid ( 15 ) downstream of a second evaporator ( 20 ). The flow ratio is a desired flow ratio based on the difference in temperature (ΔT Evap ). The valve opening setting ( 242, 244, 250, 252, 258, 260 ) for each of a first valve ( 84 ) regulating flow of the working fluid into the first evaporator ( 16 ) and a second valve ( 86 ) regulating flow of the working fluid into the second evaporator ( 20 ) based on the flow ratio.

id-US10337452B2    abstract-A combined heat and power system, or an energy system, is provided. A four-stroke opposed-piston engine provides efficient power from a generator set or genset. A heat exchange system is provided within the energy system to provide efficient waste heat recovery as the engine is operated.

id-EP3258076A1    abstract-An integrated internal combustion engine and waste heat recovery system including an internal combustion engine, a system of exhaust gas conduits, a first heat exchanger in fluid communication with the exhaust gas conduits, a second heat exchanger in fluid communication with the exhaust gas conduits downstream of the first exchanger, a selective catalytic reduction unit positioned between the first and second heat exchangers, a waste heat recover system (WHR) and a mechanical connection. The WHR system includes a system of working fluid conduits in fluid communication with the first and second heat exchangers, an expander, a condenser, and a pump. The mechanical connection connects the internal combustion engine and the expander. The heat exchangers are configured to facilitate thermal communication between the working fluid and exhaust gas conduits. The working fluid and exhaust gas conduits include bypass conduits around the heat exchangers.

id-US20170356321A1    abstract-A system includes an exhaust passage and a waste heat recovery system. The exhaust passage is structured to fluidly couple to an exhaust manifold of an engine, and to receive exhaust gas from the engine. The waste heat recovery system includes a working fluid circuit, a superheater, and an expander. The working fluid circuit includes a pump to circulate a working fluid through the working fluid circuit, including through the engine. Heat is transferred from the engine to the working fluid. The superheater is positioned along the working fluid circuit downstream of the engine. The superheater is fluidly coupled to the exhaust passage and transfers heat from the exhaust gas to the working fluid. The expander is positioned along the working fluid circuit downstream of the superheater. The expander generates useful energy from the heat transferred to the working fluid from the exhaust gas and the engine.

id-WO2020021555A1    abstract-A dual-cycle heat engine employing a first cycling working fluid and a second cycling working fluid whose cycles overlap when fused into a combined working stream so as to preserve compression heat generated during compression of the first working fluid thereby yielding enhanced work extraction when complying with additional thermodynamic requirements.

id-WO2018013028A1    abstract-The invention relates to a method for controlling a waste heat recovery system (10) associated with a powertrain (3) of a vehicle (1), the powertrain (3) comprising a combustion engine (2) and a gearbox (4) connected to the combustion engine (2), the waste heat recovery system (10) comprising a working fluid circuit (12); an evaporator (14); an expander (16); a condenser (18); a reservoir (20) for a working fluid (WF) and a pump (22) arranged to pump the working fluid (WF) through the circuit (12), wherein the evaporator (14) is arranged for heat exchange between the working fluid (WF) and at least one heat source (24), wherein the waste heat recovery system (10) further comprises a cooling circuit (26) arranged in connection to the condenser (18), and wherein the expander (16) is mechanically connected to the powertrain (3). The method comprises the steps of: predicting (s101) a downhill slope which will require braking of the vehicle; reducing (s102) the temperature of the evaporator (14) to a predetermined temperature; and turning off (s103) the pump (22) and thus the waste heat recovery system (10). The invention also relates to a waste heat recovery system (10), a vehicle (1) comprising such a system (10), a computer program (P) and a computer program product.

id-US10024159B2    abstract-A method for detecting a leaking point in a heat recovery system of an internal combustion engine of a motor vehicle, wherein the heat recovery system includes a combustible working medium and a working medium circuit with an evaporator, a pump and an expansion machine. The recirculated exhaust gas of the engine flows through or around the evaporator which is arranged in an exhaust-gas return line. At least one oxidation catalytic converter is arranged in an exhaust gas line of the engine. A first temperature sensor is arranged in the exhaust gas line upstream and a second exhaust gas temperature sensor is arranged downstream of the oxidation catalytic converter. Temperatures of the exhaust gas are measured with these temperature sensors during operation of the engine in the exhaust gas line upstream and downstream of the oxidation catalytic converter. A temperature difference of the exhaust gas upstream and downstream of the oxidation catalyst is determined, wherein upon occurrence of an abnormally high temperature difference a conclusion is drawn on a leak in the evaporator.

id-WO2018014058A1    abstract-The invention includes procedures for detecting nuclear leaks. (12)12a) a fuel engine (1) for a power vehicle, comprising a heat control system (12), at least a special flammable agent and a calculation area (13); 3, at least one carburetor, with a shell (1515a) and at least one expanding machine (16; 16a) The treatment process, that is, the vaporizer (14)14a) flows in the engine exhaust pipe (1). To enable easier early identification of faults in the carburetor (14,14a) of the constant rotary system (12) (18. 20a) evaporation path down (2) evaporation path (1414a), there are also a total of 49 sensors (20; 20a) Measure the exhaust emissions (2) during the discharge process if there is at least an abnormal NH of 3 degrees and after the fittest is completed (14)14a is turned off
id-US10415689B2    abstract-A method of using a thermoelectric generator for warming a transmission on a vehicle having an internal combustion engine is provided. The method includes starting the internal combustion engine, thereby generating a hot exhaust gas; circulating coolant through a heating loop in fluid communication with the internal combustion engine and the thermoelectric generator; passing the hot exhaust gas through a hot-side of the thermoelectric generator and circulating the coolant through the cold-side of the thermoelectric generator, thereby transferring heat from the hot exhaust gas to the coolant and generating an electric current; and selectively powering an electric heating element with the electric current. The electric heating element is in thermal communication with a transmission fluid of the transmission. The coolant is circulated through the thermoelectric generator, by an auxiliary coolant pump powered by the electrical current, for a predetermined length of time after shutdown of the internal combustion engine.

id-WO2018045362A1    abstract-This embodiment is a Stirling-Electric Hybrid automotive exhaust module generator device for converting waste heat energy into electrical energy by employing the Seebeck Effect. The disclosure herein describes how the invention converts heat energy, from hot exhaust gases, from the operation of an automotive external combustion engine (e. g. Stirling Cycle engine), into electrical energy which is fed back into the electrical system of the Stirling-Electric Hybrid Automobile (Patent Number 7,726, 130 B2) minimizing losses due to the second law of thermodynamics. The improvements on the art in this disclosure focuses on employing a plurality of thermopiles and materials with improved coefficients of thermal conductivity and increasing residence time of the hot exhaust gases by inducing turbulent flow through the module generator device in conjunction with external cooling plate(s), heat sink(s); in the form of a plurality of pin(s), on the interior and exterior surface(s) of the module generator device.

id-WO2018041456A1    abstract-A warming extraction system (100) of a fuel engine in which the warming system (100) operates an operating arm (100) loop. In an indoor water flow, your circuit (100100) consists of a food pump (102), an evaporation bottle (103), an expansion engine (104), and a curd (105). In the cycle (100), there is an evolutor (10) between the food pump (102) and the carburetor (103).
id-WO2018036656A1    abstract-The invention relates to Brennkraftmaschine:(1) using Ladepfad(3) to establish the case of Ladeluft with at least one Brennraum Brennkraftmaschine(5)(3), one Abgasstrang(7) is established to Abfuhrung Abgas from at least one Abgasruckfuhrpfad Brennraum (5), (9), and one Abgasruckfuhrpfad. At least one other than Abgasstrang(7) is combined with Ladepfad Brennraums(5)(3), from Abgas Abgasstrang(7) Ladepfad (3) zufuhrbar. Is simultaneously the Warmetransporteinrichtung (11), each Warmeaufnahmeeinrichtung (13), set up and ordered to warm from the Abgasruckfuhrpfad (9), simultaneously included in the Warmetransporteinric htung(11) opened to Abgasruckfuhrpfad (9) entnommene warm in the downstream Abgasruckfuhrpfads Committee Ausmundung (15)(9) from Abgasstrang (7) Abgasstrang(7). .
id-WO2018044203A1    abstract-The solution is related to mechanical engineering, namely, motor vehicles and can be used to facilitate the start of the internal combustion engine during the cold season. The technical result is an increase in the period of autonomous maintenance of the required battery temperature in low ambient temperatures, achieved by the thermal protection device of the car battery containing the enclosure, which is distinguished by the fact that the enclosure is made of a closed flexible container, the inner lining of which is filled with the substance accumulating heat, The inlet of the inner cavity of the container is connected through a heat conductor to a heat exchanger mounted on the car internal combustion engine, with a heat diode installed inside the heat conductor in front of the inlet of the container.
id-US10927770B2    abstract-Methods and systems are provided for operating a branched exhaust assembly in a vehicle engine in order to increase catalyst efficiency and reduce engine emissions. In one example, a method may include, during a cold-start condition, flowing exhaust first through a three-way catalyst then through an underbody converter, then through a heat exchanger and then through a turbine, each exhaust component housed on different branches on the branched exhaust assembly. After catalyst activation, exhaust may flow first through the turbine, then through the underbody converter and then through the three-way catalyst, and during high engine load, exhaust entering the turbine may be cooled in order to reduce thermal load on the turbine.

id-US20180072253A1    abstract-A rainwater recycling system for a motor vehicle includes a rainwater collector, a rainwater reservoir connected to the rainwater collector and a heat exchanger to heat rainwater in the rainwater reservoir. A related method of recycling rainwater is also disclosed.

id-EP3293460B1    abstract-

id-EP3510264A4    abstract-

id-WO2018057305A1    abstract-A system for cooling a cylinder head includes a cylinder head, a cylinder block, and a waste heat recovery system. The cylinder head includes a first water jacket and a second water jacket. The cylinder block is coupled to the cylinder head. The cylinder head includes a third water jacket. The first water jacket is coupled to a first cooling circuit. The second water jacket is coupled to a second cooling circuit. The third water jacket is coupled to a third cooling circuit. The waste heat recovery system is coupled to at least one of the first cooling circuit, the second cooling circuit, and the third cooling circuit.

id-JP2018053862A    abstract-[challenges] to provide a heat energy recovery system that can effectively recover the heat energy of the heating medium according to the change in the heat amount of the heating medium while avoiding the significant increase in the size of the evaporation part. [solution] the evaporator casing (30) containing the first power recovery system (10), the second power recovery system (20), the first evaporation unit (11) and the second evaporation unit (21), the upstream side connecting flow path (41) and the downstream side connecting flow path (42), and the system The control unit (50) is equipped with two power recovery systems (10, 20) when driving, the working medium is transmitted to the first evaporation unit 11 and the second evaporation unit 21, and when only one of the recovery systems is driven, the working medium flowing in the circulation channel of the recovery system is transmitted to the first evaporation unit through the upstream connecting flow path 41. (11) and the second evaporation unit (21) shall be transmitted and the working medium from the first evaporation unit (11) and the second evaporation unit (21) shall be returned to the circulation channel through the downstream connecting flow path (42). Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2018046181A1    abstract-The invention relates to Expansionsmaschine(11), aufweisend drehbar stores and Maschinengehause (20) a word (22) of sound (21), and in its operation the word (22) puts the artist's passage and a Laufradvorderseite aufweisendes(26) and Laufradruckseite (27) words (22) are transferred to the new Drehbewegung. In order to ensure the face design of the food, an expansion machine (11) is provided and the design is optimized to lower the pulley. The reason for this is that the baggage carrier (27) has a slip band (28) between the spring and the force partner. The feather is designed as an elongated spring (29), designed to be in operation as a spring (34,34b), with above-ground contact (35a, 35b) on the ground, and a spring (41) below.
id-WO2018050408A1    abstract-Relates to the invention of the Abwarmeruckgewinnungssystem (3) with Arbeitsfluidkreislauf(19) and a Brennkraftmaschine(1) on fire in a Kuhlmittelkreislauf (20) which can be beneficial, Simultaneously Brennkraftmaschine:(1) a cooling system (2) with Kuhlmittelkreislauf (20) and at least one Kuhlmittelpumpe (22), and one Kuhlmittelkuhler. The warming control system (3) is designed and connected with the cooling system (2) to optimize. This is achieved due to the thermal energy generated by a cold (35 years old), which is used in the Arbeitsfluidkreislauf(19) point fire Kondensator(31 years old) Abwarmeruckgewinnungssystem in the Arbeitsfluidkuhlkreislauf (31 years old) 34)(3) Connect Arbeitsfluidkuhlkreislauf (34) with Kuhlmittelkreislauf (20). At the same time, the aeration cycle (34) and the cooling tube cycle (20) are fitted with a coolant pump (20).
id-US10927712B2    abstract-The invention relates to a waste heat recovery system ( 3 ) for an internal combustion engine ( 1 ), having a working fluid circuit ( 19 ) with a condenser ( 31 ) that is also connected to a working fluid cooling circuit ( 34 ), and wherein the working fluid cooling circuit ( 34 ) has a cooler ( 35 ). The invention provides a waste heat recovery system ( 3 ) having a working fluid cooling circuit ( 34 ) which is improved in comparison to one design of a working fluid cooling circuit ( 34 ). This is achieved by the working fluid cooling circuit ( 34 ) having a cooler bypass ( 46 ). This configuration makes it generally possible for part of the coolant volume flow to be routed past the cooler ( 35 ). This is advantageous in particular at low temperatures since otherwise very low pressures arise in the working fluid cooling circuit ( 34 ).

id-US10094246B2    abstract-Methods and systems are provided for heating an engine and generating energy from a common waste heat recovery system. In one example, a method comprises, responsive to a first condition, expanding a working fluid of a waste heat recovery system via an expander to generate electricity, and responsive to a second condition, compressing the working fluid of the waste heat recovery system via the expander to transfer heat to an engine.

id-US11125139B2    abstract-An engine cooling system comprises an engine cooling circuit, comprising a first pump structured to circulate engine coolant fluid therethrough. A remote coolant radiator positioned along the engine cooling circuit downstream of the engine and outside of a vehicle cooling package area is structured to transfer heat from the engine coolant fluid to air. A coolant heat exchanger is positioned along the engine cooling circuit in parallel to the remote coolant radiator. A waste heat recovery system comprises a working fluid circuit comprising a second pump. The coolant heat exchanger is positioned along the working fluid circuit and is structured to transfer heat from the engine coolant fluid to the working fluid. An expander is structured to convert energy from the heat transferred to the working fluid from the engine cooling fluid to mechanical energy. A condenser positioned downstream of the expander is structured to cool the working fluid.

id-WO2018077963A1    abstract-The invention comprises a primary generator (10) comprising a main generator (7) and this includes a backup generator (9) comprising a gas turbine (25) launched by a jet engine and an electric subgenerator (26). To Brennstoffverbrauchs Wirkungsgrades, and in particular the realization of the reduction system, are hereby proposed that an Abgaskuhler (29 years old) at Abgasturbine(26) at the Abgasstrom end and subsequently ordered by the separator side (30 years old), an electric motor (21) at the separator side (30 years old) drive the separator Over there (30 years old) and Abgasturbine(26) the Prozessregelsystem(33) is in control. It has everything to do with the invention of the automobile.
id-US10344626B2    abstract-Disclosed herein is a hybrid power generation system. The hybrid power generation system may enhance efficiency of production of electricity and heating heat by integrating power generation using supercritical carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) and cogeneration.

id-US20180106177A1    abstract-An actuator includes a slider intended to actuate a gate, movable between first and second positions, and an urging member to apply an urging force to drive the slider towards a first position when a temperature of the urging member is greater than a predetermined value. The actuator includes an elastic member that applies on the slider a return force towards a second position. The return force is less than the urging force. The urging member is a helical member with shape memory, and is ductile when its temperature is less than the predetermined value, and is formed towards a predefined helical shape when its temperature is greater than the predetermined value.

id-US20180094546A1    abstract-This application provides a fast frequency response system for use with combined cycle power plants. Example systems may include a buffer vessel configured to store steam, a heat recovery steam generator configured to output a high pressure steam flow and a hot reheat steam flow, and a steam turbine configured to receive the high pressure steam flow and/or a reheat pressure steam flow. The buffer vessel may be configured to receive a portion of the high pressure steam flow and discharge steam.

id-JP6685880B2    abstract-

id-WO2018078715A1    abstract-[challenges] to provide a liquefied natural gas storage facility equipped with a submerged liquefied natural gas vaporization system (SMV) that can effectively utilize the exhaust heat of a gas engine. The natural gas storage equipment has a gas engine 3 that drives the generator 31 and USES SMV2 to vaporize liquefied natural gas. In SMV2, when liquefied natural gas is vaporized using engine exhaust gas of gas engine 3 and burner exhaust gas of burner 231, liquefied natural gas is determined based on pressure measurement results of product gas containing liquefied natural gas. The amount of engine exhaust gas and burner exhaust gas introduced into the water W in the tank 20 of SMV2 is adjusted according to the flow rate of s.
id-US10941721B2    abstract-Methods and systems are provided for exhaust heat recovery and EGR cooling via a single heat exchanger. In one example, a method may include selecting a specific mode of operation of an engine exhaust system with the heat exchanger based on engine operating conditions and an estimated fuel efficacy factor. The fuel efficiency factor may take into account fuel efficacy benefits from EGR and exhaust heat recovery.

id-US20180142634A1    abstract-An evaporative emissions (EVAP) system for a vehicle includes a waste heat control valve configured to direct an exhaust gas from an exhaust treatment system, the waste heat control valve being positioned at a point downstream from a catalyst of the exhaust treatment system, a vapor canister configured to store a fuel vapor evaporated from a liquid fuel housed in a fuel tank of the vehicle, and a heat exchanger connected to (i) the fuel tank, (ii) the waste heat control valve, and (iii) the vapor canister, the heat exchanger being configured to (a) utilize the exhaust waste heat to evaporate the fuel vapor from the liquid fuel and (b) provide the evaporated fuel vapor to the vapor canister. A method of operating the EVAP system includes controlling the waste heat control valve and a fuel pump to provide the vapor canister with a desired amount of fuel vapor.

id-US20180135503A1    abstract-A waste heat recovery (WHR) and coolant system with active coolant pressure control includes an engine cooling system, a WHR system, and a coolant pressure control system. A coolant heat exchanger positioned along each of the engine cooling and working fluid circuits, and is structured to transfer heat from the coolant fluid to the working fluid. The coolant pressure control system includes a pressure line operatively coupled to an air brake system and to the coolant tank. A valve is coupled to the pressure line upstream of the coolant tank. A coolant pressure controller is in operative communication with each of the valve, an air pressure sensor, and a coolant temperature sensor. The coolant pressure controller is structured to determine a target coolant pressure based on a coolant temperature and control a valve position of the valve so as to cause the air pressure to approach the target coolant pressure.

id-US20180149112A1    abstract-A heat exchanger for a motor vehicle may include an outer pipe through which hot gas may flow, the outer pipe extending along a longitudinal direction, defining an outer pipe interior, and including two outer pipe walls in a cross section perpendicular to the longitudinal direction. The heat exchanger may also include an inner pipe arranged in the outer pipe interior, the inner pipe extending along the longitudinal direction, being closed on a first longitudinal end, defining an inner pipe interior, and including two inner pipe walls in the cross section. The inner pipe walls may include a plurality of apertures by which the inner and outer pipe interiors may communicate fluidically. The heat exchanger may further have a plurality of thermoelectric modules arranged on an outer side of the outer pipe walls, each having a hot side facing the outer pipe and a cold side facing away from the outer pipe, and at least one coolant pipe through which a coolant may flow and which is arranged on the cold side of at least one thermoelectric module.

id-US20180142649A1    abstract-A water vapor supply apparatus for an internal combustion engine may include a vaporization tank in which water vapor is generated as water is vaporized by use of exhaust gas discharged from an internal combustion engine, and a water injection device that injects the water to the vaporization tank. The water vapor generated from the vaporization tank is supplied into an intake system of the internal combustion engine.

id-EP3318741A1    abstract-Described herein is a unit for conversion of thermal energy (1) designed in particular for installation along an exhaust-gas line (EGL) of a motor vehicle and configured for exchange and conversion of the thermal energy of the exhaust gases.

