id-WO2011089997A1    abstract-Heat recovery device that recovers heat by exchanging the heat medium with the exhaust heat of the internal combustion engine (1, 5), evaporator (60), which evaporates the organic fluid through heat exchange between the heat medium and the organic fluid, power turbine (62), which is driven by the organic fluid evaporated by the evaporator (60), and the rotating output of the power turbine (62). It is equipped with a generator (68) that generates electricity, a preheater (64) that preheats the organic fluid that passes through the power turbine (62) and flows into the evaporator, and a condenser (66) that condenses the organic fluid.
id-EP2357349B1    abstract-

id-US20130014504A1    abstract-The invention relates to a device ( 1 ) for converting waste heat of an internal combustion machine ( 2 ) into mechanical energy. The device comprises a piston machine ( 3 ) that converts the waste heat of the internal combustion machine ( 2 ) during an OCR process into mechanical energy which can be transmitted onto a shaft ( 7 ) driven by the internal combustion machine ( 2 ). Furthermore, a variable gear ( 6 ) is provided via which the piston machine ( 3 ) transmits the mechanical energy onto the shaft ( 7 ) of the internal combustion machine ( 2 ). The variable gear ( 6 ) translates an initial rotational speed of the piston machine ( 3 ) into a rotational speed of the shaft ( 7 ) driven by the internal combustion machine ( 2 ). In this way, the ORC process can be carried out in an optimal manner.

id-WO2011091501A1    abstract-An internal combustion engine powers a head pump to pump bitumen slurry from a well borehold. A storage tank stores the bitumen slurry at a location adjacent to a CHOPS site. Hot exhaust from the engine flows along an exhaust conduit and into an exhaust-to-glycol heat exchanger. The glycol is pumped in a recirculating circuit from the exhaust-to-glycol heat exchanger into and through a glycol-to-bitumen slurry heat exchanger to thereby heat the bitumen slurry in the storage tank. Cooled glycol is recirculated back through the exhaust-to-glycol heat exchanger. Engine coolant may be inter-mingled with the glycol flowing into the glycol-to-bitumen slurry heat exchanger. Alternatively, engine coolant is pumped through a second heat exchanger, an engine coolant-to-glycol in series with the exhaust-to-glycol heat exchanger, to boost the temperature of the glycol entering the slurry heat exchanger.

id-US20110185726A1    abstract-An energy separation and recovery system wherein exhaust heat from an automotive engine source which might otherwise be wasted is employed in conjunction with a heat exchanger and a super heater to generate steam in a substantially closed-loop system wherein the heat supply is an open system. The superheated steam is transmitted to an engine to generate power which may be used to supply electrical energy. The electrical energy may be employed external to the system or may be used to assist the motive engine in providing motive power to the vehicle. Stepped diameter tubing carries water, or other vaporizable fluids, through the heat exchanger into the super heater while simultaneously exposing the carried water or fluid to incrementally higher temperature heated gas. Variable bellows, attached operatively to end plates accommodate the differential expansion of the tubing. The energy generation system includes a control module to permit the generation of steam and electricity at such times as there is sufficient heat to permit the generation of superheated steam.      The energy separation and recovery system may, alternatively, be employed to provide the power to an engine or other device or may provide an energy source to an alternative power consumption device, such as a refrigeration unit on a vehicle or a cold plate system.

id-US20110185712A1    abstract-An energy separation and recovery system wherein energy forms which might otherwise be wasted are employed in conjunction with a heat exchanger and a super heater to generate steam in a substantially closed-loop system wherein the heat supply is an open system. The superheated steam is transmitted to an engine to generate power which may be used to supply electrical energy. The electrical energy may be employed external to the system. Stepped diameter tubing carries water, or other vaporizable fluids, through the heat exchanger into the super heater while simultaneously exposing the carried water or fluid to incrementally higher temperature heated gas. Variable bellows, attached operatively to end plates accommodate the differential expansion of the tubing. The energy generation system includes a control module to permit the generation of steam and electricity at such times as there is sufficient heat to permit the generation of superheated steam.      The energy separation and recovery system may, alternatively, be employed to provide the power to an engine or other device or may provide an energy source to an alternative power consumption device which does not result in the generation of power.

id-EP2551478B1    abstract-

id-JP5338731B2    abstract-

id-JP5338730B2    abstract-

id-JP5333659B2    abstract-

id-WO2011118348A1    abstract-A pump that inhales the working fluid through the intake passage and discharges the working fluid through the discharge passage, a heat exchanger that enables heat exchange between the working fluid discharged from the pump and the fluid from the exhaust heat source, and a working flow after heat exchange in the heat exchanger A compound fluid machine used in a Rankine cycle device is provided with a circuit consisting of a sequential connection of an expansion machine that outputs mechanical energy by expanding the body and a condenser that condenses the working fluid discharged from the expansion machine. A composite fluid machine is a rotating machine that functions as a generator or electric machine, and a housing with a rotating shaft part, an expansion machine part, a pump and a rotating shaft part in an integrated manner, and a storage unit for storing working fluid along the axial direction of the driving shaft part. It is equipped with an intake passage and a storage section between the pump and the expansion machine. The discharge channel is connected to the reservoir so that the working fluid discharged from the pump is discharged through the reservoir to the heat exchanger.
id-US20110232867A1    abstract-According to one aspect of the present disclosure, a method, system and technique for energy allocation is disclosed. The system includes: a filtration system configured to filter waste vegetable oil generated by a facility; an engine fueled with the filtered vegetable oil; and a generator driven by the engine to provide an alternating current (AC) power supply; and wherein exhaust heat generated by the engine is processed and allocated to the facility as an energy source.

id-JP2011202659A    abstract-[challenges] provision of an automobile waste heat recovery system that recovers and USES waste heat from automobiles. [solution] a waste heat recovery system for an automobile that is attached to an automobile with an exhaust device that discharging high temperature exhaust and USES the waste heat from the exhaust device to provide hot water. The heating unit (4), which is incorporated into the exhaust device of the vehicle to take out the fresh water from the raw water storage space and boil it with the waste heat of the exhaust flowing in the exhaust device to produce hot water, receives and stores the hot water produced by the heating unit. A hot water storage space (60) and a hot water supply unit for extracting hot water from the hot water storage space, and a second one-way valve (33) is assembled between the heating unit and the raw water storage space from the heating unit to the raw water storage space It is a waste heat recovery system for automobiles that is characterized by stopping the backflow. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US8646262B2    abstract-A unit ( 1, 1′ ) for recovering and converting thermal energy from the exhaust gases of an internal combustion engine ( 14 ) of a vehicle comprises a heat exchanger ( 2, 2′ ) to be traversed by exhaust gases flowing along a by-pass path ( 5,5′ ) branching out from an exhaust gas main line ( 4 ) of said internal combustion engine ( 14 ) and valve means ( 12 ) for controlling the flow of the exhaust gases through said path, said valve means ( 12 ) being driven by an actuator device ( 12 A). The by-pass path ( 5, 5 ′) is a U-shaped path defined entirely within the heat exchanger ( 2, 2′ ), starting from an inlet section ( 6, 6′ ) and ending at an outlet section of the heat exchanger, the inlet and outlet sections ( 7,7′ ) being located on a same side of the heat exchanger ( 2 ) and both opening on an interface conduit portion ( 3 ) interposed in said exhaust gas main line ( 4 ). The heat exchanger ( 2, 2′ ) is arranged so that said U-shaped path is oriented transversely to the direction of the exhaust gas main line ( 4 ), in such a manner that the exhaust gases traversing the heat exchanger flow firstly in the transverse direction away from the exhaust gas main line ( 4 ) and then back in the transverse direction towards the exhaust gas main line ( 4 ), The valve means ( 12 ) are arranged within said interface conduit portion ( 3 ), between merging points of the inlet and outlet portions ( 6,7 ) of the heat exchanger ( 2,2′ ).

id-WO2011136118A1    abstract-The company provides a waste heat recovery and power generation system that can use the exhaust heat from engine cooling water as the heat source of the organic Rankine cycle, which has a lower temperature level than the exhaust gas of internal combustion engine and a lower value of conventional use. Heat recovery path (7) and heat recovery cycle are used to recover heat from the jacket cooling water used to cool the cylinder jacket (2) of the diesel engine and the first air cooler (5) used to cool the compressed air discharged from the turbocharger of the diesel engine. The power turbine (32) is driven by the organic fluid vaporized by the evaporator (30) and the rotational output of the power turbine (32). It is equipped with a generator (38) that generates electricity and a condenser (36) that condenses the organic fluid passing through the power turbine (32).
id-WO2011128360A1    abstract-In the internal combustion engine (1) and a system (3) using electricity of the Clausius-Rankine-Kreisprozesses :(1) a Kuhlmittelkreislauf passes through the whole Kuhlmittelleitung (4) suffers from at least one missing (5) coolant :(1) as well as Kuhlmittels Kuhlmittelwarmeubertrager (7) is used as a coolant, with an Arbeitsmedium circulation line (13), especially the water, education system (.3)Arbeitsmediumpumpe(14) for promoting at least one Verd of Arbeitsmediums ampfer(15) when evaporated liquid Arbeitsmediums Expansionsmaschine(18), a Kondensator(19) dissolved dampfformigen Arbeitsmediums, while serving as Kondensatorwarmeubertrager Kondensator(19)(20) of Kuhlmittelkreislauf (4) in (1) is Verflussigung by integration The Arbeitsmediums Warmeubertragung refrigerant is similar to the Arbeitsmedium, preferably with a relay container for the liquid medium (21). The Klausemen screw cycle process produces high efficiency and is useful in equipment with simple internal combustion engines (1). The solution to this characteristic is that the cold disk hot turntable (20) enters the coolant water flow direction (4), especially immediately after the cold disk hot turntable (7).
id-US20110256052A1    abstract-A system and method for producing a hydrogen fuel gas is provided. In particular, a hydrogen fuel product is produced from steam exposed to a heated catalyst, wherein at least a portion of the hydrogen fuel product produced is used in the system.

id-WO2011125064A1    abstract-In Implosion Enabled Engine (IEE-X) is described herein. The IEE-X comprises at least one engine cylinder, and a piston movable in the engine cylinder. The engine cylinder comprises at least one inlet port provided on both sides of the piston for drawing in an inlet gas comprising a mixture of substantially pure hydrogen (H 2 ) gas and substantially pure oxygen (O 2 ) gas inside the engine cylinder, an igniting means provided on the cylinder wall for igniting the inlet gas in the engine cylinder, thereby producing an implosion of the inlet gas inside the engine cylinder, and at least one exhaust port provided on both sides of the piston for drawing out the exhaust gas from the engine cylinder.

id-WO2011128773A1    abstract-An exhaust actuated free-piston kinetic engine timed in response to alternating pressurized exhausts from at least two power cylinders having power pistons connected to power output rods within and having exhaust ports in the cylinder walls at the end of their strokes that alternately exhausts spent working fluid from the power cylinders that alternately applies force to the opposite sides of an actuator piston of a moveable valve actuator assembly as the power pistons alternately pass the exhaust ports in order to continuously drive or shuttle the assembly back and forth in a reciprocating manner to control the flow of pressurized working fluid into and out of the engine to run the engine and a suitable power take off means to produce power.

id-WO2011141114A1    abstract-The present invention relates to setting up an internal combustion engine (27) whose electric power (28)(27)antreibbar is a kind of heating (1) with Brennkammer(4) capability, by burning the Brennstoffs in a Warmeubertragungsmedium erwarmbar is selected by a Brennkammer (4) nachgeschalteten heat source (6, 7 Brennkammer), (4) erwarmten Warmeubertragungsmedium durchstrombar, in which an exhaust port (30) of the internal combustion engine is connected with the first heat exchanger (6,7),
id-EP2385224A2    abstract-The invention relates to a motor production device (1), which carries a generator (2) for generating electricity. You see, the emissions from an internal combustion engine (1) flow at least in part into a turbine generator (5. 6), which also produces electricity. Powered by an internal combustion engine (1) and/or a turbocharger (5.
id-EP2402567B1    abstract-

id-US9027346B2    abstract-The present invention relates to a combustion engine system having a balance arm, first and second sets of opposed combustion cylinders, and a set of opposed worked devices. The balance arm has a pivot point, and is configured so that an exploitable energy is taken from a kinetic energy of the balance arm. The first set of working combustion cylinders being interconnected by a common first piston rod that is connected to the balance arm. The second set of working combustion cylinders being interconnected by a common second piston rod that is connected to the balance arm so that the pivot point is between the first and second piston rods. The worked devices are interconnected by a common worked piston rod that is connected to the balance arm so that the worked devices are between the first and second sets of combustion cylinders.

id-US20170241320A1    abstract-An exhaust gas heat recovery system may include a housing, a valve member, and a heat exchanger. The housing may include an inlet, an outlet, a first exhaust gas pathway in communication with the inlet and outlet, and a second exhaust gas pathway in communication with the inlet and outlet. The valve member may be disposed within the housing and may be movable between first and second positions. In the first position, the valve member may allow fluid flow through the first exhaust gas pathway and substantially prevent fluid flow through the second exhaust gas pathway. In the second position, the valve member may allow fluid flow through the second exhaust gas pathway. The heat exchanger may be in communication with the second exhaust gas pathway and may include a conduit containing a fluid in thermal communication with exhaust gas when the valve member is in the second position.

id-US10066512B2    abstract-The application relates to a system for using the waste heat of an internal combustion engine through the Clausius-Rankine cycle. Such system prevents operating medium from the Clausius-Rankine cycle from leaking into combustion air or exhaust air. The system has a first flow channel formed by at least one first limiting component and a second flow channel formed by at least one second limiting component. The system has a fluid-conducting connection to the surroundings or to a receiving chamber from the first limiting component and preferably from the second limiting component, so that in the event of a leak the operating medium is conducted into the surroundings or into the receiving chamber.

id-US9051852B2    abstract-A system for utilizing waste heat of an internal combustion engine via the Clausius-Rankine cycle process is provided that includes a circuit with lines containing a working medium, an evaporator heat exchanger which serves for evaporating the liquid working medium using waste heat of the internal combustion engine and which has an inlet opening for conducting the working medium into a flow duct and an outlet opening for conducting the working medium out of the flow duct, and the flow duct is divided into a plurality of flow duct parts connected hydraulically in parallel, an expansion machine, a condenser for liquefying the vaporous working medium, a collecting and compensating vessel for the liquid working medium, it is sought to be able to change the working medium substantially completely from a liquid state of aggregation to a gaseous state of aggregation at an evaporator heat exchanger.

id-US9080658B2    abstract-An electromagnetic clutch (4) which serves for connecting a steam engine (2) to a combustion engine (3), wherein a first shaft (8) which can be driven by the steam engine (2) and a second shaft (9) which can be driven by the internal combustion engine (3) are provided, wherein an intermediate gear (23) which is connected to the first shaft (8) and a clutch bell (26) which is at least indirectly connected to the second shaft (9) are provided, wherein a freewheel (27) is provided between the intermediate gear (23) and the clutch bell (26).

id-WO2012011067A1    abstract-The system (100) is associated to an engine (M), in which, in predetermined use conditions, at least a cylinder (C2) functions permanently in a combustion regime, while at least a remaining bivalent cylinder (C1) is converted to a steam functioning cycle, preventing both air and fuel from inflow, and injecting steam produced by a plant (3) in phase relation with the compression run of the relative piston (11). The system is managed by electronic organs (60) which interface with the electronic control boards of the engine (M) and provides both for activation and for automatic exclusion of the system (100), respectively when the following above predetermined use conditions occur, or not; in the mentioned conditions, the use of the system (100) reduces the consumption and pollutant emissions of the engine.

id-WO2012013471A1    abstract-Kolbenmaschine(1), especially those who went to Abwarmenutzung Brennkraftmaschinen while worshiping, included at least one Zylinderbohrung Zylinderbohrung(6),(6) control Zylinderkolben Zylinderbohrung(8), (6) an Arbeitsraum(10) is restricted by using a rod Zylinderkolben(8)(9) from Zylinderbohrung(6) in a leading Kurbelraum (12). In addition, it is also planned to be equipped with pad packing (21, 22) and through packing (23, 24). Pass through the steel bar (9) through the blocking door (23, 24)(21,22). The component is a washer between the cylindrical bore hole (6) and the crank chamber (12). One result of this is the separation of the gas flow driven by the office (10) and the lubricating oil filled in the classroom (12).
id-WO2012013470A1    abstract-Kolbenmaschine:(1) antreibbar is worshipped by a Dampfkraftprozess, especially by using an electric Brennkraftmaschine, including at least one Zylinderbohrung Zylinderbohrung(4),(4) control Zylinderkolben(5), using a rod Zylinderkolben(5), (20). The rod (No. 20) is lined up by the cylindrical heads (No. 4). This is limited to Zylinderkolben Zylinderbohrung(5)(4) On the one hand, the original Arbeitsraum(9) on the other hand, the second Arbeitsraum(10), where one of the completely new (22) ideas in Kurbelwellenraum(21) is the root of the crankshaft, while (20) and one in Kurbel The wellenraum(21) control Kurbelschleife rod (23) is linked simultaneously (20) with Kurbelschleife(23) and brand New (22). Crankshaft in Wirkverbindung Therefore, when building piston machine (1),
id-JP5505506B2    abstract-

id-WO2012026432A1    abstract-This is a Marine denitration system that can supply energy to an ammonia generator that produces ammonia for denitration. Electric power is supplied from the onboard power system 30 by an ammonia generator (2), the SCR catalyst (4) for nox removal, and the exhaust gas energy from the main engine (3) to generate electricity and supply electricity to the onboard power system 30. Lid exhaust turbine supercharger and power generation operation to supply power to the power system 30 in the ship will be possible, and the shaft generator motor (13) that is driven by the power supplied from the power system 30 in the ship to add the propeller shaft (10) The unit is equipped with a power management system (72) to control the power supply and output to the shaft generator motor (13).
id-WO2012025672A1    abstract-A gas supply device to a thermal combustion machine comprising a water electrolysis device (40) fed with water through a water supply circuit (300) and producing an output of dihydrogen and dioxide-enriched gas for introduction into the engine, The electrolysis device comprising at least two electrodes connected to an electric generator (35) which belongs to an electromechanical converter (50) adapted to convert into electrical energy the energy of a stream of water vapour circulating in the water supply circuit. Alternatively, part of the oxygen produced by the electrolysis device is reintroduced into the exhaust line.
id-EP2436976B1    abstract-

id-EP2615264B1    abstract-

id-EP2436888A1    abstract-A Rankine cycle system (101) mounted on a vehicle has a Rankine cycle circuit (100) through which working fluid circulates, a power generator, a power storage and a controller. The Rankine cycle circuit includes a fluid expansion device (114), a fluid transferring device (111), first and second passages (1,2), a heater (112,113), a cooling device (115), a bypass passage (3) and a flow regulating valve (120). The bypass passage connects the first passage to the second passage. The flow regulating valve is provided in the bypass passage for opening and closing the bypass passage. The power generator (116) converts the work generated by the fluid expansion device into electric power. The controller (119) monitors charge rate of the electric power charged in the power storage and controls an operation of the flow regulating valve based on the monitored charge rate. The controller causes the flow regulating valve to be opened when the monitored charge rate is greater than a predetermined value.

id-WO2012039225A1    abstract-A Rankine cycle device comprising a waste heat source, a working fluid circuit and a limiting part is disclosed. A working fluid circuit consists of sequential connections between a pump, a heat exchanger, an expander, and a condenser. The pump pumps the working fluid. The heat exchanger exchanges the working fluid pumped from the pump with the waste heat from the waste heat source. The heat exchanger expands the working fluid that is heated by the heat exchanger to produce mechanical energy. The condenser condenses the expanded working fluid in the expander. Based on the temperature information detected at the pump inlet or at the expander inlet, the limiting part limits the amount of heat received by the working fluid between the pump outlet and the expander inlet on the working fluid circuit.
id-JP5907493B2    abstract-

id-WO2012051796A1    abstract-

id-JP2012087691A    abstract-[problem] we provide a ventilation outlet structure of a cogeneration device that has a simple structure, reduces the number of parts, and eliminates large space. The ventilation outlet part 60 of the power generation unit housing the power generation unit composed of the generator and the engine (internal combustion engine) is placed inside the sound insulation material 50 (first to fourth sound insulation materials 50a, 50b, 50c, etc.) 50d) is attached to the maintenance box (box shape member) 44, and the entrance hole 52 connected in the power generation unit shell is provided above the maintenance box 52, and the passage 54 formed between the sound insulation material 50 at the lower position An outlet hole 56 is set to connect the inlet hole 52 to the outside through the outlet hole 56, and a rectifier 64 is set near the outlet hole 56 to guide the rainwater entering from the outside to the upper position, and a blocking material (the third sound insulation material 50c) to prevent the flow of rainwater into the passage 54. Set up. Selection diagram: figure 9
id-JP2014504345A    abstract-The invention relates to a waste heat recovery device and its process used in conjunction with an internal combustion engine including a thermoelectric device. The thermoelectric process is connected to the components of the internal combustion engine so that heat is transferred between the components, and electrical energy is generated from the heat that is extracted from the components that require cooling, and electrical energy is converted into thermal energy. Heat energy is transferred to each component that needs to be transformed and heated. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-EP2639440B1    abstract-

id-US9341087B2    abstract-An arrangement and a method for converting thermal energy to mechanical energy. The arrangement has a line circuit ( 3 ), circulation device ( 4 ) for circulating a zeotropic refrigerant mixture in the line circuit ( 3 ), an evaporator ( 6 ) in which the refrigerant mixture is vaporized by a heat source ( 7 ), a turbine ( 9 ) driven by the vaporized refrigerant mixture, and a condenser ( 12 ) which cools the refrigerant mixture so that it condenses. A control unit assesses whether the refrigerant mixture does not become fully vaporized in the evaporator ( 6 ) and, leads incompletely vaporized refrigerant mixture leaving the evaporator to a separating device ( 14 ) in which a liquid portion of the refrigerant mixture is separated from the gaseous portion, after which only the gaseous portion proceeds towards the turbine ( 9 ).

id-US20130067905A1    abstract-A heat exchanger for an engine is disclosed. The heat exchanger includes a vortex tube and a gas return path. Expansion media tubes, which have a working fluid therein, are located between the vortex tube and the gas return path. Hot gases in the vortex tube, along with warm gases in the return path, heat the working fluid. In one embodiment, the working fluid, is delivered to a cylinder in which it expands, so as to move a piston. In one embodiment, the working fluid is fuel. In one embodiment, after the working fluid expands in the cylinder, it is recovered and burned in a combustion chamber, which is in, fluid communication with the vortex tube. In one embodiment, the working fluid is water.

id-WO2012059309A3    abstract-Thermoelektrisches plugin (1)aufweisend Innenumfangsflache (2) an axis Aussenumfangsflache (3) and (4), and an axis toward the Earth between and (3) Aussenumfangsflache Innenumfangsflache (2) and (4) most Halbleiterelementen(5)(6) ordered with thermoelektrischem material and electrowechselweise about using solid elements (5) at least partially with internal lines (7) or internal lines (8), or at least an internal line (7) in an internal version (2) or an internal line (8) forming an open part (4).
