id-US20210254581A1    abstract-Various disclosed embodiments include combined heating and power modules and combined heat and power devices. In an illustrative embodiment, a combined heat and power device includes a heating system including: at least one burner; at least one igniter configured to ignite the at least one burner; a fluid motivator assembly including an electrically powered prime mover; and a heat exchanger fluidly couplable to the fluid motivator assembly. At least one alkali metal thermal-to-electricity converter (AMTEC) has a high pressure zone and a low pressure zone, the high pressure zone being thermally couplable to the at least one burner, the low pressure zone being thermally couplable to the heat exchanger.

id-US20210351722A1    abstract-Various disclosed embodiments include combined heating and power modules and combined heat and power devices. In an illustrative embodiment, a combined heat and power device includes a heating system including: at least one burner; at least one igniter configured to ignite the at least one burner; a fluid motivator assembly including an electrically powered prime mover; and a heat exchanger fluidly couplable to the fluid motivator assembly. At least one alkali metal thermal-to-electricity converter (AMTEC) has a high pressure zone and a low pressure zone, the high pressure zone being thermally couplable to the at least one burner, the low pressure zone being thermally couplable to the heat exchanger.

id-WO2021163065A1    abstract-The invention relates generally to methods and apparatus for integration of renewable and conventional energy to enhance electric reliability and reduce fuel consumption and emissions via thermal energy storage.

id-US11015489B1    abstract-A waste heat recovery system for recovering rejected heat of an internal combustion engine includes a turbine expander. The turbine expander outputs power based on a working fluid and includes a turbine blade that is rotatable by the working fluid, a shaft that is coupled to and rotatable by the turbine blade and extends along a longitudinal axis, and a nozzle assembly for directing the working fluid to the turbine blade for rotating the turbine blade. The nozzle assembly includes a nozzle housing disposed about the shaft and adjacent the turbine blade, and a nozzle for accelerating the working fluid. The nozzle component defines a nozzle throat having a geometrical configuration. The waste heat recovery system further includes a passive control coupled to the nozzle component for directing the working fluid.

id-US20210302032A1    abstract-An equipment determination method of a cogeneration system includes the steps of: calculating a total hot water supply load for each day over a predetermined period longer than a specific period based on each unit hot water supply load for hour according to hot water supply use by consumers; setting as a representative period a specific period on which the total hot water supply load becomes at least a low load among the calculated total hot water supply load for each day; determining a capacity of the cogeneration equipment based on the total hot water supply load on the set representative period; and determining a capacity of the plurality of hot water storage tanks based on an amount of hot water supply load exceeding the capacity of the determined cogeneration equipment among each unit hot water supply load for two or more divided periods including the set representative period.

id-US20230117810A1    abstract-A waste heat recovery system for an engine system includes a first charge air cooler in communication with a working fluid path of the waste heat recovery system. The first charge air cooler includes a first waste heat recovery core and a first cooling fluid core. The first waste heat recovery core includes a first working fluid inlet configured to receive a working fluid from the working fluid path. The first working fluid conduit is coupled to the first working fluid inlet and a first working fluid outlet. The first cooling fluid core includes a first cooling fluid inlet in fluid communication with a cooling fluid source and a first cooling fluid conduit fluidly coupled to the first cooling fluid inlet and a first cooling fluid outlet. The first cooling fluid conduit is configured to direct cooling fluid from the first cooling fluid inlet to the first cooling fluid outlet.

id-WO2021208653A1    abstract-A high pressure thermal fluid brake and engine energy recovery system comprises a plurality of interconnected energy collection systems (1) and energy storage systems (2), and a control unit (19) connected with the energy collection system (1) and the energy storage system (2), and the control unit (19) is connected with a vehicle controller, At least read and collect the vehicle's accelerator pedal position information, brake pedal position information, vehicle travel parameters and cooling system parameters; The energy collection system (1) recovers vehicle kinetic energy, engine mechanical energy and engine thermal energy and stores the recovered energy in the energy storage system (2), and the control unit (19) controls the energy recovery and release of the energy collection system (1) and the energy storage system (2) according to the vehicle information read and collected; It can effectively recover the vehicle braking energy, engine idle energy and engine heat energy and reuse it, reduce the energy waste of the vehicle system to achieve the purpose of energy saving, fuel saving and emission reduction.
id-EP3901535A1    abstract-An efficient heat exchange device is presented, which utilizes heat sources at different temperature levels and provides effective heat at a given temperature level. The thermal energy that may be generated in the discharge stream (26) can be controlled by using a similar type of aspirator consisting of a generator (G1), a condenser (1), an adsorbent (A0), and a vaporizer (E0). The high temperature in the bulkhead (26) is utilized and the heating system (G1) is responsible for tracking the bulkhead. The heat generated by this set of mixtures is to further cool the exhaust gas (26), especially the heat generated by the tobacco bag. When cooling the exhaust gas in paragraph 2 (26), it is cooled by another thermal condensate (W2). By section 2(2) (2), the evaporator (E0) and the thermal evaporator (wco) designed to expel the smoke condensate are connected together by a hydraulic cycle (28). The heat absorbed by the generator (G1) and carburetor (E0) is provided by the coagulator (1) and the adsorbent (A0). The heating fragment (G1) of the generator is selected to throw enough coolant to meet the required evaporative sprayer (E0) output. At this point, you should configure a switch suitable for checking the carburetor
id-US11371412B2    abstract-An exhaust heat recovery apparatus includes: a housing having a first exhaust passage and a second exhaust passage, an exhaust inlet fitting, and an exhaust outlet fitting; a heat exchanger disposed in the first exhaust passage; and a switching valve having a slide gate which is movable in a longitudinal direction of the housing so as to allow a flow of exhaust gases to be switched between the first exhaust passage and the second exhaust passage, wherein the first exhaust passage is parallel to the second exhaust passage, and the slide gate is movable between the first exhaust passage and the second exhaust passage.

id-WO2022011445A1    abstract-A combustion engine is disclosed that preferentially conducts the fuel heat release at the highest practically tolerable internal energy (applying to closed-cycle embodiments) or enthalpy (applying to steady-flow embodiments) states. One of several methods disclosed that achieves this objective is that the engine does not aspirate atmospheric air. Other methods disclosed exploit the intrinsic property of the choice of certain fuels and working gases to combust with lower exergy destruction than others. A method is also provided for reducing combustion chamber wall heat-transfer losses. All disclosed methods contribute to maximize the fuel or thermal efficiency of said combustion engine by systematically minimizing the total exergy destruction from the fuel resource in the combustion process and due to wall heat transfer losses, and then maximally exploit the resulting increased availability to extraction and conversion into useful work, electricity or other utile purposes.

id-US20220034250A1    abstract-A vehicle includes an internal combustion engine, a cooling loop, an exhaust system, and a thermosiphon. The cooling loop is configured to direct an engine coolant through the engine. The exhaust system is configured to direct exhaust gas away from the engine. The thermosiphon is configured to transfer heat from the exhaust gas to the engine coolant.

id-US20220056837A1    abstract-The present disclosure relates to a gas engine heat pump including: an engine which burns a mixed air of air and fuel; a first exhaust flow path which is connected to the engine so that exhaust gas discharged from the engine passes through and is discharged to the outside; a turbo charger including: a first compressor which compresses the mixed air and supplies to the engine, and a first turbine which is installed in the first exhaust flow path and receives the exhaust gas passing through the first exhaust flow path to drive the first compressor; a supercharger which is installed in the first exhaust flow path between the engine and the first turbine, and receives and compresses the exhaust gas passing through the first exhaust flow path to supply to the first turbine; a second exhaust flow path which is branched from the first exhaust flow path between the engine and the supercharger, and converges to the first exhaust flow path between the supercharger and the first turbine; a first valve which is installed to be opened and closed in the second exhaust flow path; a third exhaust flow path which is branched from the first exhaust flow path between the supercharger and the first turbine, and converges to the first exhaust flow path in downstream of the first turbine; a second valve which is installed to be opened and closed in the third exhaust flow path; and a controller which controls operations of the first valve, the second valve, and the supercharger according to load of the engine.

id-EP3967594A1    abstract-The ship is fully equipped with at least one Antriebsmotor as a training engine and at least one Warmespeicher entity is transferred from the warm Abgas Antriebsmotors in Warmespeicher organizations and entities make proposals for the further use of the heat stored in Warmespeicher ships outside the country or another place.
id-US20230031511A1    abstract-Aircraft power plants including combustion engines, and associated methods for recuperating waste heat from such aircraft power plants are described. A method includes transferring the heat rejected by the internal combustion engine to supercritical CO 2  (sCO 2 ) used as a working fluid in a heat engine. The heat engine converts at least some the heat transferred to the sCO 2  to mechanical energy to perform useful work onboard the aircraft.

id-WO2022092427A1    abstract-The invention is made of a seawater supply part (110), a seawater supply part (120) which manufactures and supplies high concentration CO 2 absorption liquid, and the exhaust gas from the ship engine (10) reacts with seawater supplied from the seawater supply part (110) for cooling, An absorption tower (130) formed with a CO 2 removal unit (131) that removes CO 2 by reacting the cooled exhaust gas with the absorption solution from the absorption solution making unit (120) to convert CO 2 into ammonium salt aqueous solution, The absorption solution regenerating unit (140), which takes the ammonium chloride solution discharged from the absorption tower (130) as 2 reacts with the metal hydroxide solution to regenerate the absorption solution and NH 3 to circulate to the absorption tower (130) for reuse as the absorption solution, Excreted and absorption tower (13) from the bottom of ammonium salts absorb some U.S. reaction absorption and aqueous fluid circulation line (A) absorption through circulate as the top of the tower (13) the absorption of fluid circulation (15), including ammonium salts aqueous fraction convert carbonates and residual absorption reaction fluid absorption tower (13) CO 2 absorption down cycle, can maintain, Launch of greenhouse gas emission reduction devices on ships.
id-WO2022092428A1    abstract-The invention is made of a seawater supply part (110), a seawater supply part (120) which manufactures and supplies high concentration CO 2 absorption liquid, and the exhaust gas from the ship engine (10) reacts with seawater supplied from the seawater supply part (110) for cooling, The emission and absorption cooling fluid manufacturing wealth ($12) react to absorb fluid from CO 2 CO by toggling back and forth to ammonium salts aqueous solution of CO 2 removal (removing 131 formed), absorption tower, absorption tower (13), (13) excreted from ammonium salts aqueous 2 metal hydroxide react and absorbs aqueous 1 1 playing play cars (14) and, U.S. response from the 1st playback component (14) ammonium salts in aqueous solution 2 metal hydroxide react to absorb higher concentration aqueous play two car and absorption tower in (13), circulation supply to absorb fluid to reuse the 2nd playback component (15) consisting of fluid absorption, regeneration, including wealth improves the recovery rate of absorption solution to maintain constant concentration of absorption and degradation, can prevent Launch of greenhouse gas emission reduction devices on ships.
id-WO2022080588A1    abstract-The invention is made of a seawater supply part (110), a seawater supply part (120) which manufactures and supplies high concentration CO 2 absorption liquid, and the exhaust gas from the ship engine (10) reacts with seawater supplied from the seawater supply part (110) for cooling, The emission and absorption cooling fluid manufacturing wealth ($12) react to absorb fluid from CO 2 CO by toggling back and forth to ammonium salts aqueous solution of CO 2 removal (removing 131) is formed (13), fluid absorption, absorption tower manufacturing absorption tower from (12) (13) to be supplied by controlling the concentration of absorption liquid absorption fluid concentration harness (14), And absorption tower (13) excreted from ammonium salts aqueous 2 metal hydroxide reacts with the liquid water absorption tower and regeneration by NH 3 (13) by regression with absorb acid, ammonia to reuse the playback component (15), including absorption to maintain constant concentration of fluid absorption performance, can prevent greenhouse gas emissions reduction device of ship launching.
id-EP4001599B1    abstract-

id-US11181035B1    abstract-An exhaust heat recovery system applied to an engine system includes a magnetic valve actuator that uses a resistive force against magnetic forces of magnetic elements to decrease a forward movement speed of a push rod made by a wax expansion force of wax that exchanges heat with a coolant passing through an internal space or to decrease a restoring movement speed of the push rod made by a wax contraction force of the wax, or that uses an additional force of the magnetic forces to increase the forward movement speed of the push rod or the restoring movement speed of the push rod.

id-US20220260037A1    abstract-Methods and apparatus for power generation and/or thermal management on a high speed flight vehicle include circulating a power generation loop working fluid through a power generation loop, which absorbs heat associated with the flight vehicle. A generator operably coupled to the power generation loop generates electrical power. Additionally, a heat transport loop working fluid may circulate through a heat transport loop to provide thermal management through heat transfer.

id-US20220154669A1    abstract-An air conditioning system includes a compressor and a refrigerant line. A power generating unit may be disposed along the refrigerant line to generate power from the heat in the refrigerant line while helping to convert hot compressed refrigerant gas into a hot high-pressure refrigerant liquid. An air conditioning system may also involve using a cooling chamber to use refrigerant to cool a heat exchange medium which is then used in a cooling coil to condition air.

id-EP3995673A1    abstract-The invention utilizes a method (100) for obtaining energy from a thermal sensor and a device (100) for obtaining energy from a thermal sensing medium, enabling the energy from the thermal sensing medium to be recovered and enabling the energy to be used for any other process (88). At the same time, the recycling process is the most efficient and inexpensive.
