id-WO2022152006A1    abstract-The invention provides a dual-fuel gas-steam combined cycle power device, belonging to the technical field of thermodynamics and thermodynamics. An external low-grade fuel passage is connected to the air heating furnace, an external air passage is connected to the air heating furnace through the heat source regenerator, the air heating furnace is connected to the gas passage through the heat source regenerator, the external high-grade fuel passage is connected to the combustion chamber, the external air passage is connected to the combustion chamber through the second compressor and the air heating furnace. The combustion chamber is connected externally through the gas turbine, high temperature heat exchanger and evaporator; The condenser is connected with the high temperature heat exchanger through the booster pump and the evaporator, and the compressor is connected with the high temperature heat exchanger. The high temperature heat exchanger is connected with the steam turbine, and the steam turbine is connected with the low pressure steam channel through the evaporator. The condenser has a cooling medium channel connecting to the outside, the steam turbine is connected to the compressor and transmits power, and the gas turbine is connected to the second compressor and transmits power, forming a dual-fuel gas-steam combined cycle power plant.
id-EP4047199A1    abstract-Created involves Kraftstoffversorgungseinrichtung Verbrennungskraftmaschine anger Kraftstoffs comprehensive set: a a Primarkraftstoff Kraftstoffspeicher operation Es and at least two parallel Kraftstoffzufuhrungspfade Kraftstoffspeicher on one hand and the other related to Verbrennungskraftmaschine through Primarkraftstoff at the same time The first Kraftstoffspeicher in Kraftstoffzufuhrungspfad Verbrennungskraftmaschine and combustion, and the second zufuhrbar is at least one Reformierungsvorrichtung Kraftstoffzufuhrungspfad symptoms, from Kraftstofftank Zugefuhrten Primarkraftstoff a Sekundarkraftstoff reform, and increased at least part of the resulting Sekundarkraftstoffes Verbrennungskraftmaschine and burning kitchen
id-JP2022123697A    abstract-[problem] we provide a supercharging system that can increase the freedom of layout of exhaust pipe and intake pipe. Solution: a supercharging system (10) installed in a vehicle equipped with an engine (3) as an internal combustion engine and a power storage unit (8) capable of charging and discharging. In the supercharging system (10), the exhaust turbine (13) that generates power by receiving the exhaust of the engine, the electric intake compressor (14) that sends compressed intake air to the engine, and the power generated by the exhaust turbine can be stored in the power storage section. The exhaust turbine and at least one of the intake compressors are axial flow type. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20220259992A1    abstract-Methods and systems are provided for controlling engine oil dilution in automotive vehicles. The method comprises heating coolant by operating an exhaust gas heat recovery device and circulating the heated coolant via a first coolant loop between the exhaust gas heat recovery device and a heat exchanger; and heating coolant by operating an exhaust gas recirculation cooler and circulating the heated coolant via a second coolant loop between the exhaust gas recirculation cooler and the heat exchanger, wherein the heated coolant from both the exhaust gas heat recovery device and the exhaust gas recirculation cooler mix at the heat exchanger and allows heating of an engine oil via the heat exchanger. In one example, the method prevents excessive accumulation of water and/or fuel in the engine oil.

id-EP4043704A1    abstract-The invention relates to a cooling device (1) for a vehicle, the cooling device (1) comprising at least one thermoacoustic converter (8) configured to convert waste heat (10) from at least one first component (2) of the vehicle into at least one acoustic waves (9) and to provide the acoustic waves (9). The cooling device (1) further comprises at least one thermoacoustic heat pump (11) configured to receive the acoustic waves (9) and to use the received acoustic waves (9) to cool at least one cooling fluid (12) for cooling at least one second component (6) of the vehicle.

id-WO2022203626A1    abstract-It relates to at least one heat recovery system (30) that can allow the waste heat emitted to the environment from a engine (10) that can move a vehicle (1) to be taken and made available again, thereby increasing the efficiency and comfort of the vehicles. The novelty of the invention is that it is characterized in that it comprises at least one heat exchanger (31) capable of transferring heat from a first fluid heated by the engine (10) to at least one second fluid, at least one turbine (32) capable of obtaining motion energy from the second fluid pressurized by heating in said heat exchanger (31), at least one condenser (33) capable of discharging the heat of the second fluid exiting said turbine (32) and transferring it back to the heat exchanger, and at least one alternator (40) capable of converting the motion energy obtained from the turbine (32) into electrical energy.

id-US11680541B2    abstract-Systems and generating power in an organic Rankine cycle (ORC) operation to supply electrical power. In embodiments, an inlet temperature of a flow of gas from a source to an ORC unit may be determined. The source may connect to a main pipeline. The main pipeline may connect to a supply pipeline. The supply pipeline may connect to the ORC unit thereby to allow gas to flow from the source to the ORC unit. Heat from the flow of gas may cause the ORC unit to generate electrical power. The outlet temperature of the flow of the gas from the ORC unit to a return pipe may be determined. A bypass valve, positioned on a bypass pipeline connecting the supply pipeline to the return pipeline, may be adjusted to a position sufficient to maintain temperature of the flow of gas above a threshold based on the inlet and outlet temperature.

id-US20230078167A1    abstract-Systems and generating power in an organic Rankine cycle (ORC) operation to supply electrical power. In embodiments, an inlet temperature of a flow of gas from a source to an ORC unit may be determined. The source may connect to a main pipeline. The main pipeline may connect to a supply pipeline. The supply pipeline may connect to the ORC unit thereby to allow gas to flow from the source to the ORC unit. Heat from the flow of gas may cause the ORC unit to generate electrical power. The outlet temperature of the flow of the gas from the ORC unit to a return pipe may be determined. A flow of working fluid may be adjusted to a percentage sufficient to maintain temperature of the flow of compressed gas within the selected operating temperature range.

id-US20220316425A1    abstract-A waste heat recovery system comprising a thermal circuit. The thermal circuit includes a boiler and an expander fluidly coupled to the boiler. The thermal circuit further includes a power transfer system integrated to the expander. The power transfer system is configured to receive mechanical energy from the expander. The thermal circuit further includes an ejector fluidly coupled to the boiler and to the power transfer system. The ejector is configured to receive a motive flow of working fluid from the boiler. The ejector is further configured to receive a suction flow of working fluid from the power transfer system. The ejector is further configured to combine the motive flow of working fluid and the suction flow of working fluid.

id-US11339712B1    abstract-A bottoming cycle power system includes a turbine generator and an open cycle absorption system. The turbine-generator includes a turbo-expander and turbo-compressor disposed on a turbo-crankshaft. The turbo-expander is operable to rotate the turbo-crankshaft as a flow of exhaust gas from a combustion process passes through the turbo-expander. The turbo-compressor is operable to compress the flow of exhaust gas after the exhaust gas passes through the turbo-expander. The open cycle absorption chiller system includes an absorber section that is operable to receive the flow of exhaust gas from the turbo-expander. The absorber section includes a first refrigerant solution that is operable to absorb water from the exhaust gas as the exhaust gas passes through the first refrigerant solution. The absorber section is also operable to route the flow of exhaust gas to the turbo-compressor after the flow of exhaust gas has passed through the first refrigerant solution.

id-US20220412230A1    abstract-A bottoming cycle power system includes a turbo-expander operable to rotate a turbo-crankshaft as a flow of exhaust gas from a combustion process passes through the turbo-expander. A turbo-compressor is operable to compress the flow of exhaust gas after the exhaust gas passes through the turbo-expander. An open cycle absorption chiller system includes an absorber section operable to receive the flow of exhaust gas from the turbo-expander and to mix the flow of exhaust gas with a first refrigerant solution within the absorber section. The first refrigerant solution is operable to absorb water from the exhaust gas as the exhaust gas passes through the first refrigerant solution. The absorber section is operable to route the flow of exhaust gas to the turbo-compressor after the flow of exhaust gas has passed through the first refrigerant solution.

id-WO2023282869A1    abstract-The present invention relates to an air-conditioning system (10) for providing changing of the air conditions of the medium by transforming a fluid (30), which is in the first phase and connected to a vehicle motor (20), into a second phase during the movement of said fluid (30) along a closed cycle in a manner receiving the waste heat formed by means of said vehicle motor (20). Accordingly, the subject matter air-conditioning system (10) comprises a pressure changing unit (100) for providing balancing of the pressure of said fluid (30) which is in the first phase, a first state changing unit (200) for providing condensing of the fluid (30) which is in the first phase and which exits said pressure changing unit (100) and for providing passage of said fluid (30) to the second phase, and a second state changing unit (300) for providing evaporating of the fluid (30) which is in the second phase and which exits said first state changing unit (200) and for providing transforming of the fluid (30) into the first phase again.

id-WO2023282871A1    abstract-The present invention relates to an energy production system (10) for providing production of energy from the waste heat depending on the pressure difference in at least one pressure changing unit (100) which balances the pressure of a fluid (20) which moves, in order to receive the waste heat which occurs as a result of operation of a vehicle motor (30) and in order to use said waste heat in a cooling cycle. Accordingly, the subject matter energy production system (10) comprises at least one movement provider (110) which at least partially moves for providing balancing of the pressure of said fluid (20) and at least one part of which is made of conductor material, and at least one magnetic field generator (200) where the movement provider (110) stays inside the magnetic field for providing production of energy depending on the movement of said movement provider (110).

id-US20230059636A1    abstract-Systems and methods are disclosed that can include operating a first rig component at a first location, capturing waste energy from the first rig component at the first location, and redirecting the waste energy to another rig component, another location, or a combination thereof. A method of operating a drilling rig can include operations of determining a power usage profile for a rig based on a digital rig plan; predicting waste energy to be generated during execution of the digital rig plan; and modifying the power usage profile for the rig and the digital rig plan based on the predicted waste energy.

id-US20230146332A1    abstract-A turbocharged compressor system using an Organic Rankine Cycle system to recover waste heat from a compression process. The Organic Rankine Cycle system circulates an organic fluid through an evaporator, where the organic fluid vaporizes and is expanded in a turbine section of a turbocharger to drive a compressor section of the turbocharger. The organic fluid vapor is condensed in a condenser and is pumped to the evaporator once again for recirculation. The compressor section of the turbocharger pre-compresses a working fluid before entering an airend in a compression system. As the working fluid exits the airend, it may be delivered to the evaporator, where the waste heat from the working fluid evaporates the organic fluid flowing in the Organic Rankine Cycle system. The working fluid may also be circulated between intercoolers in multi-stage compressor systems.

id-US20230167761A1    abstract-An injection structure using integrated exhaust heat recovery system (EHRS) condensate, the structure including an integrated heat exchange part connected to an engine of a vehicle and branched from an exhaust outlet of an exhaust manifold to integrate exhaust gas recirculation (EGR) and EHRS, a condensate circuit part extended from a rear end of the integrated heat exchange part to the engine of the vehicle and configured to move exhaust gas condensate, a three-phase valve configured to open and close so that a low-temperature coolant is selectively introduced into the integrated heat exchange part according to operating conditions, an EGR valve configured to open and close so that EGR gas with filtered condensate flows into the engine of the vehicle, a bypass valve fluidly connected to an exhaust muffler, and a controller configured to control opening and closing of the three-phase valve, the EGR valve, and the bypass valve according to the operating conditions.

