id-US10926217B2    abstract-A ship desulfurization device for desulfurizing exhaust gas discharged from an exhaust gas generation device mounted to a ship includes: an absorber including an absorber body unit defining an interior space having a longitudinal direction and having an exhaust gas introducing port formed on an end portion of the absorber body unit with respect to the longitudinal direction, the exhaust gas introducing port being in communication with the interior space; and an exhaust gas introducing device for introducing exhaust gas discharged from the exhaust gas generation device to the absorber body unit. When L is a maximum length of the interior space of the absorber body unit with respect to the longitudinal direction, and W is a maximum width of the interior space of the absorber body unit with respect to a lateral direction that is orthogonal to the longitudinal direction, a ratio (W:L) of the maximum width W to the maximum length L is within a range of 1:over 1.1 and 1:6.0 or under 6.0.

id-US11162391B2    abstract-The heat cycle facility includes: a first vaporizer that vaporizes a first liquid heating medium by combusting fuel; a first motive power generator that generates motive power by using as a drive fluid a first gas heating medium obtained at the first vaporizer; a condenser that condenses the first gas heating medium discharged from the first motive power generator by heat-exchanging the first gas heating medium for a second liquid heating medium; a circulator that pressurizes the first liquid heating medium obtained at the condenser and supplies the pressurized first liquid heating medium to the first vaporizer; a second vaporizer that produces gaseous ammonia by heat-exchanging the second liquid heating medium for liquid ammonia; and a supplier that supplies the liquid ammonia to the second vaporizer.

id-US10384525B2    abstract-A system for power integration is provided. The system for power integration includes a planetary gear system with a ring gear, a sun gear and a carrier. A supercharger compressor is mechanically coupled to the ring gear, a secondary turbine is mechanically coupled to the sun gear, and a hybrid energy device is mechanically coupled to the carrier. The system is configured for an internal combustion engine (ICE) to be mechanically coupled to the hybrid energy device through the carrier and a first clutch, and a brake may be mechanically coupled to the supercharger compressor via a band brake or second clutch. The system integrates power between the supercharger compressor, secondary turbine, hybrid energy device and ICE such that enhanced fuel economy is provided.

id-US20180171870A1    abstract-An improved electrocatalytic system utilizes an Organic Rankine cycle system to take advantage of exhaust fume heat to convert a working fluid to steam used in a steam expander to generate electricity. The generated electricity is then used in electrolyzing water to produce hydrogen gases used as a supplemental fuel in an internal combustion (IC) engine. Thereby, the improved electrocatalytic system provides an efficient, less costly and retrofittable system for reducing harmful emissions and fossil fuel consumption in vehicles.

id-WO2018147766A1    abstract-The controlled turbocharging device of the internal combustion engine contains a turbocharger (1) including a turbine (2) and a compressor (3), whose output through the cooler (4) and throttle (5) is connected to the internal combustion engine inlet manifold (6), a catalyst (9) installed after the turbine (2) and before the heat exchanger (10), a steam turbine (15), whose intake is connected to the heat exchanger outlet (10) and whose output is connected to the condenser inlet (16), Whose output is connected to the entrance of the tank (18), pump (19) activated between the tank (18) and heat exchanger (10). The device also includes a separator (20) connected to the heat exchanger outlet (10), whose condensate outlet is connected to the container (18) and the vapour outlet through the non-return valve (21) is connected to the vapour battery (22), whose first outlet through the adjustable vapour valve (23) is connected to the steam turbine inlet (15) and the second exit through the non-return valve (17) is connected to the condenser inlet (16). The steam turbine (15) is located on a common shaft with a turbocharger (1). For turbocharged control, the device contains an information line (26) control unit (11) and a steam turbine control controller (25), which receive information signals from the sensor (27) accelerator and the sensors (12.28) temperature and pressure, which form the control signals for the throttle (5), the adjustable steam control (23) and the pump (15).
id-JP2018135841A    abstract-[challenges] the aim of this project is to provide a power generation system and a control method for the power generation system that can achieve optimal energy efficiency by load-sharing control without the need for a governor in the power turbine. Control the load sharing of the outputs of power turbine 7, steam turbine 9, power turbine control valve 33, steam turbine control valve 37, power turbine 7 and steam turbine 9, and set the target output of steam turbine 9. In the power generation system 100 including the load sharing control section 53 and the turbine control section 57, the turbine control section 57 includes the governor 59 for the governor control of the steam turbine adjusting valve 37 based on the target output of steam turbine 9, and the turbine control section 57 includes the steam generator The target output of power turbine 7 is calculated based on the target output and load capacity of bin 9. When power demand changes, the gain set based on the deviation between the target output of power turbine 7 and the actual output of power turbine 7 is set as the gain of power turbine 9. Multiply the operation speed of the control valve 33. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-EP3559433A4    abstract-

id-US10279676B2    abstract-A hybrid vehicle including one or more in-wheel motors, a power electronics supplying power to the one or more in-wheel motors, and a Rankine cycle system is described. The Rankine cycle system includes a pump driving a working fluid through the Rankine cycle system, a heat exchanger receiving the working fluid from to the pump and connected to the power electronics to cool the power electronics, an evaporator heating the working fluid received from the heat exchanger utilizing heat from an exhaust gas from an engine, an expander receiving the working fluid from the evaporator, and a radiator cooling the working fluid received from the expander.

id-US10358948B2    abstract-A thermal energy recovery device ( 1 ) includes a circulation passage ( 4 ) having an evaporator ( 10 ), an expander ( 14 ), a condenser ( 6 ), and pump ( 8 ), and a controller ( 18 ) controlling the rotational number of the pump ( 8 ). The expander ( 14 ) is driven upon introduction of a mixed medium of a working medium evaporated in the evaporator ( 10 ) and oil into the expander ( 14 ). The controller ( 18 ) can execute a thermal load control for controlling the rotational number of the pump ( 8 ) according to a thermal load in the evaporator ( 10 ) and an oil return control for driving the pump ( 8 ) at the rotational number higher than that of the pump ( 8 ) controlled by the thermal load control. The oil return control is executed if a preset oil accumulation condition regarding an accumulation degree of the oil that is separated from the working medium evaporated in the evaporator ( 10 ) is satisfied.

id-JP2018159375A    abstract-[challenges] provide a supercharged air cooling unit to ensure evaporation of working media passing through the heater. [solution] the supercharged air cooling unit consists of the evaporator part 5a, which evaporates the working medium through the supercharged air supplied from the supercharger to the engine, the expander, which inflows the vaporized working medium in the evaporator part 5a, and the power recovered from the expander A collector and a gas cooler 5b are provided for further cooling the supercharged air cooled by the evaporator part 5a. The width of the supercharged air flow path in the evaporator part 5a is formed larger than the width of the supercharged air flow path in the gas cooler part 5b. The level difference 322b is formed in the flow path S2 of the supercharged air in the evaporator part 5a. In the evaporator part 5a, the flow of the working medium in the first region 322c enlarged by the level difference 322b is propagated in the second region 322d in the evaporator part 5a. It is configured to be less than the flow of the passing working medium. Select diagram: figure 4
id-EP3375989A1    abstract-A waste heat recovery apparatus (1) includes an evaporator (10), an expander (18), a condenser (20), a liquid-phase refrigerant supply device (24), and a control device (70). The control device (70) is configured to control the liquid-phase refrigerant supply device (24) so as to bring the supply of a liquid-phase refrigerant by the liquid-phase refrigerant supply device (24) into a stopped state at least until an amount of the liquid-phase refrigerant stored in the evaporator (10) becomes equal to or lower than a predetermined low refrigerant amount, during operation of the internal combustion engine.

id-US20200109653A1    abstract-Electric energy generating device (1) for installation to an exhaust conduit (2) in which an exhaust gas (9) is flowing, comprising: —a thermoelectric generator (3) comprising a hot side (4) and a cold side (5), —at least one hot side heat transfer loop (6) comprising a fluid conduit circuit having a thermal fluid circulating therein, and where the fluid conduit circuit comprises: —a first in section (7) n thermal contact with the hot side (4), —a second section (8) adapted to be in thermal contact with the exhaust gas (9), —a third section (10) and a fourth section (11), wherein the third section (10) and the fourth section (11) each comprises at least one vibrational damping part (12), wherein each of the at least one vibrational damping part (12) comprises a heat resistant and flexible tube integrated into the third section (10) and the fourth section (11) of the fluid conduit circuit.

id-WO2018195631A1    abstract-The invention relates to a combined cycle heat engine, which consists of a unit running an Otto cycle being interconnected and integrated with another unit running a binary cycle of three isobaric processes and four adiabatic processes.
id-JP6894981B2    abstract-

id-WO2018195630A1    abstract-The invention relates to a combined cycle heat engine, which is formed by combining a unit running a diesel cycle with another unit running a binary cycle of three isothermal processes and four adiabatic processes.
id-WO2018200856A1    abstract-A method to increase the efficiency of a combined cooling heating and power (CCHP) system includes using an organic Rankine cycle generator to exploit CCHP and cooling system waste heat. The CCHP engine waste heat is transferred to the Rankine cycle via a heat exchanger, allowing sensible heat transfer from the engine to working fluid of the Rankine cycle via either convection of combustion exhaust gas internal energy and/or conduction of heat through engine support hardware via a first heat exchanger device. The cooling subsystem of said CCHP system is a vapor compression refrigeration (VCR) cycle. The waste heat from the VCR cycle is transferred from the working fluid of the VCR cycle to the working fluid of the Rankine cycle via convection through a second heat exchanger device.

id-WO2018195632A1    abstract-The invention relates to a combined cycle heat engine, which consists of a unit running an Otto cycle combined with another unit running a binary cycle of three isothermal processes and four adiabatic processes.
id-US20180298843A1    abstract-A waste-heat recovery system includes a main power unit, an auxiliary power unit and a transmission unit. The main power unit includes a main engine, a main output shaft that is driven by the main engine, and a heat pipe that is connected to the main engine. The auxiliary power unit includes a stirling engine that is connected to the heat pipe, and an transmission shaft that is driven by the stirling engine. The transmission unit is disposed between the main output shaft and the transmission shaft for transmitting torque from the transmission shaft to the main output shaft.

id-WO2018195627A1    abstract-The invention relates to a combined cycle turbine heat engine, which is composed of a unit running Brayton cycle and another unit running a binary cycle of three isobaric processes and four adiabatic processes.
id-WO2018195635A1    abstract-The invention relates to a combined heat engine, which is connected and integrated by one unit running diesel cycle and another unit running four isothermal process difference cycles and four isothermal process difference cycles with heat accumulator.
id-WO2018195628A1    abstract-The invention relates to a combined cycle turbine heat engine, which is composed of a unit running Brayton cycle and another unit running a binary cycle of three isothermal processes and four adiabatic processes.
id-US20200124000A1    abstract-According to the invention, the assembly comprises a rotary motion transmission path (T) between shaft (38) of the turbopump and said winding roller.

id-US11022070B2    abstract-The present invention discloses an ORC container comprising the following components: a container, in particular an ISO container, having arranged therein an ORC device for converting heat energy into electrical or mechanical energy, wherein the ORC device comprises a working medium; a heat introduction device provided on the ISO container and used for supplying heat energy from an aggregate container; and a spacer device arranged on the container, wherein the spacer device is suitable for providing an intermediate space between the ORC container and the aggregate container. The present invention additionally relates to a system comprising an ORC container and an aggregate container as well as to a method for installing such a system.

id-JP2018194289A    abstract-[challenges] we provide a heat exchanger with a simple structure that can overcome the shortcomings of conventional technologies. The housing (2) consists of the first housing part and the second housing part (5, 6). Each housing part (5, 6) has a housing part (7), a flange part (10) and a base (11). The first housing part (5, 6) and the second housing part (5, 6) are connected to each other through their respective flange ring part (10). The two flange ring parts (10) divide the ring space (13). The first housing part 5 is provided with an inflow connection piece 7 and an outflow connection piece 8. A separator (12) with 14 ') is provided. The blade (14, 14 ') enters the annular space (13) and at least reduces the radial flow there. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-JP2018189348A    abstract-The invention relates to a heat exchange device using exhaust gas. More specifically, a heat exchange device using exhaust gas that can make the high-temperature exhaust gas easily heat exchange, improve the heat exchange efficiency and maximize the use of energy. About. The exhaust gas discharged by the cogeneration system, etc., is used for heat exchange in the present invention, so the high-temperature exhaust gas can be efficiently used and the use of energy can be maximized. In addition, the hot exhaust gas moving along the inside of the smoke tube has the effect of improving the efficiency of heat transfer because the contact area becomes wider while contacting the ribs, the heat of the exhaust gas is easily transferred to the smoke tube. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-WO2018213362A1    abstract-A control system algorithm is provided for the computer control of a solid-state switching device in a Stirling-electric hybrid vehicle. The algorithm satisfies the demands for electrical energy management, regulation, allocation and distribution to the electrical system of the vehicle during the operation thereof. The control system controls the management, regulation, allocation and distribution of electrical current throughout the vehicle's electrical system in response the commands of the vehicle operator. This includes the operation of wheel motors, electrical storage systems, the drivetrain and a plurality of other components, accessories and subsystems.

id-JP6763835B2    abstract-

id-EP3410502A1    abstract-A Seebeck generator (26) is arranged between a hot fuel flow and a cold fuel flow of a fuel injection equipment.

id-WO2018210480A1    abstract-Abwarmeruckgewinnungssystem (1), especially for Brennkraftmaschine(20), a suspended Arbeitsmedium loop (2). The virtuous circle (2) includes Flussrichtung Arbeitsmediums Verdampfer(4), Expansionsmaschine(11), and a Kondensator(5). This Abwarmeruckgewinnungssystem (1) indicates an Expandereinheit(10) on which simultaneously Expandereinheit Expansionsmaschine(11) and (10) include a generator (12). See Volume 10 in this report where there is at least one sufficient cooling unit (30) for heating (12). At least one cooling channel (30) exists in the circulation (5) of the condenser flow down (2) and the still flow down (4).
id-US20180372023A1    abstract-A vehicle has a waste heat recovery (WHR) system and an engine. The WHR system includes a WHR working fluid circuit with a pump, a power turbine, and a condenser. An engine coolant circuit circulates coolant between the engine and an engine coolant heat exchanger/working fluid boiler in the WHR working fluid circuit. At least one exhaust gas heat exchanger/superheater in the WHR working fluid circuit receives waste heat from an exhaust circuit and/or from an exhaust gas recirculation circuit. A working fluid cooled charge air cooler in the WHR working fluid circuit receives waste heat from compressed charge air in a charge air intake circuit. A recuperator may transfer waste heat from working fluid passing from the power turbine to the condenser to working fluid passing from the working fluid cooled charge air cooler to the engine coolant heat exchanger/working fluid boiler.

id-EP3635227A4    abstract-

id-WO2018225923A1    abstract-The combined generating UNIT ACCORDING TO THE invention INCLUDES AN ENGINE (110), A FIRST FLOWING LINE (120), A POWER TURBINE (113), A TURBOCHARGER (115), A SECOND FLOWING LINE (125), A THIRD FLOWING LINE (126), A COMPRESSOR (211), A FIRST MEDIUM LINE (221), A MEDIUM TURBINE (212), A SECOND MEDIUM LINE (222), A WORKING MEDIUM CHILLER (213), A DOUBLE HEATER (215) and A GENERATING UNIT (230).
id-JP6761380B2    abstract-

id-JP2019007380A    abstract-[challenges] we provide a heat energy recovery device that can recover the heat energy of the exhaust gas from the internal combustion engine and discharge the exhaust gas smoothly to the outside. Thermal energy recovery device 1 is connected to the exhaust gas path 100 through which the exhaust gas discharged from the internal combustion engine flows and to the heat medium path 12 through which the heat medium flows. The exhaust gas flowing in from the exhaust gas path 100 and the heat medium flowing in from the heat medium path 12 are connected to each other. The thermal energy recovery unit 10 is connected to the heat carrier path 12 and recovers the heat energy of the heat medium heated by the economizer 11, and is arranged in the exhaust gas path 100. The device is equipped with a blowout mechanism 30 for boosting the exhaust gas flowing through the gas path 100. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20180347431A1    abstract-A heat exchanger includes an introduction path and a discharge path. The introduction path introduces the heating medium to upstream portions of heating medium passages. A length of the introduction path along a third direction is reduced gradually from an upstream end portion of the introduction path towards a downstream end portion of the introduction path. The discharge path discharges the heating medium to an outlet portion. A length of the discharge path along the third direction increases gradually from a first portion towards a second portion. The first portion is disposed downstream of the upstream end portion of the introduction path in the flow direction, and the second portion is disposed downstream of the downstream end portion of the introduction path in the flow direction.

id-EP3635226B1    abstract-

id-JP2019011710A    abstract-[challenges] to provide an internal combustion engine equipped with a supercharged engine that can stabilize the amount of power recovered by the power recovery unit. [solution] internal combustion engine equipped with a supercharger, engine (10), supercharger (20), evaporator (42), expander (44), power recovery machine (46), condenser (48), pump (50), control unit (60), etc. The control unit 60 has a adjusting unit 62, which increases or decreases the inflow of the working medium into the evaporator 42 according to the increase or decrease of the heat of the supercharged air flowing into the evaporator 42, and a change in the temperature of the supercharged air flowing into the evaporator 42 during a predetermined period. The temperature change detection unit (64) outputs the temperature change signal indicating the temperature change when the degree of standardization is above the threshold. When the adjustment unit (62) receives the reduction signal, the inflow of the working medium to the evaporator (42) receives the reduction signal. When the inflow amount is less than a certain amount, it is reduced to a certain quantity. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-JP2019044761A    abstract-[problem] we provide a gas turbine engine equipped with an engine rotor element rotating device. [solution] the turbine engine (10) has a core (16) with a compressor section (22), a combustion chamber section (28) and a turbine section (29) arranged in an axial flow direction, and each rotating element has a shaft (36, 38). It is installed on the engine rotor element (40). The turbine engine (10) includes a rotating driver (72) operationally coupled to the engine rotor element (40). The turbine engine (10) is thermally in contact with the core (16) and electrically in contact with the rotating driver (72), at least one of which provides power to the rotating driver (72) to rotate the engine rotor element (40). Equipped with a thermoelectric generator (70). Selection diagram: figure 2
id-JP2019027280A    abstract-[challenges] suppress the actuator from being subjected to heat damage. Solution because the actuator 19 is configured on the side 72a and side 63a facing the lower side, it is configured on the inside of the floor tunnel 102 on the lower side relative to the side 72a and side 63a. That is to say, actuator 19 is configured inside the floor tunnel 102, compared to the structure in which side 72a and side 63a face the left (straight) and side 72a and side 63a face the position of actuator 19. They are placed in a relatively lower position. Therefore, the moving wind that enters from the lower side into the inside of the floor tunnel 102 is easy to contact actuator 19, which can effectively cool actuator 19. Thus, heat damage to actuator 19 can be suppressed. Select diagram: figure 3
id-US20190010893A1    abstract-A waste heat recovery system comprises an exhaust system, a thermal oil circuit, and a Rankine cycle circuit. The exhaust system is configured to provide exhaust gases. The thermal oil circuit comprises a first heat exchanger and a second heat exchanger. The first heat exchanger is positioned along the exhaust system. The first heat exchanger receives heat from exhaust gases and separately receives thermal oil such that heat from exhaust gases is transferred to thermal oil within the first heat exchanger. The second heat exchanger receives thermal oil from the first heat exchanger and provides thermal oil to the first heat exchanger. The Rankine cycle circuit circulates working fluid through the second heat exchanger separate from thermal oil such that heat from thermal oil is transferred to working fluid within the second heat exchanger. An expander utilizes heat within working fluid to produce mechanical energy.

id-EP3431744A1    abstract-Therefore, the invention relates to a high pressure machine installed by the high pressure machine and a technology for controlling the gas flow. erfindungsgemaße of flagella Hochdruckvorrichtung(100) has (110), Warmekraftmaschine (111) and a Fluidkuhler (112), and has Pumpeneinheit(120) an Arbeitsfluids Stromungsrichtung Arbeitsfluideingang(121) and 21 were used to heat Arbeitsfluids(22 Arbeitsfluidausgang) 122), a pump for (124) Warmekraftmaschine (111) and a Hochdruckausgang (126). The air heating unit is provided with A coolant switch (2020 'b), the coolant is provided with A coolant switch (M E, M A), and the cooler (M E, M A) is connected to the heating unit (110). According to the calculation, the propulsion unit (110) of the propeller mounts the electric vehicle (112) for the thermal power machine. In addition, the heating battery (2020/23a) has A loader (23a), which is connected to the loader's power (L E, L A), and is connected to the heating device (110). Experts connect at least one Verbindungsleitung(21) from Ladeluftwarmetauscher (23a) to Arbeitsfluideingang (21) Kuhlerfluidwarmetauscher (23b) to assist in the arrangement of the downstream Ladeluftwarmetauschers (23a) and to connect at least Verbindungsleitung(No. 21 ") to Ladeluftwarmetauscher (23a).
id-WO2019026560A1    abstract-We provide a simple heat recovery device with excellent ability to utilize waste heat effectively. One or more thermoelectric conversion modules arranged face-to-face on one or more planar outer sides of a columnar honeycomb structure with a first fluid path; Tubular components including one or more thermoelectric conversion modules covered around the outer side of the honeycomb structure; In addition, a casing covered around the cylindrical member, in which the casing has an inflow port and an outflow port for the second fluid whose temperature is lower than that of the first fluid, and the inner surface of the casing and the outer surface of the cylindrical member rotate around the cylindrical member. A second fluid channel is formed; Heat recovery equipment with.
id-WO2019039990A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a cooling arrangement for a hybrid vehicle (1) comprising an electric drive unit (2), a combustion engine (3) and a WHR system (4), wherein the cooling arrangement comprises a cooler package (5) arranged in an air flow passage (6) of the hybrid vehicle (1).The cooler package (5) comprises a first radiator (r1) which is primarily used to cool coolant for cooling of an energy storage (2b) of the electric drive unit (2), a second radiator (r2) which is primarily used to cool coolant for cooling of cooling power electronics (2c) of the electric drive unit (2), a third radiator (r3) which is primarily used to cool coolant for cooling of a condenser (4a) of the WHR system (4) and a fourth radiator (r4) which is used to cool coolant for cooling of the combustion engine (3). The first radiator (r1) and the second radiator (r2) are arranged in positions upstream of the third radiator (r3) and the fourth radiator (r4) in view of the intended flow direction of a cooling air flow (7) through the air flow passage (6).

id-WO2019036552A1    abstract-Various embodiments of a locomotive waste heat recovery system for charging an auxiliary battery, independent of the locomotive electric generator, are disclosed. The auxiliary battery is charged by a locomotive waste heat recovery system to supplement and supply the electric power normally provided by the locomotive battery during a shutdown condition caused by a locomotive auto engine start stop (AESS) system. The auxiliary battery is charged by recovery and conversion of waste thermal energy during locomotive engine operations, and its stored electric power is utilized to supply selected electrical loads during a prolonged engine shutdown condition. Accordingly, the locomotive battery can preserve its stored power to be exclusively utilized for locomotive engine start, which may decrease operational disruptions and increase the life of the locomotive battery, and thereby reducing the overall operating costs associated with the battery maintenance efforts.

id-US10876497B2    abstract-Systems and methods are provided for decreasing thermalization time and/or increasing coefficients of performance by adding waste heat. A thermal management system may include a coolant loop and be configured to cool a target component via the coolant loop, the thermal management system may be further configured to heat the target component during a thermalization period with a waste heat source via the same coolant loop with which the thermal management system is configured to cool the target component.

id-EP3669057A4    abstract-

id-US20190093519A1    abstract-A waste heat recovery system in thermal communication with an exhaust conduit of an internal combustion engine of a vehicle includes a condenser. The condenser includes a working fluid conduit configured to connect to a working fluid loop of the waste heat recovery system and a coolant fluid conduit configured to connect to a coolant fluid loop used to cool the internal combustion engine of the vehicle. The coolant fluid conduit includes a coolant fluid inlet and a coolant fluid outlet. The waste heat recovery system also includes a coolant fluid bypass fluidly connected between the coolant fluid inlet and the coolant fluid outlet. The coolant fluid bypass includes a coolant fluid control valve configured to vary a portion of the volume of coolant fluid that flows through the coolant fluid bypass based on a temperature of a working fluid in the working fluid loop.

id-JP2019065859A    abstract-[challenges] we provide a heat recovery system for internal combustion engines that can transfer heat from the exhaust gas pipe to the coolant through a heat exchanger and optimize the energy of the heat recovery device. Solution: the heat exchanger 1 intended for heat recovery is arranged in a bypass configuration adjacent to the exhaust pipe 2. In this configuration, a valve 3 for managing gas flow and a flow guide 4 element for extending the flow path of exhaust gas flow are incorporated. Selection diagram: figure 1b
id-US20190072343A1    abstract-The design of the heat exchanger is characterized by a configuration that incorporates technical solutions intended for compensating for the differential expansions between the tube bundle and the shell, as well as other variables relating to thermal fatigue, where said solutions result in a compact device.

id-US11359534B2    abstract-Heat recovery component for an exhaust gas system of an internal combustion engine, comprising an inlet, an outlet, a heat recovery branch conduit comprising a heat recovery branch conduit inlet, a heat recovery branch conduit outlet, and a heat exchanger arranged in the heat recovery branch conduit, a bypass branch conduit being separate from the heat recovery branch conduit, and a valve being configured to be rotatable between a heat recovery end position and a bypass end position, the valve being arranged to be rotatable around a rotation axis located in the bypass branch conduit, wherein the valve comprises a bypass valve flap and a heat recovery valve flap, the bypass valve flap and the heat recovery valve flap being operatively connected by a support.

id-EP3728801B1    abstract-

id-US10662822B2    abstract-A heat cycle system includes a cooling circuit and a Rankine cycle circuit in which an organic medium circulates. The Rankine cycle circuit includes an evaporator, an expander, and a condenser. Before warm-up of an engine, a control device executes a warm-up mode in which the organic medium is circulated through the condenser, the expander and the evaporator in sequence; after the warm-up of the engine, the control device executes a waste heat recovery mode in which the organic medium is circulated through the evaporator, the expander and the condenser in sequence. In the warm-up mode, by supplying energy to the expander, the control device compresses the organic medium passing through the condenser and supplies the compressed organic medium to the evaporator; in the waste heat recovery mode, by depressurizing the organic medium passing through the evaporator by the expander, the control device recovers the energy generated by the expander.

id-US20230003454A1    abstract-Techniques for utilizing excess heat generated by an oven to generate electricity are provided. In one example, an oven can comprise a coolant pathway positioned adjacent to a hollow space within the oven, wherein the hollow space can contain heat. The oven can also comprise a chamber in fluid communication with the coolant pathway. The oven can further comprise a turbine in fluid communication with the chamber and an outlet. Moreover, the oven can comprise a generator connected to the turbine, wherein rotation of the turbine can power the generator.

id-US10424710B2    abstract-An engine includes a cylinder liner. The cylinder liner includes an interior wall, an exterior wall, and a thermoelectric element disposed therebetween. The interior wall forms a cylinder bore forming part of a combustion chamber. The exterior wall is positioned adjacent a coolant jacket. The thermoelectric element is operable to generate an electric current in response to a temperature gradient between the interior wall, which is exposed to the high temperatures of the combustion chamber, and the exterior wall, which is exposed to the cooler temperatures of a coolant in the coolant jacket. An electric current in a circuit of the thermoelectric element may be controlled to affect a cylinder wall temperature. The circuit of the thermoelectric element may be opened, and the voltage of the thermoelectric element may be measured and used to calculate the cylinder wall temperature.

id-EP3492713A2    abstract-The present invention provides a thermal energy recovery system that is capable of suppressing a flow of a gas phase intermediate medium into an intermediate medium pump. A thermal energy recovery system includes an evaporator; an expander; a power recovery machine; a condenser; a working medium pump; heaters to evaporate the intermediate medium; an intermediate medium circulation flow passage; an intermediate medium pump; a by-pass flow passage to bypass the evaporator that is connected to the intermediate medium circulation flow passage; a cooling unit provided in the by-pass flow passage to condense the intermediate medium; and a valve provided in a portion on the upstream side of the cooling unit in the by-pass flow passage, the valve being a primary pressure adjustment valve to maintain the pressure value in a portion on the upstream side of the valve at a set value.

id-EP3480435A1    abstract-The invention concerns a valve device (12, 120, 120') comprising: a duct (23) and a duct opening (24); a valve seat (32) arranged circumferentially around the duct opening (24); a movable valve member (26) for restricting a flow of fluid through the duct (23); and a valve actuator (27) for moving the valve member (26); wherein the valve member (26) is provided with a valve sealing element (31) in the form of a sealing surface for sealing against the seat (32) around the duct opening (24), wherein the valve member (26) is movable towards and away from the duct opening (24) in an axial direction thereof, wherein the valve seat (32) and the sealing surface (31) face each other in the axial direction so as to, when brought in contact with each other, define a first end position of the valve member (26) in which the valve device (12, 120, 120') is closed, wherein the valve member (26) is movable between the closed first end position and a second end position in which the valve member sealing surface (31) is located at an axial distance from the valve seat (32) and the valve device (12, 120, 120') is open; The invention is characterized in that the valve member (26) in addition to the valve sealing element (31) is provided with a valve controlling element (33) in the form of an elongated tapered end portion with a tip end facing the duct (23), wherein the tapered end portion (33) is arranged to be inserted through the opening (24) and into the duct (23) as the valve member is moved towards the valve seat, wherein the actuator (27) is configured to be capable of holding the valve member (26) in at least one intermediate position between the first and second end positions, in which intermediate position the tapered end portion (33) occupies a portion of a cross-sectional fluid through-flow area defined by the duct (23) so as to partly restrict a flow of fluid through the duct (23). The invention also concerns a system (1) of Rankine type for recovering waste heat of an internal combustion engine (2), wherein the system comprises a valve device of the above type.

