id-EP3511534A1    abstract-Refers to the invention of Dampfkraftwerk or Steinkohlekraftwerk with Wasser-Dampf-Kreislauf(1) a generator (7) for electric energy production in connection with Turbinenanordnung(4) and an infrared Energiespeic herteil(5), one of which is Warmespeichermedium enthaltende Warmespeichereinheit (50) thermal circuit (6) and moisture circuit (1) or airbag release device (51). High Flexiblitat will reach Warmeeinkopplungseinrichtung (60) is an electronic Aufwarmvorrichtung in armour (60), there are Energiezufuhrvorrichtung (61) and (7) manufacturing of generators Prozesssteuerung beaufschlagbar is managed or solved by power shortage (Fig.1).
id-WO2019166160A1    abstract-Invention relates to the attachment (1) give full play to the Entnahmekondensationsturbine (2) with Dampfentnahme (3) and Dampfentnahme abzweigenden (3) Dampfleitung(4) in a Fernwarmenetzes Heizkondensator(5),(6) ordered the Dampfleitung amount (4) to also device (7) to Vorwarmen and vaporize Arbeitsmediums an Organic Rankine Cycles(8) parallel to Heizkondensator Fernwarmenetzes (5)(6) is. The invention also relates to the operation of a plant (1) with a complete set of spurious charging devices (2) and steam extraction (3).
id-US20200003082A1    abstract-Processes for recovering electrical power from a process unit waste heat steam generation system are described. A power-recovery turbine reduces the pressure of a stream of superheated steam to a pressure lower than that needed by the steam reboiler for use in other process units or equipment in the plant.

id-EP3623343A1    abstract-A process for the synthesis of ammonia from a hydrocarbon feedstock, wherein the process includes reforming the hydrocarbon feedstock to produce a make-up gas and converting said make-up gas into ammonia, the process is performed in an ammonia synthesis plant requiring an electric power for operation and also requiring a start-up power (Ps) for start-up, wherein a first electric power (P1) is internally produced in the ammonia plant, and a second electric power (P2) is imported, wherein said second electric power is equal to or greater than said start-up power (Ps).

id-JPWO2020065846A1    abstract-Provide highly efficient, low-carbon energy supply systems with low CO2 emissions. Organically combine indirect heating gasification furnace to produce gasified gas using at least biomass containing fuel, circulating fluidized bed boiler to produce superheated steam using at least biomass containing fuel, condensate turbine power generation device, gasification gas utilization device, etc. Integrated low carbon energy supply system.
id-US20200072088A1    abstract-The present invention is a system and method of power medium expansion that functions with a rate of efficiency higher than systems found in prior art. Novel features of the system increase the overall efficiency with the use of a power medium that begins the cycle in the liquid state and enters the gaseous state. An additional novel feature is the use of additional heat that may also increase the overall cycle efficiency. Another additional novel feature is recuperating energy that can supplement the phase change of the power medium along with isolating the components from the ambient.

id-US10947900B2    abstract-Inlet air heating systems for combined cycle power plants and combined cycle power plants including inlet air heating systems are disclosed. The inlet air heating systems may include a plurality of heating coil assemblies partially positioned within an inlet housing of a gas turbine system, and a vent valve in fluid communication with each of the heating coils. The inlet air heating system may also include a supply line in fluid communication with the heating coils to provide water to the heating coils, and a hot water line in fluid communication with the supply line and a component positioned downstream of a condenser of the combined cycle power plant. The hot water line may provide hot water from the combined cycle power plant to the supply line. Additionally, the inlet air heating system may include a drain line in fluid communication with the heating coils and the condenser.

id-US20210155854A1    abstract-An atmospheric pressure water ion generating device is arranged in a triphase organic matter pyrolysis system which includes a steam generating device and a pyrolysis and carbonization reaction device. The water ion generating device includes a connecting pipe connected with the steam generating device, and having an interior that is penetrated, a heating tube having a first end connected with the connecting pipe and having an interior provided with an air channel, and a spraying head connected with a second end of the heating tube, and having an interior that is tapered. The air channel has a surface provided with an alloy catalyst layer. The spraying head is provided with a nozzle which is connected with the pyrolysis and carbonization reaction device.

id-EP3877638A4    abstract-

