id-US20130291808A1    abstract-The invention for utilizing thermal energy of gases generated in a BtL plant. A feature of the invention is that the thermal energy of discharge gas streams generated in the BtL plant is used for driving various compressor machineries and/or electricity generation, whereby the plant can operate as a stand-alone facility.

id-WO2012133549A1    abstract-The following equipment is supplied to coal gasifier 14: pulverizer 23 for pulverizing low-grade coal 101 supplied by raw coal bunker 21; fluidized bed drying device 12 for drying the crushed low-grade coal 101a; and dry coal 101b dried by fluidized bed drying device 12. Equipped with dry coal supply line 35, it can supply gasification system for gasification of dry and crushed low-grade coal with high efficiency. As a result, it is possible to gasify low-grade coal only by coarse grinding and drying, without the use of a pulverizer for pulverization as in the past, and it is possible to significantly reduce equipment and utility costs.
id-WO2012154313A1    abstract-The present invention relates to systems and methods for controlling the flow of steam provided to a gas recovery unit 130 based on changes to steam flow to and/or power generated by a power generation unit 119. The gas recovery unit 130 may be part of a thermal power generation unit and may be an amine based CO2 recovery unit including two or more regenerator columns 153.

id-US20120255306A1    abstract-A carbon dioxide recovery system includes a high-pressure turbine  11 , an intermediate-pressure turbine  12 , a low-pressure turbine  13 , a main boiler  15  that generates steam  14  for driving these turbines, a carbon dioxide recovery unit  24  including a carbon dioxide absorber  21  that absorbs and reduces carbon dioxide in flue gas (emission gas) G emitted from the main boiler  15  using a carbon dioxide absorbent and an absorbent regenerator  23  that regenerates a carbon dioxide absorbent having absorbed the carbon dioxide using a regenerating superheater  22  to obtain a regenerated carbon dioxide absorbent, an auxiliary boiler  30  that generates saturated water vapor  31  to be supplied to the regenerating superheater  22  in the absorbent regenerator  23 , and a steam turbine  32  that is driven by steam from the auxiliary boiler  30.

id-US20150292365A1    abstract-Systems and methods axe disclosed herein that generally involve a double pinch criterion for optimization of regenerative Rankine cycles. In some embodiments, operating variables such as bleed extraction pressure and bleed flow rate are selected such that a double pinch is obtained in a feedwater heater, thereby improving the efficiency of the Rankine cycle. In particular, a first pinch point is obtained at the onset of condensation of the bleed and a second pinch point is obtained at the exit of the bleed from the feedwater heater. The minimal approach temperature at the first pinch point can be approximately equal to the minimal approach temperature at the second pinch point. Systems that employ regenerative Rankine cycles, methods of operating such systems, and methods of optimizing the operation of such systems are disclosed herein in connection with the double pinch criterion.

id-WO2013000720A2    abstract-The invention relates to a storage pump for a steam power plant and a water and steam circulation system for a steam plant. According to the invention, a turbine of the apparatus is sucked into high-energy vapors and the low-energy vapors are sucked into the turbine. The vapor compound is mixed by the lower energy with high-energy vapors mixed in the high-energy atmosphere, and will be introduced to a heating apparatus, especially a high-pressure heater, especially in the last high-pressure heat apparatus of the steam apparatus, so that the temperature is raised by heating from hot water. Through a particularly normal and/or controlled Zumischen hoherenergetischen Dampfes niederenergetischen steam (Regelanzapfung) especially Teillastbetrieb Dampfkraftwerks via Temperaturanderung niederenergetischen Dampfes fast Leistungsanderung in Dampfkraftwerk.
id-WO2012162923A1    abstract-A gas and steam turbine system comprises a gas turbine, a steam turbine (7), a superheater (4), a waste heat boiler (5) and a drum (6). The gas turbine comprises a compressor (1), a combustion chamber (2), and a turbine (3). The superheater (4) and the waste heat boiler (5) are successively installed on the flue gas discharge pipe of the turbine (3). The superheater (4) is communicated with the drum (6) to receive saturated steam from the drum (6); The superheater (4) is connected to the steam turbine (7) to provide superheated steam to the steam turbine (7). The waste heat boiler (5) is connected with the drum (6) to form a circulation loop. A steam nozzle (15) is installed in the combustion chamber (2), and the steam nozzle (15) is communicated with the drum (6) to transport the saturated steam in the drum (6) to the combustion chamber (2). By transferring the saturated steam from the drum (6) to the combustion chamber (2), the amount of air from the compressor (1) to the combustion chamber (2) is reduced, thereby saving energy.
id-WO2013046888A1    abstract-The Rankine cycle consists of a refrigerant pump, a heat exchanger, an expander, and a condenser. The Rankine cycle also includes a clutch that is placed in the middle of the power transmission path from the engine to the refrigerant pump. Before the Rankine cycle and during the deceleration of the vehicle, the clutch is fastened and the refrigerant pump is driven by the inertial force of the vehicle.
id-EP2568142A1    abstract-This invention relates to a bioMediterranean power plant and a bioreactor, i.e. a fuel chamber connected first by a heat exchanger to a heat carrier cycle, and then by a heat exchanger cycle to a turbine cycle, a steam turbine. See you later, Dad makes Biomassekraftwerks Wirkungsgrad improved by proposing that erfindungsgemaßBrennkammer can be associated with each Ruckkuhler edited side pressure or Begrenzungsflachen by studying an important storage room biomass The Vorratsraums are thus arranged inside a storage room where air generated by other fans is compressed.
id-WO2013034786A1    abstract-This method includes: the production of waste water, biogas, treated water and oxygen; The feeding of a boiler: in a first phase, with biogas and oxygen; And in a second phase, with treated water supplied at very high pressure to the injectors of the boiler, conserving a contribution of biogas; The production of superheated water vapor at a temperature above 650° c. And low humidity in an exchanger heated by the boiler; The drive, by means of the steam produced, of a steam turbine connected to an electric generator; And the condensation of some of the steam coming from the turbine and its recirculation to the exchanger. The invention also includes a system for the implementation of the method.
id-EP2589763A1    abstract-A method for operating a steam power plant at low load is suggested comprising the extraction of live steam LS before the last superheater SH3 and/or resuperheated steam before the last resuperheater RSH2 and using the thermal energy of this steam in other heat sinks. Thus, nearly constant steam parameters of the live steam LS are achieved and the overall efficiency of the steam power plant remains at a high level.

