id-US20220259072A1    abstract-Techniques are described herein for using a high-pressure reactor to separate clean water from dirty water without filtration and to extract and concentrate contaminants from dirty water for use as a fuel. In particular, techniques and systems are described for separating water from hydrocarbon contaminates, other BTU-laden compounds, and dissolved minerals, while also boiling water and condensing the resulting steam into distilled water. In addition, system in which the described techniques are performed can be used as a high-pressure pump for moving the separated hydrocarbon contaminates forward into other processes, such as a high-pressure reactor or incinerator.

id-US20220316395A1    abstract-A combined power generation system is provided. The combined power generation system includes a gas turbine configured to combust fuel to generate a rotational force, a heat recovery steam generator (HRSG) configured to heat feedwater using combustion gas discharged from the gas turbine and include a high-pressure section, a medium-pressure section, and a low-pressure section with different pressure levels, a fuel preheater configured to heat the fuel supplied to the gas turbine and include a primary heating part and a secondary heating part, and a high-pressure feedwater supply pipe connected to the high-pressure section to supply high-pressure feedwater to the secondary heating part.

id-US20220320555A1    abstract-The present invention provides a high efficiency prime mover with phase change energy storage for distributed generation and motor vehicle application. Phase change storage minimizes energy required for refrigerant liquefaction while reducing fuel consumption and emissions.

id-WO2023286588A1    abstract-An ammonia supply unit for a power plant is equipped with at least one ammonia vaporizer. The ammonia vaporizer is installed inside the condenser to treat the steam discharged from the turbine. The vaporizer is configured to vaporize liquid ammonia using steam or condensed water inside the condenser as a heat source.
id-WO2023007380A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a process and plant (1) for converting thermal energy into electrical and/or mechanical energy. The plant includes a closed circuit (2), a pump (13) to circulate the working fluid in the closed circuit (2), an evaporator (3) to heat the working fluid to cause it to change from a liquid to a gaseous state, a volumetric expander (4) operating in the closed circuit (2) downstream of the evaporator (3) and configured to receive working as an input fluid in the gaseous state, a condenser (16) operating on the closed circuit (2) downstream of the volumetric expander (4) and upstream of the pump (13) to condense the working fluid determining its transition from the gaseous to the liquid state. The pump (13) in turn comprises a first compartment positionable in fluid communication with a first portion (2a) of the closed circuit (2), extending downstream of the pump (13) and upstream of the evaporator (3), to send working fluid in the liquid state to the same evaporator (3), and a second compartment that may be positioned in fluid communication with a second portion (2b) of the closed circuit, extending upstream of the volumetric expander (4) and downstream of said first portion (2a), to receive working fluid in the gaseous state generated by the evaporator (3). The working fluid in the gaseous state expands the second compartment and causes a volume reduction of the first compartment by promoting the pumping of the working fluid in the liquid state to the evaporator (3).

