id-DE102018115264A1    abstract-Ein autonomes Fahrzeug beinhaltet ein autonomes Fahrsystem, das dafür konfiguriert ist, ein erstes Steuersignal zu erzeugen, und eine Kontaktsensoranordnung, die mechanisch mit einer Außenfläche des autonomen Fahrzeugs verbunden ist. Die Kontaktsensoranordnung ist dafür konfiguriert, ein zweites Bremssteuersignal zu erzeugen. Ein Bremssystem ist dafür konfiguriert, die Bremsung des autonomen Fahrzeugs mittels einer Priorisierung des zweiten Bremssteuersignals gegenüber dem ersten Bremssteuersignal zu steuern.
id-US10737668B2    abstract-Disclosed are an electronic brake system and a control method thereof. The electronic brake system includes a first inner valve for transmitting hydraulic pressure to a first hydraulic circuit; a second inner valve for transmitting hydraulic pressure to a second hydraulic circuit; a first outer valve for discharging hydraulic pressure from the first hydraulic circuit; a second outer valve for discharging hydraulic pressure from the second hydraulic circuit; and an electronic control unit for generating a phase delay control signal for one inner valve when a current control signal is applied to the first inner valve and the second inner valve, and generating a phase delay control signal for one outer valve when a current control signal is applied to the first outer valve and the second outer valve.
id-CN113565936B    abstract-本发明公开了混合动力混、并连变换式驱动组合结构，涉及汽车自动变速器技术领域，包括输入轴、动力分流行星齿轮、第一电机减速行星齿轮、第一电机、第二电机，动力分流行星齿轮的太阳轮连接第二电机，动力分流行星齿轮的齿轮架连接到输出，第一电机通过第一电机减速行星齿轮连接到输出；输入轴的动力由动力分流行星齿轮的齿圈输入，可分两路传递，一路通过动力分流行星齿轮的齿轮架直接传递，另一路可通过动力分流行星齿轮的太阳轮传递给第二电机发电。应用该结构的变速器与发动机更易匹配，变速换档过程动力不中断，可实现混合动力驱动和制动能量回收，降低发动机暖车时间，提高发动机的寿命，发动机的选型范围广，车辆的燃油经济性更好。
id-US11332103B2    abstract-A braking device and method utilizing gyroscopic braking to provide an improved braking device and method for obtaining desired amount of continuous braking power without directly converting kinetic energy into thermal energy which helps in reducing global warming and environmental pollution.
id-US20180372171A1    abstract-Methods and systems are provided for an automatic, electric hub lock with a manual override capability. In one example, the electric hub lock may be actuated responsive to one or more of a manipulation of a manual dial proximate a vehicle wheel and an electronic control inside a passenger compartment. In another example, a method includes overriding the automatic control of the hub lock responsive to manual request for operating the vehicle in four-wheel drive mode.
id-JP2020529351A    abstract-本発明は、電動式ユーティリティビークル（１）用の調整装置と、ユーティリティビークル（１）を動作させる方法とに関する。このユーティリティビークルは、前車軸（２）と、少なくとも２つの後車軸（３）と、これらの後車軸（３）のうちの少なくとも１つの後車軸（３）の、車道（４）からのレベルを調整する調整装置と、後車軸（３）を駆動する少なくとも１つの電動モータと、電動モータに電流を供給するバッテリ（５）と、を有する。バッテリ（５）を充電するために電動モータが発電機として動作しかつ後車軸（３）によって駆動される回生動作において、調整装置は、調整可能な後車軸（３）のレベルおよび負荷を調整し、これによって回生が最適化される。
id-US10906516B2    abstract-Provided is a brake control system that can reduce use of a mechanical braking in a railway vehicle using an automatic train control (ATC). The present disclosure is a brake control system for a railway vehicle using an ATC. The brake control system includes: a main electric motor, a main conversion device, a brake controller, and an ATC device. The main electric motor generates a braking force by converting kinetic energy of a wheel of the railway vehicle to electrical energy. The main conversion device actuates the main electric motor. The brake controller outputs a braking signal to the main conversion device. The ATC device outputs a braking command to the brake controller based on the ATC. In addition, the ATC device outputs a preliminary braking signal for energizing the main electric motor prior to output of the braking command.
id-WO2019040488A1    abstract-Hybrid wayside energy recovery systems are described. The system includes a wayside energy transmission system coupled to a utility electrical grid and coupled to a traction power distribution network of a railway system on which rail vehicles operate. The wayside energy transmission system is configured to transmit energy recovered from the traction power distribution network to the utility electrical grid. The system includes a wayside storage system coupled to the railway system. The wayside energy storage system is configured to store energy recovered from the traction power distribution network. A controller is coupled to the traction power distribution network, the wayside energy transmission and to the wayside energy storage system. The controller is configured to receive positional information about a rail vehicle on the traction power distribution network and transfer at least a portion of energy recovered from the rail vehicle to either the wayside energy transmission system for transmission to the utility electrical grid or to the wayside storage system for storage based, in part, on the positional information about the rail vehicle.
id-US10857891B2    abstract-Provided are an electronic brake system and a method of controlling the same. The electronic brake system includes a pedal input unit configured to receive a pedal force according to a driver's braking intention, an estimating unit configured to estimate a temperature and a friction coefficient of a brake disk pad, and a control unit configured to correct a braking target pressure according to the driver's braking intention on the basis of the estimated temperature and friction coefficient of the brake disk pad.
id-JP2019059294A    abstract-【課題】 車両の制動制御装置において、長手方向の寸法が短縮されるものを提供する。【解決手段】 制動制御装置は、制動操作部材の操作に応じて、車両の前輪ホイールシリンダ内の前輪液圧、及び、後輪ホイールシリンダ内の後輪液圧を調整する。制動制御装置には、『電動ポンプＤＣ、及び、電磁弁ＵＣにて構成され、電動ポンプが吐出する制動液を、電磁弁ＵＣによって調整液圧Ｐｃに調節し、調整液圧Ｐｃを後輪ホイールシリンダに導入する調圧ユニットＹＣ』、及び、『マスタシリンダＣＭ、及び、マスタピストンＰＭにて構成され、「前輪ホイールシリンダに接続されたマスタ室Ｒｍ」、及び、「調整液圧Ｐｃが導入され、マスタ室ＲｍによってマスタピストンＰＭに加えられる後退力Ｆｂに対向する前進力ＦａをマスタピストンＰＭに付与するサーボ室Ｒｓ」を有するマスタユニットＹＭ』を含んで構成される。【選択図】 図１
id-US11635115B2    abstract-Various brake pads with thermoelectric energy harvesters are disclosed. In some embodiments, the brake pad comprising a backplate, a pad of friction material, and a TEG module. The backplate can comprise a through-hole in which elements of the TEG module are positioned.
id-CN111148669B    abstract-本发明的制动控制装置搭载于在前轮、以及后轮中的任意一侧的车轮具备再生发电机的车辆。制动控制装置具备：“对通过第一电动马达产生的液压进行调整并作为第一液压，赋予给一侧的车轮的轮缸的第一调压单元”、以及“包括通过第二电动马达驱动的流体泵、以及调压阀，对第一液压进行增加调整并作为第二液压，赋予给另一侧的车轮的轮缸的第二调压单元”。在制动控制装置中，在再生发电机的再生量达到规定再生量的时刻，第二调压单元使第二液压急剧增加至规定液压。另外，在再生发电机的再生量小于规定再生量的情况下，第一、第二调压单元将第一、第二液压维持为零。
id-WO2019060925A1    abstract-A method and apparatus for constructing Re Wheel, a Recovering Energy Wheel, is disclosed. Kinetic energy of an automobile is transformed during the automobile's deceleration via a specially built and attached to it regenerative braking component into a potential energy. This energy is then re-applied for the future acceleration of the automobile, being transformed back into kinetic energy of the automobile. A combination of the two components, the original wheel and the regenerative braking mechanism attached to it, represent the new wheel - Re Wheel. The efficiency of the Re Wheel device is much higher than within other methods of regenerative braking, including those used within electrical automobiles, when electrical engine works in electrical generator mode. Re Wheel is also original in its utility, via its ability to be applied to all the automobiles, independent of their engine type, electrical or combustion engines, and their engine power source.
id-JP2020533540A    abstract-背面プレート（２）と、摩擦材料パッド（４）と、少なくとも１つの熱電モジュール（６）とを備えるブレーキパッド（１）であって、背面プレート（２）には、少なくとも熱電モジュール（６）のＮドープ半導体素子およびＰドープ半導体素子がその中に統合されている少なくとも１つの貫通孔（３）が設けられている、ブレーキパッド（１）。【選択図】図８
id-US10532646B2    abstract-The present invention introduces a retrofit method of regenerative braking where no components of an automobile are to be replaced or removed and none of their functionality is modified. The recovering energy system is implemented as an additional, one piece, complete device, placed onto the existing automobile wheel's hub, and covered by the automobile's wheel. The system includes a housing, turbines, accumulators, and valves which act to both store and dispel energy as needed. This method of regenerative braking is therefore applicable to all the automobiles, independent or their power source, to newly built automobiles and those already on the road.
id-US10494989B2    abstract-An apparatus for improving efficiency of a turbocharger engine including a turbocharger configured of a turbine rotated by discharge force of exhaust gas transferred from an exhaust manifold, and a compressor rotated coaxially with the turbine to compress intake air applied to an engine is provided. The turbine includes a turbine housing and a turbine wheel. The apparatus includes an auxiliary wheel that is formed at one side of the turbine wheel and an air compressor rotated by being connected to a crankshaft of the engine to generate compressed air. A valve connects between the air compressor and an air tank to transfer the compressed air to the air tank, and transfers, when charging of the air tank is completed, the compressed air to the auxiliary wheel side to increase torque of the turbine wheel.
id-JP2019043480A    abstract-【課題】ポンプモータの良好な応答性と劣化の抑制とを両立させる車両用制動装置を提供すること。【解決手段】車両用制動装置は、ブレーキＥＣＵ６０によってポンプモータＭの回転数Ｎｄの減少が開始された時点から所定時間経過後までの期間内においてポンプ３７，４７によるブレーキ液の吐出が必要となる蓋然性が高いほど、ポンプモータＭの回転数の減少量が小さくなるように、制御差圧の保持状態又は減圧状態における回転数の減少量を設定する減少量設定部６２を備える。【選択図】図４
id-US10730393B2    abstract-Methods and systems are provided for operating a hybrid vehicle during operating conditions where vehicle braking is requested. In one example, regenerative braking is allocated to vehicle axles responsive to wheel torques of respective vehicle axles in response to an anti-lock braking system being activated. Additionally, friction braking torque is allocated to vehicle axles responsive to the anti-lock braking system being activated.
id-EP3697639B1    abstract-
id-DE112018004389T5    abstract-Vorliegend wird eine hydrodynamische Retardervorrichtung (1) offenbart. Die Retardervorrichtung (1) umfasst einen schaufelbestückten Stator (11) und einen schaufelbestückten Rotor (13), die zusammen einen Arbeitsraum (17) bilden. Der schaufelbestückte Rotor (13) ist mit der Welle (3) verbindbar, um deren Drehung abzubremsen. Die hydrodynamische Retardervorrichtung (1) umfasst ferner einen Unterdruckgenerator (21), der mit dem Arbeitsraum (17) verbunden ist. Der Unterdruckgenerator (21) ist dazu konfiguriert, durch die Kraft des Arbeitsmediums, das während des Abbremsens der Welle (3) von dem Arbeitsraum (17) zu dem Unterdruckgenerator (21) strömt, einen Unterdruck, d.h. einen Druck unterhalb des Atmosphärendrucks, zu erzeugen. Der Unterdruckgenerator (21) ist dazu konfiguriert, unter Verwendung des Unterdrucks eine anschließende Zwangsentleerung des Arbeitsmediums aus dem Arbeitsraum (17) durchzuführen. Die vorliegende Offenbarung betrifft ferner einen Antriebsstrang (5) für ein Fahrzeug, ein Fahrzeug und ein Verfahren (100) zum Durchführen einer Zwangsentleerung des Arbeitsmediums aus einem Arbeitsraum (17) einer hydrodynamischen Retardervorrichtung (1).
id-US20190118901A1    abstract-A brake device is configured to apply a braking force to a rotary body of a human-powered vehicle. The brake device includes a power transfer medium operated braking portion, a first actuator and a second actuator. The first actuator is operatively coupled to the power transfer medium operated braking portion by a power transfer medium. The second actuator is operatively coupled to the first actuator and operated by electric power in accordance with an input to an operating device.
id-CN109631747B    abstract-一种用于车辆制动器的旋转角度检测装置(1)，包含：壳体(10)，其容纳磁检测单元(2)；旋转构件(30)，其被支撑为能够相对于壳体旋转；和磁体(39)，其由旋转构件保持，并且与旋转构件一体旋转，其中，磁检测单元包括行程检测单元(4)和开关检测单元(6)，行程检测单元基于磁体的磁力检测旋转构件已从基准位置旋转的旋转角度，开关检测单元检测旋转构件已从基准位置旋转了预定角度或更大的角度，并且在旋转构件的旋转轴线(P)的轴向方向上，行程检测单元的至少一部分被布置在该部分与磁体重叠的位置处。
id-US20200262407A1    abstract-A braking control device includes a first adjustment unit, a master unit, a regenerative coordination unit, a first opening/closing valve, a second opening/closing valve, a reaction force hydraulic pressure sensor, an input hydraulic pressure sensor, a controller. The master unit includes a master cylinder and a master piston, a master chamber, a servo chamber, and a reaction force chamber. The regenerative coordination unit includes an input piston. The first opening/closing valve provided in a first fluid passage. The second opening/closing valve provided in a second fluid passage. The reaction force hydraulic pressure sensor detects a pressure in the reaction force chamber. The input hydraulic pressure sensor detects a pressure in the input cylinder. The controller determines, based on the reaction force hydraulic pressure and the input hydraulic pressure, suitability of at least one of the master unit, the regenerative coordination unit, the first opening/closing valve, and the second opening/closing valve.
id-US10513186B1    abstract-The in-wheel electric motor system with an increased electromagnetic flux and energy recovery brake provides electromagnetic flux with optimal characteristics of starting torque and peak power in all modes of motor operating. It becomes possible because the stator of the electric motor consists of windings with a “star” connection and windings with a “wye” connection in such a way that electromagnetic fields of these windings are summed and the number of phases of the motor is more than a standard motor that has one type of winding.
id-US10821948B2    abstract-A vehicle includes a user-actuatable switch and a controller. When the switch is actuated, the controller is adapted to effect a regenerative braking command to actuate a regenerative brake system when a vehicle speed is above a threshold speed, and to effect a parking brake command to actuate an electric park brake when the vehicle speed is less than or equal to the threshold speed.
id-KR20200074202A    abstract-전동 배력 장치의 마스터압 제어 장치는, 차량 전원의 전압의 저하에 의해 전동 모터의 구동을 제한하는 조건이 성립한 경우, 입력 부재의 조작량에 따른 전동 모터에의 전류의 상한을, 전류 제한값 A로 한다. 마스터압 제어 장치는, 브레이크 페달이 조작되어 있는 상태에서, 차량 전원의 전압이 정상으로 복귀함으로써 전동 모터의 구동을 제한하는 조건이 해제된 경우, 입력 부재의 조작량에 따른 전동 모터에의 전류의 상한을, 전류 제한값 B로 한다. 전류 제한값 B는, 전동 모터의 구동이 제한되어 있을 때의 전류 제한값 A보다 크고, 또한, 전동 모터의 구동이 제한되어 있지 않을 때의 전류 제한값 N보다 작다.
id-WO2019086122A1    abstract-Vorrichtung für eine Scheibenbremse (1) eines Fahrzeugs zum Erzeugen von Energie, sowie ein Verfahren für eine Scheibenbremse zum Erzeugen und Speichern von Energie, insbesondere für Nutzfahrzeuge (2), aufweisend einen Bremssattel (3), der eine Bremsscheibe übergreift und an einem Bremsträger (5) befestigt ist, eine Zuspanneinrichtung (6) zum zu Spannen eines zuspannseitigen Bremsbelages (7) gegen die Bremsscheibe, wobei die Zuspanneinrichtung (6) eine Druckspindel (13) aufweist und wobei eine Nachstellvorrichtung (14), zum gleichmäßigen Einstellen eines Lüftspiels mit der Druckspindel (13) gekoppelt ist.
id-DE102017128361A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft eine Kühlsystem-Parksperrenbetätigungszylinder-Anordnung (1) für ein Kraftfahrzeug, mit einem einen Kühlmittelkreislauf (2) aufweisenden Kühlsystem (3), einer an den Kühlmittelkreislauf (2) angeschlossenen Pumpe (4) sowie einem in dem Kühlmittelkreislauf (2) angeordneten Sperrventil (5), wobei das Sperrventil (5) derart ausgebildet ist, dass es in seiner ersten Stellung einen mit einem Ausgang (6) der Pumpe (4) verbundenen ersten Leitungsabschnitt (7) von einem zu dem Kühlsystem (3) hin führenden zweiten Leitungsabschnitt (8) abtrennt und in seiner zweiten Stellung den ersten Leitungsabschnitt (7) mit dem zweiten Leitungsabschnitt (8) verbindet, wobei weiterhin ein zur Betätigung einer Parksperre ausgebildeter Betätigungszylinder (9) in dem Kühlmittelkreislauf (2) integriert ist, der Betätigungszylinder (9) eine durch ein Gehäuse (10) sowie einen verschiebbar in dem Gehäuse (10) aufgenommenen Kolben (11) eingeschlossene Druckkammer (12) aufweist und die Druckkammer (12) mit dem ersten Leitungsabschnitt (7) dauerhaft verbunden oder über ein Ventil (13) verbindbar ist, und wobei das Sperrventil (5) derart elektrisch betätigt ist und/oder die Pumpe (4) sowie der erste Leitungsabschnitt (7) derart aufeinander abgestimmt sind, dass im Betrieb der Pumpe (4) sowie in der ersten Stellung des Sperrventils (5) in dem ersten Leitungsabschnitt (7) gezielt ein höherer Druck als in dem zweiten Leitungsabschnitt (8) eingestellt ist.
id-KR20190062975A    abstract-본 발명은 마일드 하이브리드 시스템의 회생제동 진입 방법에 관한 것이다. 본 발명에 따른 마일드 하이브리드 시스템의 회생제동 진입 방법은 마일드 하이브리드 시스템의 차량 주행 중 브레이크가 동작되어 회생제동 진입시, 휠 토크가 클러치 부하 토크보다 일정값(Threshold) 이상 큰 경우에만 회생제동을 수행하도록 하여 회생제동시 비정상적인 엔진 오프 발생을 방지하는 것을 특징으로 한다.
id-DE202017006079U1    abstract-System eines oder mehrerer berührungsloser Wirbelstromgeneratoren an stromleitenden Gegenelementen (2), deren Anordnung zueinander die Stromerzeugung bereits bei niedriger Relativgeschwindigkeit zum bewegten Gegenelement erlaubt und auch bei minimaler Generatorgröße eine Wirbelstromverzahnung in praxisgerechtem Abstand zum Gegenelement erlaubt.
