id-WO2011110370A1    abstract-The air conditioner contains a thermal switch, and the water inlet pipe (1,2) of the incubator is separated by a wick with a thermal wall with an ablation surface on both sides for ventilation and exhaust. On one side of the waterproofing surface is a layer (4) of active liquid, which is dispersed in different directions by capillaries.
id-JP2013525734A    abstract-Supplies heat exchange elements for ventilation devices for window doors. In the heat exchange element of the ventilation device for window doors, where multiple heat exchange plates are stacked and a large number of hollow parts are formed between the heat exchange plates, the central part of the heat exchange plates is made of total heat exchangeable material, and the outer frame surrounding the central part is sensible heat exchangeable Total heat and sensible heat composite heat exchange elements for ventilation equipment for window doors, which are characterized by their ability to make materials. According to the invention, the heat exchange performance and the load structure can be improved.
id-US20110283720A1    abstract-A system and method for transferring heat from a process source and dissipating it to the ambient atmosphere. The system uses a low-volatility, hygroscopic working fluid to reject thermal energy directly to ambient air. Direct-contact heat exchange allows for the creation of large interfacial surface areas for effective heat transfer. Heat transfer is further enhanced by water vapor pressure gradients present between the equilibrium moisture content of the working fluid and the ambient air. Cyclic absorption and evaporation of atmospheric moisture dampens variations in cooling capacity because of ambient temperature changes. The low-volatility and hygroscopic nature of the working fluid prevents complete evaporation of the fluid and a net consumption of water.
id-US8984905B2    abstract-A desiccant air conditioner has a high energy efficiency due to the absence of excessive heat loss due to ventilation. In order to meet this requirement, the desiccant air conditioner is equipped with a honeycomb rotor wash-coated with agents having capabilities of absorptions of humidity, carbon dioxide and nitrogen, and this honeycomb rotor is divided into at least an absorption zone and a desorption zone. The air in a room is, after being passed through the absorption zone, fed back to the room, and the air which is passed through the desorption zone is exhausted into outside of the room. In this way, carbon dioxide and nitrogen in a room, the latter quantity being corresponded to that of the consumed oxygen in the room, are exhausted into outside of the room, allowing to exhaust carbon dioxide and at the same time to keep the oxygen density to within an allowed limit without the need of excessive ventilation.
id-US10302317B2    abstract-An energy exchanger is provided. The exchanger includes a housing having a front and a back. A plurality of panels forming desiccant channels extend from the front to the back of the housing. Air channels are formed between adjacent panels. The air channels are configured to direct an air stream in a direction from the front of the housing to the back of the housing. A desiccant inlet is provided in flow communication with the desiccant channels. A desiccant outlet is provided in flow communication with the desiccant channels. The desiccant channels are configured to channel desiccant from the desiccant inlet to the desiccant outlet in at least one of a counter-flow or cross-flow direction with respect to the direction of the air stream.
id-US20120023988A1    abstract-To reduce energy consumption, a desiccant air-conditioning system is provided with: an air supply channel  1  that supplies outside air A 1  that flows from the outside, to an object to be air-conditioned; an exhaust channel  2  that exhausts return air A 2  that flows from the object to be air-conditioned, to the outside; a desiccant portion  10  that adsorbs moisture from the outside air A 1  passing through the air supply channel  1 , and that desorbs the adsorbed moisture to the return air A 2  passing through the exhaust channel  2 ; a first cooling portion  31  which is installed between the desiccant portion  10  and the object to be air-conditioned in the air supply channel, and which cools the outside air A 1 ; a second cooling portion  44  which is installed between the desiccant portion  10  and the first cooling portion  31  in the air supply channel, and which absorbs the heat from the outside air A 1  to cool it; a heating portion  45  which is installed between the desiccant portion  10  and the object to be air-conditioned in the exhaust channel  2 , and which heats the return air A 2  up to at least the regeneration temperature at which the desiccant portion  10  desorbs the moisture; and a heat supplying portion  50  that supplies the heat absorbed from the outside air A 1  by the second cooling portion  44 , to the heating portion  45.
id-US20140034268A1    abstract-An architectural heat and moisture exchanger. The exchanger defines an interior channel which is divided into a plurality of sub-channels by a membrane configured to allow passage of water vapor and to prevent substantial passage of air. In some embodiments, the exchanger includes an opaque housing configured to form a portion of a building enclosure, such as an exterior wall, an interior wall, a roof, a floor, or a foundation.
id-US20120012290A1    abstract-An architectural heat and moisture exchanger. The exchanger defines an interior channel which is divided into a plurality of sub-channels by a membrane configured to allow passage of water vapor and to prevent substantial passage of air. In some embodiments, the exchanger includes an opaque housing configured to form a portion of a building enclosure, such as an exterior wall, an interior wall, a roof, a floor, or a foundation.
id-US9885486B2    abstract-A heat pump system for conditioning air supplied to a space is provided. The system includes a pre-processing module that pre-conditions supply air. A supply air heat exchanger is in flow communication with the pre-processing module. The supply air heat exchanger receives air from the pre-processing module and at least one of heats or cools the air from the pre-processing module. A processing module is in flow communication with the supply air heat exchanger. The processing module receiving and conditioning air from the supply air heat exchanger. A regeneration air heat exchanger is provided to at least one of heat or cool regeneration air. The regeneration air heat exchanger and the supply air heat exchanger are fluidly coupled by a refrigerant system.
id-US10274210B2    abstract-A heat pump system for conditioning outside air supplied to a building is provided. The system includes a pre-processing module that receives and cools air when the system is operating in a summer mode. A supply air heat exchanger is in flow communication with the pre-processing module. The supply air heat exchanger receives and cools air from the pre-processing module in the summer mode. A processing module is in flow communication with the supply air heat exchanger. The processing module receives and dehumidifies saturated air from the supply air heat exchanger in the summer mode.
id-EP2431679A2    abstract-The invention comprises a ventilation system (1) equipped with a vent hole (2), a vent hole (4), an outlet (5) and a heat exchange (3). The Field Assets Control System provides a Raumbeluftung Gerateanpassung with this aspect of the existing spacious input and cost optimization system and the use of components that allow price increases to be invented :(1) Raumbeluftung Before Luftungsgerat (2), simultaneously ordered thermal energy by (3)rauminnenseitig and Abluftkanal Zuluftkanal(4), (5) through a Raumwand(20) education is led to Fensteroffnung (12).
id-US9194630B2    abstract-A dual air flow exchanger, enabling heat transfer and humidity transfer between two air flows, and including a plurality of air circulation networks stacked on each other along a stacking direction and separated in pairs by membranes permeable to water vapor and impermeable to air. At least one of the networks is made from a honeycomb structure with its two sides bearing on two of the membranes, the structure including cylindrical cells with axes parallel to the direction, and in which at least some of the cell faces are perforated to allow air passage.
