id-US20200263897A1    abstract-A an air handler system, and a method of treating air with the system, the system including a heat exchanger portion configured to draw in room air and outside air to be applied to a heat exchanger, the outside air being drawn from an area adjacent to a room containing the air handler system, and an HVAC portion to perform heating and cooling to air to be circulated into the room, wherein the heat exchanger portion is configured to deliver the outside air treated by the heat exchanger to the HVAC portion to be heated and cooled along with room air drawn into the HVAC portion.
id-WO2020178988A1    abstract-Air processing equipment (500) includes a total heat exchanger (40), a heat supply device (12) with a heater (10) and a cooler (11), upstream damper (20), a first stationary desiccant (30) and a second stationary desiccant (31). Equipped with a composite dehumidification device (32). The upstream damper (20) causes the air (RA) to flow into one of the stationary (30) and the second stationary (31) and the air (OA) to flow into the other stationary (30). The upstream damper (20) is designed to connect the air flow path (810) and the air flow path (811) so that the air flow (RA) and the air flow (OA) pass through the different static air flow paths between the first static air flow path (30) and the second static air flow path (31). (switch).
id-JPWO2020189433A1    abstract-It is a total heat exchange element composed of liner and flute, the liner contains a moisture absorbent of 1 ~ 10g/m2, and the flute has a water contact Angle of 60 ° ~ 120 ° after 2 seconds of dripping, maintaining excellent total heat exchange efficiency Can be a total heat exchange element.
id-US11378289B2    abstract-An apparatus is provided and arranged with an air control system to alternately direct a first and a second airflow to a first and a second energy-absorbing body in order to achieve a heat and moisture transfer between the two airflows. The energy exchange bodies alternate between recovery and release modes such that when one energy exchange body is in the release mode the other is in the recovery mode. Each of the first and second energy absorbing bodies is divided into a first latent energy recovery portion which includes a moisture absorbent material so that it is arranged to absorb latent energy and a second sensible energy recovery portion which is substantially free from moisture absorbent material so as to absorb primarily sensible energy.
id-EP3734173A1    abstract-The invention involves distributing the Luftbefeuchtung thoroughly with an Enthalpie-Warmeubertrager (1) interface (China 1.1, 1.2, x 14) for air exchange of Fortluft Zuluft and Abluft. Also Chinese Enthalpie-Warmeubertrager :(1) Specify port (14th) as Abluft See on Abluft Stromungsrichtung as vorgeschaltet Befeuchtungseinrichtung (2) . After invention, in addition to local thermometers (1), humidity expansions (1.1), 1.2, 1.4) are included for external air, ventilation, ventilation and ventilation ventilators (6).
id-JP6632174B1    abstract-[problem] to provide an air conditioning system and an air conditioning method that can efficiently perform comfortable air conditioning. Solution: air harmonization system 1 applies the total heat exchanger 10, air conditioning core 20 for indirect vaporization cooling, heat pump 30, air supply path 40, exhaust path 50 and outdoor air to the wet channel of air conditioning core 20. Has an indoor outdoor air flow path 60. Air supply path 40 guides the outdoor air to the total heat exchanger 10 and then to the dry channel of the air conditioning core unit 20 to supply air to the indoor air supply. The exhaust path 50 has a first exhaust path 51 that, after guiding the indoor air to the total heat exchanger 10, will guide at least a portion of the indoor air that has passed the total heat exchanger 10 to the wet channel of the air conditioning core unit 20 and can be discharged outdoors. There is. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US11493217B2    abstract-A hybrid humidity control and air purification device and method for hybrid humidity control and air purification. The hybrid device is a single unit capable of humidifying dry environmental air, dehumidifying humid environmental air and removing particulates and contaminants from the air. The device controls the outgoing air to a relative humidity setpoint between 35-50% with negligible particulate matter content. Particulate matter is transferred to water, which may be supplied and flushed by an automatic water pumping system.
id-US20220010983A1    abstract-A humidity control device includes a condenser and a water absorber-drainer. The condenser has a first region and a second region. The first region is a region having hydrophilicity and where moisture is condensed. The condensed moisture is moved by gravity to the water absorber-drainer via the second region. The water absorber-drainer includes a temperature control member and has a water absorption surface and a water drainage surface. When a temperature of the water absorber-drainer is in a first temperature region, the water absorber-drainer absorbs through the water absorption surface the moisture moved from the condenser. When the temperature of the water absorber-drainer is controlled to be in a second temperature region by an operation of the temperature control member, the water absorber-drainer drains the absorbed moisture through the water drainage surface.
id-US11609023B1    abstract-An improved HVAC system and method for simultaneously controlling the temperature and humidity of an indoor space while providing high quantities of outdoor air is described herein. The HVAC system of the present invention utilizes a heating source positioned in the supply passageway between an energy recovery wheel and a dehumidification wheel in order to control the temperature and humidity of air supplied to the indoor space while preventing frost build-up on the energy recover wheel. By positioning a heating source between the energy recovery wheel and a dehumidification wheel, the system is able to prevent frost accumulation on the energy recovery wheel during winter operation while also increasing the relative humidity of the supply air.
id-US11608997B1    abstract-A dedicated outdoor air system and method that is capable of operating over a broader spectrum of conditions. The HVAC system of the present invention utilizes a heating means positioned within the return air passageway in order to optimize the regeneration of the desiccant wheel and energy recovery device. By positioning a heating means upstream of the regeneration side of the desiccant wheel, the system is capable of providing supply air having low dew points to the enclosed space while still providing improved energy efficiency over conventional HVAC systems.
id-US11333371B1    abstract-A dedicated outdoor air system and method that is capable of operating over a broader spectrum of conditions. The HVAC system of the present invention utilizes a heating means positioned within the return air passageway in order to optimize the regeneration of the desiccant wheel and energy recovery device. By positioning a heating means upstream of the regeneration side of the desiccant wheel, the system is capable of providing supply air having low dew points to the enclosed space while still providing improved energy efficiency over conventional HVAC systems.
id-JP2021013228A    abstract-[challenges] to provide a cooling system that enables efficient cooling of the power generation elements in the solar power generation system and efficient reuse of the heat recovered from the power generation elements by cooling. The solution is a cooling system 10 that cools the power generation element 11 included in the solar power generation system, circulating path 12 in which the cooling refrigerant composed of fluorocarbons circulates, and refrigerant pump 13 in which the cooling refrigerant circulates in circulating path 12. The flow control valve 14 is arranged on the downstream side of the refrigerant pump 13 and on the upstream side of the power generation element 11, which ACTS as an evaporator in circulation path 12; I do. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-JP2021025756A    abstract-The invention disclosed a highly efficient and intelligent automated processing equipment for the rotor of a rotary heat exchanger and its operation method. The invention destroys the center of gravity of the rotor of the rotating heat exchanger by the circulation of gas, breaks the original stationary state, and changes the external environment. Before the intervention of the force source, the initial speed of rotation is given to the inside of the rotating heat exchanger rotor, which reduces the time to reach the expected speed and increases efficiency. In addition, the ventilation structure of the equipment is coupled with the arc-shaped structure, and the inner wall of the rotating heat exchanger rotor is not operated At the same time, it can prevent the entry of impurities, and at the same time, it can restrict the movement of the metal belt by pulling the stop door with the chain rod when it is released from the limitation of holding, so as to ensure the stability of the operation of the equipment. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20220307710A1    abstract-A dehumidification system (1) comprising a sorption dehumidifier unit (2); a process air circuit (3) arranged to conduct a process air flow through desiccant material in the dehumidifier unit (2); a regeneration air circuit (4) arranged to conduct a regeneration air flow through desiccant material in the dehumidifier unit (2); and a heat pump (5) comprising an evaporator (6) and a condenser (7), where the system further comprises an intermediate fluid circuit (8) with a cooling fluid (C), arranged to cool the process air in a heat exchanger (9) before inlet of the process air into the dehumidifier unit (2), said intermediate fluid circuit (8) comprising a fluid pump (11) and a main conduit (8a) arranged to conduct cooling fluid (C) through the process air cooling heat exchanger (9) and through the evaporator (6) of the heat pump, and the intermediate fluid circuit (8) further comprising a flow control system (10) arranged to control the flow of cooling fluid (C) in the intermediate fluid circuit (8) to obtain a cooling fluid temperature dependent parameter value (T1) in the intermediate fluid circuit (8) upstream of the process air cooling heat exchanger (9), which corresponds to a given set-point cooling fluid temperature dependent parameter value (T1set).
