id-US20170284696A1    abstract-An air conditioning system capable of treating a conditioned space by treating outdoor air from outside the conditioned space and treating air returned from inside the conditioned space, and mixing the outdoor air with the returned air to form supply air for the conditioned space, the air conditioning system including: •an outdoor air latent cooling treatment stage and a return air sensible cooling treatment stage, and •an air mixer for mixing outdoor air with return air to form the conditioned space supply air; wherein the outdoor air latent cooling treatment stage includes a dehumidification evaporator and the return air sensible cooling treatment stage includes a sensible evaporator, both evaporators being coupled to a direct expansion refrigeration circuit, and wherein the dehumidification evaporator thermal capacity is regulated in response to conditioned space humidity and the sensible evaporator thermal capacity is regulated in response to conditioned space dry bulb temperature.
id-US20160339380A1    abstract-A liquid desiccant regeneration system and method of liquid desiccant regeneration are described. The liquid desiccant regeneration system includes a liquid desiccant regenerator having an engine producing a heated exit stream, and at least one dehydrating tube comprising a first water vapor permeable wall. A low concentration liquid desiccant stream feeds into the liquid desiccant regenerator, while a high concentration liquid desiccant stream exiting the liquid desiccant regenerator. A carrier stream and the low concentration liquid desiccant are in contact with opposite sides of the first water vapor permeable wall, and the low concentration liquid desiccant stream is heated by heat from the heated exit stream to drive water from the low concentration liquid desiccant stream through the first water vapor permeable wall to the carrier stream to form a humidified carrier stream. As a result, the desiccant concentration in the high concentration liquid desiccant stream is higher than a desiccant concentration in the low concentration liquid desiccant stream.
id-JP2015148413A    abstract-[challenge] efficient dehumidification is the challenge. The whole heat exchanger, the desiccant rotor and the air are connected to the main path through the whole heat exchanger, the cooling coil and the desiccant rotor and the main path before and after the whole heat exchanger, and the first bypass path through which the air bypasses the whole heat exchanger. It is connected to the main path before and after the extractor rotor, and controls the air through the main path, the first bypass path and the second bypass path according to the air input and humidity of the outside air. It is characterized by having a control device to perform. Select diagram: figure 8
id-US20160377302A1    abstract-Provided are flexible panel devices that use desiccants for heat and mass transfer processes, including but not limited to air conditioning systems, for example, liquid desiccant air conditioning (LDAC) applications wherein the liquid desiccant is contained in a panel that comprises at least one hydrophilic separation layer, which allows water vapor transfer between the air and liquid desiccant and enable dehumidification and humidification of the air. The flexible panel devices can be installed on an absorber (conditioner) side or a desorber (regenerator) side or both of a LDAC system. The devices have two flexible layers, at least one of which comprises a flexible and water vapor permeable hydrophilic separation layer, that form a desiccant flow channel and a desiccant flow distributor located therein. The two flexible layers may both be permeable hydropholic separation layers, or they may comprise one permeable hydrophilic separation layer along with another layer that may be a non-porous structure or a water-vapor permeable hydrophobic separation layer.
id-EP2913603A1    abstract-The invention is designed to transfer heat from the first gas stream (2) to the second gas stream (3): -- at least one after the first time (4) through the Rekuperator Gasstrom(2) 's first (1) zufuhrbar is - at least a second time after (5) by the first Gasstrom(2)' s friend Rekuperator:(1) abfuhrbar - at least a third time after (6) the second Gasstrom(3) Rekuperator:(1) zufuhrbar is - at least one fourth time after (7) passing through the second Gasstrom(3) of the friend Rekuperator:(1) abfuhrbar - the first group (11) of the irrigation channels and two Endbereichen (11a, 11) (b)), while in the Betriebsposition Endbereich (11a), followed by the second (4) and second Endbereich 11 (b) to the second port (5) while in the second Betriebsposition Endbereich (11a) after (7) the fourth and second Endbereich 11 (b) are connected to the third port (6) of the second group (12) - this channel and the two Endbereichen (12a, 12b) are simultaneously in a former Betriebsposition of the Endbereich (12a) The third port (6) and the second Endbereich (12b) are connected with the fourth after (7) while the second Betriebsposition Endbereich (12a) is connected with the first and second Endbereich after (5) (12b) after the (4) connection and a band of Umschaltmittel around the drehbar storage drum (8), (9) in the canal which group (11) and the second group of channels (12) lost their way, the first Betriebsposition group channel in the settlement of the first Trommelposition(a) (11,12) The amount of the second Trommelposition(b) was carried out in the second round Betriebsposition group channel (equivalent to the shooting method. 11,12)
id-WO2015126239A1    abstract-A heat and moisture exchanger comprises a membrane that is selectively permeable to water vapour, having heat conducting fins attached to both its surfaces. The fins on the first surface are arranged in heat conducting relation with the fins on the second surface for enhancing heat transfer through the membrane. In this manner, a first relatively warm, moist air stream flowing over the first surface can transfer heat and moisture through the membrane to a second relatively cooler and drier air stream flowing over the second surface. By additionally providing the membrane with heat conducting fins, greater thermal or sensible heat transfer can be achieved to and through the membrane.
id-US10619895B1    abstract-Liquid desiccant air-conditioning systems cool and dehumidify a space in a building when operating in a cooling operation mode, and heat and humidify the space when operating in a heating operation mode.
id-JP2015210005A    abstract-[challenges] control the treated air temperature at the exit of the air cooler to the temperature suitable for the air conditioning room by a low-cost means. The first process for detecting the temperature TE of the treated air SA at the exit of the air cooler 39 and when the treated air temperature TE detected in the first process does not reach the threshold (for example, 20 degrees Celsius), it is arranged in the regenerated air room 14 on the exit side of the decilator 22. The recovered air DA and the thermal fluid are heat exchanged through the heat exchanger 40, and the thermal fluid heated in the second process and the second process is circulated through the heat exchanger 42 set in the processing air room 12 on the outlet side of the extractor rotor 22, and the thermal fluid is processed with the thermal fluid. The third process is to heat the air SA and raise the treated air temperature on the outlet side of the air cooler 39 to above the above threshold. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US10203122B2    abstract-An air-conditioning and ventilation apparatus includes an air-conditioning coil that is installed on a downstream side of a heat exchanger in a supply air trunk and changes cooling capacity with respect to heat-exchanged outdoor air in multiple stages; an outdoor-air temperature and humidity sensor that detects temperature and relative humidity of the outdoor air; and a control unit that stores therein reference data in which the cooling capacity is set for each combination of temperature and relative humidity of the outdoor air such that absolute humidity of supply air becomes equal to or lower than indoor target absolute humidity on the basis of a dehumidification load corresponding to an absolute humidity difference between indoors and outdoors, and determines a cooling capacity value of the air-conditioning coil on the basis of detection results during a cooling operation by the outdoor-air temperature and humidity sensor and the reference data.
id-US10281162B2    abstract-A dual air flow exchanger, allowing a heat transfer and humidity transfer between two air flows, and including a plurality of first and second air circulation networks separated by membranes permeable to water vapor and impermeable to air and to liquid water, each of the first and second networks including cells each defined by a wall including openings for passage of air, the cell wall including two opposing edges at which same is open in a direction of stacking. For at least one of the first networks, at least one of the two opposing edges of each cell wall defines a hollow open in a direction of the second directly consecutive air circulation network, the hollows receiving a part of the second network.
id-US10712024B2    abstract-A liquid to air membrane energy exchanger (LAMEE) can be used as part of a heating and cooling system to transfer heat and moisture between a liquid desiccant and an air stream to condition the temperature and humidity of the air flowing through the LAMEE. The membrane can be a non-porous film having selective permeability for water, but not for other constituents that form the liquid desiccant. The non-porous membrane can allow for use of liquid desiccants, such as glycols, that had been previously determined to be unacceptable or undesirable in these types of applications. In an example, the membrane can be an ion-exchange membrane or pervaporation membrane.
id-WO2016023485A1    abstract-The invention relates to a control method of a fresh air heat exchange air conditioning system, which comprises: S1: host power initialization; S2: Detect and judge the range of indoor temperature t and indoor and outdoor temperature difference △t, compare the indoor temperature t with the maximum indoor temperature t1 and the minimum indoor temperature t2, and simultaneously compare the indoor and outdoor temperature difference △t with the preset indoor and outdoor temperature difference t3, select the operation mode of the fresh air heat exchange air conditioning system according to the comparison results, keep the cycle in step S2, and enter the step S3; S3: Power supply by the fan (8) and exhaust fan (9). Alternatively, simply advance step S3 from the previous method to step S2, and push the other steps back. A fresh air heat exchange air conditioning system comprises a host controller (1), an outdoor temperature sensor (2), an indoor temperature sensor (3), a fresh air heat exchanger (4), etc. The outdoor temperature sensor (2), indoor temperature sensor (3), supply fan (8), and exhaust fan (9) are electrically connected to the host controller (1), and the host controller (1) controls the operation mode of the air conditioning system.
id-US10775056B2    abstract-The present invention provides improved dehumidification and/or air conditioning systems, and associated methods and equipment, for example for use in a natatorium housing a swimming pool, or other buildings which may enclose sources of humidity or otherwise resulting in a need for air treatment.
id-US9702573B2    abstract-A novel nested heat transfer system comprises a plurality of chained enhanced entrochemical cells with nested structures. Each enhanced entrochemical cell includes a first chamber containing desiccant, or a higher concentration solution, and a second chamber containing refrigerant, or a lower concentration solution. Preferably, the first chamber and the second chamber are connected by a conduit. Furthermore, a smaller chamber in an enhanced entrochemical cell is encapsulated by a larger chamber in an adjacent enhanced entrochemical cell, thus forming a nested structure between the two enhanced entrochemical cells. A chain of enhanced entrochemical cells with a plurality of such nested structures is conveniently modular and scalable. For the novel nested heat transfer system, the total systemic thermal gradient is the sum of individual thermal gradients and capacity of individual enhanced entrochemical cells. This design provides highly-versatile and high-capacity refrigeration and thermal transfer systems, while exhibiting an elegant design simplicity.
id-US20170198926A1    abstract-A humidity control apparatus includes a housing having an air passage formed therein; a humidity control unit including a first conductive electrode provided in the air passage and having an adsorbent attached thereto, a second conductive electrode provided in the air passage and disposed along the first conductive electrode, and a third conductive electrode interposed between the first conductive electrode and the second conductive electrode and having a potential intermediate between potentials of the first conductive electrode and the second conductive electrode; a power supply unit configured to apply a voltage to the first conductive electrode and the second conductive electrode; and a fan configured to supply air to the air passage to cause the air to flow through the humidity control unit.
id-WO2016056898A1    abstract-The air-conditioning system comprises a dehumidification module and a regeneration module, that are arranged such that a first flow of liquid desiccant material may run in a cycle between those. The system also comprises a first container for the liquid desiccant material for supply into the dehumidifier module. Furthermore, the system is provided with a second regeneration module for generation of a second flow of liquid desiccant material and a second container for storage of desiccant material with an entry for the dehumidified second flow. It further comprises mixing means for mixing desiccant material from the second container into the first container and/or with the first flow upstream of the dehumidifier module. Particularly, the second flow is heated prior to regeneration by means of a heat-exchanger drawing heat – directly or indirectly - from a cooling liquid of a fuel-driven generator
id-US9816714B2    abstract-A method of controlling moisture reaching a building façade may include providing a weather resistant building shield, the shield including first and second subchannels. The building shield may be disposed parallel to an inner façade and separated from the inner façade by an air gap. The method may include causing input air to flow through the first subchannel at an input air flow rate and causing exhaust air to flow through the second subchannel at an exhaust air flow rate. Controlling at least one of the input and exhaust air flow rates may provide control over moisture content in the gap.
id-WO2016085416A1    abstract-An air conditioner that kills dust mites, bacteria, and fungus using humidity control comprises an air-reconditioning unit (3) installed in the outdoor air conditioner unit (1). The air-reconditioning unit (3) comprises an air pump creating air suction in two attached tubes (13, 14). A first tube (13) brings in moisture from a water-based heat exchanger (2). A second tube (14) brings in heat from a fan (5). The mixture is sent through an air pipe (4) back into a room through the indoor air conditioner unit (6). The air conditioner controls the level of moisture and heat brought in from outside into the room.
id-WO2016074077A1    abstract-An energy exchange system for conditioning air in an interior space of a structure. The system may include at least one supply liquid-to-air membrane energy exchanger (LAMEE) unit for conditioning air from outside to form supply air for the interior space, and at least one exhaust LAMEE unit for collecting air from the interior space to form exhaust air. An auxiliary loop may fluidly connect between a desiccant liquid outlet of the exhaust LAMEE unit and a desiccant liquid inlet of the supply LAMEE unit. In a first mode, desiccant liquid is circulated between the supply LAMEE unit and the exhaust LAMEE unit. In a second mode, desiccant liquid is circulated between the supply LAMEE unit, the exhaust LAMEE unit, and the auxiliary loop, and water content of the desiccant liquid is decreased in the auxiliary loop.
