id-US8486178B2    abstract-A membrane cartridge is manufactured by repeatedly folding and joining two strips of membrane to form a cross-pleated cartridge with a stack of openings or fluid passageways configured in an alternating cross-flow arrangement. The cartridge can be modified for other flow configurations including co-flow and counter-flow arrangements. Methods for manufacturing such cross-pleated membrane cartridges, as well as apparatus used in the manufacturing process are described. Cross-pleated membrane cartridges comprising water-permeable membranes can be used in a variety of applications, including in heat and water vapor exchangers. In particular they can be incorporated into energy recovery ventilators (ERVs) for exchanging heat and water vapor between air streams being directed into and out of buildings.
id-US9518784B2    abstract-An indirect evaporative cooler for cooling inlet supply air from a first temperature to a second, lower temperature using a stream of liquid coolant and a stream of exhaust or purge air. The cooler includes a first flow channel for inlet supply air and a second flow channel adjacent the first for exhaust air. The first and second flow channels are defined in part by sheets of a membrane permeable to water vapor such that mass is transferred as a vapor through the membrane from the inlet supply air to a contained liquid desiccant for dehumidification and also to the exhaust air as heat is transferred from the inlet supply air to the liquid coolant. A separation wall divides the liquid desiccant and the coolant but allows heat to be transferred from the supply air to the coolant which releases water vapor to the counter or cross flowing exhaust air.
id-US20110185752A1    abstract-The air to be supplied to a room is brought to a desired temperature and a desired humidity through the following process steps:         making outside air flow as a first air stream through a first line ( 20 ) and making a first portion of exhaust air coming from the room flow as a second air stream through a second line ( 21 ), wherein moisture is exchanged between the first air stream and the second air stream by means of a device for exchanging humidity,   condensing, by means of a dehumidifying and cooling device ( 19 ), moisture in the form of water from the first air stream and/or from the second air stream and/or inside the device for exchanging humidity, and   making a second portion of the exhaust air flow as a third air stream through another line ( 32 ) comprising another dehumidifying and cooling device ( 33 ) and returning said second portion back to the room, wherein in the other dehumidifying and cooling device ( 33 ) moisture is condensed from the third air stream in the form of water.
id-US20100101764A1    abstract-The present invention provides a double flow-circuit heat exchange device for periodic positive and reverse directional pumping, which is disposed with the bi-directional fluid pump capable of producing positive pressure or negative pressure at the fluid port on two sides of the bi-directional heat exchange device for periodically positive and reverse pumping the two fluid circuits in opposite flowing directions, thereby in the operation of periodically positive and reverse pumping to maintain the two fluid circuits in different flowing directions.
id-US9207020B2    abstract-A double flow-circuit heat exchange device for periodic positive and reverse directional pumping having at least two bi-directional fluid pumps. The bi-directional fluid pumps produce positive pressure or negative pressure at fluid ports on two sides of the bi-directional heat exchange device to periodically pump the fluid in positive and reverse flowing directions. During operation of the periodically positive and reverse pumping, the directional flow of the fluid in first and second flow fluid circuits are maintained in different flowing directions.
