id-US10982874B2    abstract-An air-conditioning apparatus includes a heat pipe, which performs heat exchange. The air-conditioning apparatus provides supply air in a set state (temperature, humidity) through a change in the flow passage of ventilation air and outside air by the selective opening/shutting of dampers, cooling the outside air by spraying mist, and cooling and humidifying the supply air. The cooling temperature and humidity of the supply air is controlled at a ratio of the ventilation air passing through a cooling coil and the ventilation air passing through a bypass passage. Using a bypass passage, ventilation air can directly move to an air supply block without the intervention of the cooling coil within a heat exchange block through which a ventilation air passes.
id-WO2018142782A1    abstract-It is possible to reduce the size, reduce the cost, and make it possible to reduce the size, reduce the cost, and make it more durable air treatment equipment, control method of air treatment equipment, control method of air treatment system and air treatment equipment. Provide the law. Set in the air supply path 100 that supplies the external air to the air conditioning space R, and set in the air supply path 100. Set in the temperature control part 20 that adjusts the temperature of the external air in a way that the specific enthalpy of the external air becomes a specified value. The moisture regulating part 23 is used to adjust the humidity of the outside air, and the regenerating part 3 is used to adjust the concentration of the moisture absorbing and releasing solution so that the outside air becomes the set humidity. I have to.
id-US20230204235A1    abstract-A dehumidification system includes a compressor, a primary evaporator, a primary condenser, a secondary evaporator, a secondary condenser, a modulating valve, and a liquid-cooled alternate condenser. The secondary evaporator receives an inlet airflow and outputs a first airflow to the primary evaporator. The primary evaporator receives the first airflow and outputs a second airflow to the secondary condenser. The secondary condenser receives the second airflow and outputs a third airflow to the primary condenser. The primary condenser receives the third airflow and outputs a dehumidified airflow. The compressor receives a flow of refrigerant from the primary evaporator and provides the flow of refrigerant to the modulating valve. The modulating valve directs the flow of refrigerant to the primary condenser and to the alternate condenser. The alternate condenser receives a portion of the flow of refrigerant and transfers heat from the refrigerant to a flow of fluid.
id-US20200124299A1    abstract-An air-conditioning system includes: a dehumidifying unit configured to mix air discharged from an environmental testing chamber with outside air for dehumidification and to discharge dry air; a dry air thermal controlling unit configured to thermally control the dry air discharged from the dehumidifying unit to have a temperature lower than a preset air temperature inside the environmental testing chamber; and a dry air heating unit configured to heat the dry air thermally controlled by the dry air thermal controlling unit up to the preset air temperature and to supply the dry air to the environmental testing chamber. The dehumidifying unit preferably discharges the dry air having a dew point temperature of −30° C. or less.
id-US20210402356A1    abstract-The present invention provides enthalpy exchanger elements (E, E′) and enthalpy exchangers comprising such elements. Furthermore, the invention discloses a method for producing such enthalpy exchanger elements and enthalpy exchangers, comprising the steps of a) providing an air-permeable sheet element ( 1 ); b) laminating at least one side ( 1   a,    1   b ) of the sheet element ( 1 ) with a thin polymer film ( 3, 4 ) with water vapor transmission characteristics; and c) forming the laminated sheet element ( 1 ) into a desired shape exhibiting a three-dimensional corrugation pattern ( 5, 5, . . . ).
id-US20190049187A1    abstract-A heat exchanger includes a plate with an external surface, a channel, and a nozzle. The external surface bounds an interior of the plate. The channel is disposed in the heat exchanger and passes through a portion of the interior. The nozzle is integrally disposed in the heat exchanger, extends through a portion of the external surface, and is fluidly connected to the channel. The nozzle is configured to transport a liquid from the channel, through the external surface, and to distribute the liquid onto a portion of the heat exchanger.
id-EP3450862A1    abstract-Installations for a building, in particular the Schwimmhalle exchange of water and heat, include the Stromungskanal (20), the first phase of the second Stromungskanal (18), the first fan (38), to angesaugte Abluft(28) was the first to press air (37) through the head of the Stromungskanal (20) in the building and made another fan (36) to angesaugte Aussenluft(30 years old) as a second air compression (39) second Stromungskanal (18) detected hineinzufuhren, an attachable gyrospinner (22), And a heat generator (22) for the adsorber in a flow of water above the direction of the vacuum cleaner (39) in the second air stream; Also by Sorptionsrotor(22) of Berlin Stirnflache 25a Warmetauscherrotors (23) of Sawarmetauscherrotor (23) of Berlin Stirnflache Sorptionsrotors (24a)(22) of the first Stromungskanal Rosalie zugeordneter (20)(44) and a second Stromungskanal (18) of zugeordneter of the second Rosalie (46). The expansion to the first empty room (44) and the first empty room (46) are independent of the surrounding.
id-US11662116B2    abstract-A ventilator (1) includes: an air supply fan (2) to supply outdoor air to a room; an air exhaust fan (3) to exhaust indoor air, out of the room; and a total heat exchanger (4) which is made with partition boards (41) being moisture-permeable flat parts and with spacer boards (42) being corrugated parts, the partition boards and the spacer boards being alternately stacked, the total heat exchanger exchanging heat between the outdoor air and the indoor air; and thereby suppresses ice formation. The ventilator (1) includes: an indoor temperature sensor (7); an indoor humidity sensor (8); an outdoor temperature sensor (6); and a control unit (5) to control operation of the air supply fan (2) and the air exhaust fan (3) on a basis of at least one state quantity estimated by substituting the indoor air temperature, the indoor air humidity, and the outdoor air temperature in a total heat exchanger model formula (51a) representing characteristics of the total heat exchanger (4).
id-US20190162429A1    abstract-A heat and mass exchange (HMX) device comprising a plurality of membranes arranged in a stack. Adjacent membranes are separated from one another by an airflow channel Each membrane of the stack comprises an array of integrated support structures that extend into the airflow channel and to the second membrane. The support structures comprise an adhesive material that is bonded to each membrane. The support structures divide the airflow channels into subchannels.
id-WO2019095197A1    abstract-An automatic cleaning heating and cooling air conditioner for controlling air humidity comprises a shell (1), an air exchange mechanism (2), a heating and cooling mechanism (3), a cleaning and humidifying mechanism and a control mechanism. The shell (1) is provided with an air exchange mechanism (2), a heating and cooling mechanism (3), a cleaning and humidifying mechanism and a control mechanism, and the shell (1) is provided with an inlet and an outlet; The cleaning and humidifying mechanism comprises an air pump (4), a pressure nozzle (5), a liquid storage box (6) and an atomizer (7). The air pump (4) is arranged in the shell (1), the air pump (4) is connected with a pressure nozzle (5) through a pipeline, the air pump (4) is connected with an atomizer (7) through a pipeline, and one end of the atomizer (7) is connected with a liquid storage box (6).
