id-US20140116645A1    abstract-A method and device are provided for regulating the temperature and relative humidity of the air in a building having microporous external walls and external thermal insulation, including air circulation spaces provided between the walls and the thermal insulation, and a device for supplying the spaces with a controlled air flow, the device configured for supplying the spaces with air substantially saturated with water vapour.
id-WO2012148111A2    abstract-The invention aims to provide an evaporative cooling device and method for a cooling fluid which can maximize the cooling efficiency of the cooling fluid. The present invention for the purpose of implementing, a plurality of cationic heat exchange part where cationic heat exchange is made between cooling fluid and air; And the cooling fluid evaporation latent heat above remind using cooling fluid and drop in temperature of the air passing through the evaporative cooling of revenge remind: including the air above, remind of sensible heat affected area and revenge revenge the evaporative cooling of sequential 교 once remind and remind, cooling fluid via air to pass through multiple sensible heat affected area above a passthru in reverse order, It is characterized by reverse passage of the phase evaporative cooling unit through which the above air passes.
id-JP2013519066A    abstract-According to the invention, the compressor (1), the first condenser (2) and the second condenser (3) are continuously connected, and the first expansion valve (4) and the second expansion valve (5) are respectively connected to the second condenser (3), respectively connected to the compressor (1) Disclose the heat source and cold heat source of the air-conditioning system with the first evaporator (6) and the second evaporator (7) carried out. The first evaporator (6) is connected to the first expansion valve (4) to form the first circulation tributary, and the second evaporator (7) is connected to the second expansion valve (5) to form the second circulation tributary, and the first circulation tributary connected in parallel with the second circulation tributary The second condenser (3) and the compressor (1) are connected. The heat source and cold heat source of the air-conditioning system of the invention have a relatively high refrigeration efficiency, thus significantly reducing energy consumption and protecting the atmospheric environment.
id-US20170248332A1    abstract-A system designed to introduce fresh air ventilation into the living space, eliminate contaminants, and add fresh air to augment a building's HVAC system. This is done in order to save energy, and the costs associated with heat loss or gain in a building. The system employs the use of geothermal energy conferred to air via a cavity which is constructed in the basement, on the slab, foundation, in the crawl space and/or attic of a building. This cavity is created to circulate, absorb and store/release the geo-solar characteristics of a building, taking advantage the consistent subterranean temperature of the earth and/or sun, in order to warm air from outside during the winter minimizing the foundation heat sink, and cool air during the summer. One or more heat exchangers are used to transfer the energy from contaminated air in the cavity to clean air destined for the HVAC system.
id-US9879917B2    abstract-Heat exchange apparatus comprises a plurality of thermally conductive, moisture impervious sheets. Each sheet comprises a plurality of corrugations. The plurality of sheets are disposed in a stack such that each alternate sheet has its corrugations affixed to and disposed at an angle to the corrugations of an adjacent sheet to provide a plurality of separate flow pathways. The plurality of separate flow pathways comprises first predetermined pathways and second predetermined pathways. The stack of sheets have first end portions disposed to provide a first inlets and a first outlets for the first predetermined pathways and second end portions to provide second inlets and second outlets for the second predetermined pathways. The corrugations forming the second predetermined pathways comprise a wettable surface. The first predetermined pathways are adapted for a first fluid flow and the second predetermined pathways are adapted for a countercurrent second fluid flow.
id-US9347675B2    abstract-An architectural heat and moisture exchanger. The exchanger defines an interior channel which is divided into a plurality of sub-channels by a membrane configured to allow passage of water vapor and to prevent substantial passage of air. In some embodiments, the exchanger includes an opaque housing configured to form a portion of a building enclosure, such as an exterior wall, an interior wall, a roof, a floor, or a foundation.
id-US9103497B1    abstract-A system and method for regasifying LNG using ambient air vaporizers without ambient air fog formation. The warm moist ambient air is cooled and dried using cold recovery from the cryogenic LNG stream by means of an intermediate heat transfer fluid circulated in a closed loop followed by the addition of a warm diluent air stream such that the final temperature of the exit stream of mixed air is at or above the ambient air dew point. Adjustable diluent air dampers permit an induced draft ambient vaporizer assembly.
id-US9534798B2    abstract-A coupled air-conditioning device including a dehumidification system and a vapor compression-type refrigeration system which are connected through a pipeline. The vapor compression-type refrigeration system is a closed circuit including an evaporator, a compressor, a condenser and an expansion valve. The dehumidification system includes a desiccant-wheel with a regeneration area and a processing area, a processing air blower, a regeneration air blower and an electric motor driving the desiccant-wheel to rotate. The processing air blower and the regeneration air blower are provided with an exhaust port. The condenser includes a phase-change condensation heat exchanger and a refrigerant gas cooler. The refrigerant gas cooler operates to cool the overheated refrigerant discharged from the compressor into a saturated refrigerant in gas state, employing a structural form of a tube-fin heat exchanger comprising a heat exchange tube and a fin piece.
id-WO2013021817A1    abstract-Provide outdoor air treatment equipment that can supply air that is lower than the outside air and lower humidity than the outside air to the room with a simple composition. Air supply path 13 that inhales external air and supplies it to the room; Part 31 includes a humidifier 33 for humidifying one distributed air and a second sensible heat exchanger 35 for sensible heat exchange between humidified air and the distributed air to cool the other air. Inside supply.
id-WO2013023722A1    abstract-A Zuluftstroms Kuhlvorrichtung :(1) for the production of (3) used air exchange (2), a field belonging to relatively high temperature and relative humidity, is a relatively high Kuhlvorrichtung structure (1)Abluft(4) used as a coolant for the production of Zuluft-Stroms(3) used air exchange obtained To (2) use. For certain climatic environments and a relative technisch-konstruktiven spends Wirkungsgrad Kuhlvorrichtung (1) is significantly increased and two regions of Plattenwarmetauscher aufeinanderfolgend will be proposed for Kuhlvorrichtung (1) (5,6). The air exchange by Abluft (2) and (4) is continuously filled up, with the air exchange responsible for Außenluftausgang(10) (2) missing an Außenlufteingang Plattenwarme tauschers(5) and (11) Plattenwarmetauschers endless (2) Air exchange after the thoughts (6) Stromungsweg air exchange (2)a coolant (12) ordered air exchange (2) abkuhlbar with air exchange (2) water entz iehbar . is
id-US20160290666A1    abstract-Certain embodiments provide an energy exchange system that includes a supply air flow path, an exhaust air flow path, an energy recovery device disposed within the supply and exhaust air flow paths, and a supply conditioning unit disposed within the supply air flow path. The supply conditioning unit may be downstream from the energy recovery device. Certain embodiments provide a method of conditioning air including introducing outside air as supply air into a supply air flow path, pre-conditioning the supply air with an energy recovery device, and fully-conditioning the supply air with a supply conditioning unit that is downstream from the energy recovery device.
id-US9322563B2    abstract-A humidity control module, in which liquid absorbent exchanges air and moisture, reduces a temperature change in the liquid absorbent. A humidity control module includes a partition member and a heat transfer member. The partition member separates an air passage from an absorbent passage. The partition member is wholly or partially formed by a moisture permeable membrane. The liquid absorbent flowing through the absorbent passage exchanges the moisture with the air flowing through the air passage via the moisture permeable membrane. The heat transfer member is provided in the absorbent passage and surrounded by the liquid absorbent. A heat medium flowing through the heat transfer member exchanges heat with the liquid absorbent flowing through the absorbent passage.
id-US10082304B2    abstract-A control system comprising a temperature sensor, an enthalpy sensor and a processor capable of receiving said temperature and enthalpy signals and further capable of controlling the operation of an energy recovery ventilation wheel based at least in part on said temperature and enthalpy signals.
