id-WO2021176291A1    abstract-A counterflow energy recovery ventilator core comprising a seamless pleated support media bearing a water-vapor-permselective film that is co-pleated along with the pleated support media.
id-WO2022014651A1    abstract-The humidifying element consists of a moisture permeable film dividing the first air channel, the second air channel, the first air channel and the second air channel, and allowing water vapor to pass between the air of the first air channel and the air of the second air channel. The moisture permeable film has a plane shape, with the first channel on one side and the second channel on the other side. The entrance and exit of the first wind path are configured on one side of one region where the plane shape is divided into two straight lines, and the entrance and exit of the second wind path are configured on the other side of the other region.
id-WO2022018991A1    abstract-The heat exchange device (6) of the invention is composed of multiple unit components (15) stacked together. The unit component (15) includes a partition component (13) and multiple interval holding components (14). The adjacent unit component 15 is composed of heat exchange between the air flow through the partition component 13 and the air path provided in the unit component 15. The interval holding member (14) includes the first interval holding member (14a) and the second interval holding member (14b). The first adhesive member 50a glues the first interval holding member 14a and the partition member 13; the second adhesive member 50b glues the second interval holding member 14b and the partition member 13. The adhesive area between the first adhesive member (50a) and the partition member (13) is larger than that between the second adhesive member (50b) and the partition member (13).
id-WO2022038721A1    abstract-The control device (100) controls the switching timing of the upstream damper (20) switching between the returning air path flowing by the returning air (RA) and the external air path flowing by the external air (OA) according to the amount of the outgoing air dehumidification that should be removed from the external air (OA). According to the outside air dehumidification amount, the heating start time of the air return (RA) of the heater (10) is controlled according to the outside air dehumidification amount, and the heating capacity control of the air return (RA) of the heater (10) is controlled according to the outside air dehumidification amount. If not, either control is used to control the amount of heat returned by air (RA) to the first stationary desiccant (30) and the second stationary desiccant (31).
id-WO2022051730A1    abstract-In a method and apparatus for conditioning air for an enclosure, a first ambient airstream is cooled by a cooling coil of a refrigerant cooling system to reduce temperature and humidity, passed through a segment of a rotating desiccant wheel to reduce moisture content and increase temperature, and then supplied to the enclosure. The desiccant wheel is regenerated by a second ambient airstream heated with a condenser coil of the refrigerant system and then passed through a regeneration segment of the desiccant wheel. A bypass plenum allows a third ambient airstream to be selectively heated and cooled independent of the evaporator coil and desiccant wheel in the first plenum. Heated air bypassed from the second ambient airstream or an independent heater can perform the selective heating in the bypass plenum. The airstream in the bypass plenum is then supplied with the air treated in the first plenum to the enclosure.
