id-US20120186783A1    abstract-Heat is reclaimed from a high temperature gasifier exhaust gas of between 250° C. and 20000C. A first duct receives the exhaust gas, and outputs it at a reduced temperature. A second duct receives a heat transfer fluid and outputs it at an elevated temperature. A heat transfer arrangement conducts heat extracted from the product gas to the heat transfer fluid (steam), thereby elevating the temperature of the heat transfer fluid. A heat pipe formed of sodium, potassium, rubidium, or lithium, has a first end for communicating with the high temperature exhaust gas and a second end for communicating with the heat transfer fluid. The heat pipe has an envelope formed of a selectable combination of stainless steel, Inconel, nickel, molybdenum, tungsten, niobium, carbon, carbon composite, and Hastelloy X, and a safety valve that ensures safe operation. An adiabatic zone is interposed between the first and second ducts.
id-DE202009003297U1    abstract-Thermodynamischer Gravitationsspeicher  1     1.1 dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass  in einem zylindrischen oder kubischen, vertikal stehend oder horizontal liegend, mit Wasser gefüllten Behälter (1) in einem Verdampfer (2) flüssiges Kältemittel wie z. B. Ammoniak, oder ein anderes beliebiges umweltverträgliches in der Kältetechnik eingesetztes Kältemittel durch die Zufuhr von Wärmenergie verdampft wird.    1.2 dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass  der Verdampfer (2) in der Mitte des Behälters (1) in der inneren Zone (6) so weit oben platziert wird, wie es die strömungstechnischen Voraussetzungen erfordern.    1.3 dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass  die benötigte Wärmeenergie (E) über einen extern Energiewärmetauscher (13) der oberhalb des Verdampfers (2) in kreisförmiger Form in dem zur Verfügung stehenden Zwischenraum in der äußeren Zone (11) zwischen Behälterwandung und Wärmedämmmantel (10) angebracht ist, geliefert wird. Dieser Wärmetauscher (13) kann in Form von Lamellenrohren, Rippenrohren, Glattrohren oder in speziell angefertigter Bauweise als kompaktes Wärmetauschregister ausgeführt sein. Das Material...
id-US9612058B2    abstract-In one aspect, the invention can be a heat exchanger comprising: a shell having an inner surface forming a cavity, the shell comprising an inlet for introducing the shell-side liquid into the cavity and an outlet for allowing the vapor to exit the cavity; a tube bundle comprising a plurality of tubes for carrying a tube-side fluid located in the cavity and having a longitudinal axis; a shroud circumferentially surrounding the tube bundle and positioned between the tube bundle and the inner surface of the shell so that an annular space exists between the shroud and the inner surface; an opening in a bottom portion of the shroud that forms a passageway between the annular space and the tube bundle; and an opening in a top portion of the shroud that forms a passageway between the annular space and the tube bundle.
id-US8697819B2    abstract-The present invention relates to a process for producing steam using heat recovered from a polymerization reaction. In particular, the present invention relates to a process for producing steam using heat recovered from a polymerization reaction for producing polyolefin, comprising the steps of: thermally contacting said polymerization reaction with a cooling fluid such that the cooling fluid removes heat from said reaction, thermally contacting at least part of said cooling fluid with at least one absorption cycle thereby transferring heat from the cooling fluid to said absorption cycle, using said absorption cycle to produce steam from a condensate, wherein the cooling fluid is used as a hot source for heating at least one evaporator and at least one generator comprised in said at least one absorption cycle. The present invention also relates to a process for cooling a polymerization reaction using a process as described herein. Said invention also relates to a polyolefin producing unit.
id-US20110277554A1    abstract-A reduction in cost and improvement in evaluation accuracy are achieved. Provided is an in-plane compressive strength evaluation device ( 10 ) that is provided with a memory unit ( 21 ) into which, when an in-plane compressive strength evaluation is actually performed using a test piece, an evaluation result related to the load and a displacement in the test piece is stored as first information; a first analysis unit ( 22 ) that obtains, by producing a structural model of a test piece and performing a simulation of the in-plane compressive strength evaluation, second information that is an evaluation result related to the load and a displacement of the structural model; an adjustment unit ( 23 ) that adjusts an elemental factor of the structural model that influences the in-plane compressive strength such that the second information approaches the first information; and a second analysis unit ( 24 ) that, in a state where the elemental factor used when the second information approaches the first information most closely is maintained, expands the structural model into the structural form of the actual tube support plate, and that performs the in-plane compressive strength evaluation using the expanded structural model.
id-RO126033A2    abstract-Invenţia se referă la o instalaţie şi la un procedeu pentru obţinerea de energie termică şi electrică.  Instalaţia conform invenţiei are în componenţă nişte camere (a) ale unor reactoare (A), din care aburul este evacuat prin nişte conducte (62) pe care sunt montate nişte electrovalve (63) racordate  la un colector (64) scurt, care comunică cu o turbină (65), antrenând un generator (66) de curent electric, de turbină (65) fiind racordată o conductă (67) legată la un schimbător (68) de căldură racordat  la o conductă (71), prin care apa de recirculare din camera (a) primului reactor (A) este introdusă dintr-o conductă (69) racordată la primul reactor (A) şi trecută printr-un răcitor (72), aspirată  de o pompă (74) şi împinsă printr-o conductă (75) într-o conductă (17) de alimentare cu apa de canalizare, un cazan (49) fiind în legătură printr-o conductă (53) cu o turbină (54) care antrenează  un generator (55) de curent electric, de turbină (54) fiind racordată o conductă (57) la un schimbător (58) de căldură la care este montată o conductă (59) racordată la cazan (49). Procedeul conform  invenţiei constă în aceea că aburul la temperatura de 200...300°C, din camerele (a) reactoarelor (A), este evacuat şi vehiculat prin nişte conducte (62) având montate nişte electrovalve (63), până  într-un colector (64) ce alimentează turbina (65) în care energia termică este transformată în energie mecanică şi apoi în energie electrică, într-un generator (66), şi furnizată unor consumatori,  după care o parte din energia termică rezultată din aburul provenit din turbină (65) este cedată apei menajere,care este încălzită până la 80...90°C, apa
id-WO2011018814A2    abstract-The invention concerns a method and a system for locally pressurizing a first circuit in which a vector fluid flows with an initial pressure coming from a heater and provided for the heat Exchange in a heat Exchange group with a second fluid flowing in another circuit with a second pressure higher than the first. On the outward line of the first circuit is inserted at least a pressurization means (31 ) to increase the vector fluid pressure upstream of the input in the heat exchange group up to a pressure corresponding to that of the second fluid. On the return line of the first circuit is inserted a means (32) for reducing the pressure for lowering the pressure of the vector fluid downstream of the exit of the heat exchanger group towards the heater.
id-CN102022864A    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于对有机朗肯循环蒸发器传递热量的热管。多个Qu型热管(12)中的各个的第一部分设置在热气路径(14)中，而该多个Qu型热管(12)中的各个的第二部分设置成远离热气路径(14)。而且，该多个Qu型热管(12)中的各个的第一部分从热气路径(14)中吸取热量，并且其中，该多个Qu型热管(12)中的各个的第二部分产生蒸气，蒸气离开该多个Qu型热管(12)的各个第二部分，并且远离热气路径(14)。
id-JP4971399B2    abstract-
id-US20110083619A1    abstract-A heat exchange assembly for generating steam from a second medium to be used to drive a steam turbine for generating electricity or for other process, includes a tube having a longitudinal axis and an inner wall and an outer wall. The outer wall includes a plurality of spaced fins oriented generally perpendicular to the longitudinal axis. The inner wall defines a preheat zone and a dual phase zone. The preheat zone defines a helical rib configured to provide swirling motion and increase heat transfer surface area to liquid entering the tube increasing heat transfer from the tube to the liquid. The dual phase zone is spaced from the preheat zone and defines a helical rib configured to provide swirling motion to steam and liquid passing through the dual phase zone increasing heat transfer from the tube to the steam and liquid while preventing vapor stagnation and film boiling.
id-DE102010048196A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren und ein System zum Schützen eines Primärkreises diathermischen Öls vor dem Auftreten flüchtiger und/oder nicht kondensierbarer Verunreinigungen, die in der Lage sind, Kavitationserscheinungen in diesen Pumpen zu verursachen. Von dem Primärkreislauf wird ein Fluss diathermischen Öls abgezweigt, der mittels einer Hilfspumpe in einem Hilfskreislauf unter Einhaltung eines Druckes umgewälzt wird, der geringer ist als der Druck des Öls im Primärkreislauf. Durch eine Messung wenigstens des Differenzdruckes zwischen Ansaugseite und Austrittsseite der Hilfspumpe lässt sich das Nichtvorhandensein von Kavitation als Bedingung für ein Vorhandensein flüchtiger und/oder nicht kondensierbarer Verunreinigungen im Fluss des abgezweigten diathermischen Öls in einem unterhalb eines vorbestimmten Schwellwertes liegenden Ausmaß feststellen.
id-KR101695877B1    abstract-본 발명은 써멀 오일을 이용하여 안정적이면서도 효율적으로 온수를 생산할 수 있도록 하고, 이로 인해 추가적인 에너지 사용을 방지할 수 있으며, 써멀 오일의 누설로 인한 청수의 오염 우려가 없도록 한 써멀 오일을 이용한 온수 생산 시스템에 관한 것이다.      본 발명에 따르면, 써멀 오일을 이용하여 온수를 생산하는 시스템으로서, 써멀 오일을 열매로 사용하는 열교환기와; 열교환기에 순환수를 순환 공급하여 순환수가 써멀 오일과의 열교환에 의해 가열되도록 하는 순환수공급부와; 순환수공급부의 순환수 이동경로에 설치되며, 순환수에 의해 냉수를 가열하여 온수를 제공하는 청수가열기를 포함하는 것을 특징으로 하는 써멀 오일을 이용한 온수 생산 시스템이 제공된다.           써멀 오일, 열교환기, 순환수공급부, 청수가열기, 온도센서, 압력센서
