id-WO2019231325A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a steam boiler assembly (1), configured to heat water in order to generate steam, comprising at least one boiler (20, 30), a fuel heater (23), an electric heater (35, 36), a feed water inlet (11), a steam outlet (12), and a controller (50), wherein the controller (50) is configured to selectively activate or deactivate the fuel heater (23) and/or the electric heater (35, 36) to bring and keep the water in the at least one boiler (20, 30) at saturated conditions. The steam boiler assembly (1) further comprises a water-tube boiler (20), which comprises the fuel heater (23), an electrode boiler (30), which comprises the electric heater (35, 36), and a steam drum (10), which is configured to hold water and steam, wherein the feed water inlet (11) and the steam outlet (12) are fluidly connected to the steam drum (10). The water-tube boiler (20) and the electrode boiler (30) each comprise an inlet (21, 31) and an outlet (22, 32), which are fluidly connected to the steam drum (10). The inlet (21) of the water-tube boiler (20) is fluidly connected to the inlet (31) of the electrode boiler (30) and the interconnected inlets (21, 31) are configured to allow a flow of water from an activated one of the boilers (20, 30) to a deactivated one of the boilers (30, 20) in order to keep the water in the deactivated boiler at saturated conditions.
id-US20210261424A1    abstract-Systems and methods for the synthesis of ammonia includes a reformer; a carbon monoxide converter; a carbon dioxide scrubber unit with recovery; a methanation unit; and an ammonia synthesis unit; wherein the carbon dioxide scrubber unit with recovery is connected to at least one fired auxiliary steam boiler.
id-WO2020023062A1    abstract-A modular heat recovery steam generator (mHRSG) comprises a first boiler module comprising a plurality of pipes having at least one pipe with a flanged end; a first piping deck comprising a plurality of pipes having at least one pipe with a flanged end, wherein the pipe with the flanged end is secured to the pipe with the flanged end of the first boiler module using bolts; a second boiler module comprising a plurality of pipes having at least one pipe with a flanged end; a second piping deck comprising a plurality of pipes having at least one pipe with a flanged end, wherein the pipe with the flanged end is secured to the pipe with the flanged end of the second boiler module using bolts; and a main stack. The first boiler module is operatively coupled to the second boiler module and the second boiler module is operatively coupled to the main stack.
id-WO2020029048A1    abstract-The utility model relates to a boiler body (1) arranged in a vertical structure, a heat transfer surface tube (3) arranged in a flue of the boiler body (1) and a vibrating ash removal device (7) arranged in a flue of the heat transfer surface tube (3). The heat transfer surface tube (3) is arranged in a vertical row in a flue of the boiler body (1). Each heat transfer surface tube (3) is arranged in a vertical integration, and the vibration ash removal device (7) is arranged at the bottom of the vertical direction of the heat transfer surface tube (3) or near the bottom of the vertical direction of the heat transfer surface tube (3). In the process of vibration cleaning, the heat transfer surface tube (3) carries out the cleaning operation as a whole, and the vibration transmission effect is good and the ash cleaning effect is obvious, which can prevent the surface ash accumulation of the heat transfer surface tube (3) and effectively avoid the resulting phenomenon of reduced heat transfer efficiency of the heat transfer surface tube (3).
id-WO2020029044A1    abstract-The flue gas waste heat recovery boiler of a rotary hearth furnace comprises a waste heat boiler body (1), which adopts a horizontal horizontal channel structure of transverse scouring, and the waste heat boiler body (1) is separately arranged into a pre-evaporation area, a superheating area, a post-evaporation area and a rear low-temperature heating surface according to the flow direction of the flue gas. At the same time, the rear low-temperature heating surface is divided into two parallel soft water heating zones, and the flue gas is output from the rear evaporation zone and then input into two soft water heating zones. The pre-evaporator (2), superheater (3) and post-evaporator (41) are respectively installed in the flue gas flow channels of the pre-evaporation zone, the superheated zone, the post-evaporation zone and the two soft water heating zones. 42. 43. 44) and soft water heater; Pre-evaporator (2), superheater (3), post-evaporator (41; 42. 43. 44) and soft water heaters are small diameter thick wall snake tube heat exchangers.
id-WO2020029043A1    abstract-The utility model relates to a waste heat recovery device applied to a coal gasification device, which belongs to the technical field of heating system equipment, including a vertical structure waste heat boiler, a high parameter system and a self-deoxygenating low parameter system. The upper end of the waste heat boiler is provided with a flue gas inlet (9), and the lower end is provided with a ash discharge device, and the ash discharge device is connected with the waste heat boiler through a funnel ash discharge port (11); The high parameter system comprises a high parameter drum (7), a water cooling section (2), a steam superheater (3), a first evaporator (4) and a second evaporator (5); The self-deaerating low-parameter system comprises a low-parameter drum (8) and a deaerating evaporator (6), and a flue gas outlet (10) is arranged between the deaerating evaporator (6) and a funnel ash discharge outlet (11).
id-WO2020029046A1    abstract-A boiler shell type waste heat boiler capable of online ash cleaning comprises a boiler shell (6), a drum (1), a front smoke box (4), a rear smoke box (7) and a heat exchange tube (5), wherein the drum (1) is located above the boiler shell (6) and is supported by a rising pipe (3) and a falling pipe (2); The bottom of the boiler is supported on the cement pier by three supports; The heat exchange pipe (5) is a large diameter heat exchange pipe, and the first ash hopper (10) is arranged at the bottom of the front smoke box (4) near the front tube plate side; A second ash hopper (13) is arranged at the bottom of the rear smoke box (7) near the side of the rear tube plate; The bottom of the first ash hopper (10) and the bottom of the second ash hopper (13) are installed with a heavy weight type automatic ash discharge valve (12); The tail of the boiler is arranged on the rear smoke box (7) with the same number and position as the openings on the rear tube plate. The waste heat boiler can clean the boiler heat exchange tube without affecting the normal operation of the boiler.
id-US20210137340A1    abstract-A floor scrubber cleaning system includes a a combustion engine powered floor scrubber using at least one rotating scrubbing brush. A tank or reservoir is used for supplying a cleaning solution for cleaning a floor. A heat exchanger heats the cleaning solution flowing from the tank using hot exhaust gasses from the floor scrubber. A pressure regulator and a flow restriction orifice are used for controlling the amount of cleaning solution from the tank to the heat exchanger for controlling the volume and temperature of the cleaning solution
id-US20200129033A1    abstract-A floor scrubber cleaning system includes a combustion engine powered floor scrubber using at least one rotating scrubbing brush. A tank or reservoir is sued for supplying a cleaning solution to the scrubbing brush for cleaning a floor. A heat exchanger uses hot exhaust gasses from the combustion engine to heat the cleaning solution where it is dispensed directly onto the floor.
id-JP2020056551A    abstract-Challenges to be provided are a vessel equipped with a waste heat recovery system that can increase the amount of waste heat recovery while protecting equipment from acid corrosion, and a method of operating the waste heat recovery system. [solution] the exhaust heat recovery system consists of a combustion device that can be used by switching between two or more types of fuel, an exhaust gas line in which exhaust gas from the combustion device flows, a container for storing saturated water and steam, and a saturated steam line in which saturated steam from the container flows. A heat exchanger installed in the exhaust gas line that heats the water in the water supply line through the heat exchange with the exhaust gas, a valve installed in the saturated steam line to adjust the pressure of the vessel, and the opening of the valve when the fuel supplied to the combustion system is switched. The control unit adjusts the valve opening so that the vessel pressure becomes the second pressure in the case of the second fuel, and the vessel pressure is the second pressure in the case of the first fuel with lower sulfur content than the second fuel. Adjust the valve opening to lower the first pressure. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-JP2020079564A    abstract-[challenges] improve plant efficiency of combined-cycle plants. [solution] the control device enables the combined cycle plant to operate the first, second and third operation sections. In the first operation section, instead of driving the auxiliary combustion unit 37, the first gas turbine Ua and the steam turbine 40 are driven. When the required output exceeds the maximum output in the first operation interval, the control device causes the plant to execute the second operation interval of driving the first gas turbine Ua, the auxiliary combustion unit 37 and the steam turbine 40. When receiving a request output greater than or equal to the maximum output in the second operation interval, the controller does not drive the auxiliary combustion unit 37, but instead drives the first gas turbine Ua, the second gas turbine Ub and the steam turbine 40 in the third operation interval. Let's carry it out. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-JPWO2020110327A1    abstract-The exhaust heat recovery boiler according to one aspect of the invention is a duct case in which the exhaust gas flows inside, a cylindrical extension part extending upward from the duct case, a heat transfer tube located inside the duct case, connected to the heat transfer tube and extending part in the duct case. A hammering rod whose upper part protrude outward from the extension part through the inside of the extension part, and a circular sleeve attached to the upper part of the extension part through the seal, where the extension part is located at the upper end of the extension part of the sleeve. It has a circular, flat upper surface that seals with the underside.
