id-JP5791836B1    abstract-[problem] we provide boiling water type geothermal exchanger and boiling water type geothermal power generation system that can reduce the weight of piping and can suppress the heat exchange between the high-temperature steam taken out and the injected water and the low temperature area underground as much as possible. The geothermal exchanger 1 has a water injection pipe 2, which is underground and supplies water from the ground, and a steam extraction pipe 3, which is underground and in contact with the water injection pipe 2. Steam outlet 3 is provided with multiple outlet 5 in its lower region, and the pressure in steam outlet 3 is reduced to the pressure required by turbine 6. Steam outlet 3 is formed so that the diameter of steam outlet 3 decreases from below the geothermal belt to above the surface. The water supplied to the water injection tube 2 is supplied with heat from the geothermal zone 4 and becomes high-temperature pressurized water. The water is sprayed from the vent 5 into the steam extraction tube 3 in a spraying state and converted into a single phase steam flow for power generation by generator 7. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-EP3258094A1    abstract-A heat exchanger 2 is for use in an energy recovery system X1 to be mounted on a vessel Y1 including an engine 200, a supercharger 100 and an economizer 300, the heat exchanger 2 including: a first heat section 2A for heating a working medium by supercharged air from the supercharger 100; a second heat section 2B for heating the supercharged air by steam generated by the economizer 300 before the supercharged air flows into the first heat section 2A; and a third heat section 2C for heating the working medium having been heated in the first section 2A by the supercharged air which is to be heated in the second section 2B.

id-US10787400B2    abstract-The present disclosure provides oxidative coupling of methane (OCM) systems for small scale and world scale production of olefins. An OCM system may comprise an OCM subsystem that generates a product stream comprising C 2+  compounds and non-C 2+  impurities from methane and an oxidizing agent. At least one separations subsystem downstream of, and fluidically coupled to, the OCM subsystem can be used to separate the non-C 2+  impurities from the C 2+  compounds. A methanation subsystem downstream and fluidically coupled to the OCM subsystem can be used to react H 2  with CO and/or CO 2  in the non-C 2+  impurities to generate methane, which can be recycled to the OCM subsystem. The OCM system can be integrated in a non-OCM system, such as a natural gas liquids system or an existing ethylene cracker.

id-US10344628B2    abstract-A compressed air energy storage power generation device  2  includes a compressor, a pressure accumulator tank, and an expander. The compressor compresses air by being driven with renewable energy. The pressure accumulator tank stores the air compressed by the compressor. The expander is driven by the compressed air. A power generator is mechanically connected to the expander and generates electric power, which is to be supplied to a demander. The compressed air energy storage power generation device includes: first heat exchanges for recovering compression heat; temperature sensors that measure the temperatures of the heat media having the temperature increased by the first heat exchangers; high-temperature heat medium tanks, each of which individually stores the heat medium depending on the temperature thereof; second heat exchangers for heating compressed air; a low-temperature heat medium tank that stores the heat medium having the temperature decreased in the second heat exchanger; and a control unit that switches high-temperature heat storage switching valves to thereby supply the heat medium from the first heat exchangers to either of the high-temperature heat medium tanks.

id-US20160326908A1    abstract-A pulsed pressure, heat recovery system includes a pressure vessel for holding a vaporisable first fluid. The vessel contains a heat exchanger, and provides communication to the heat exchanger for flow of a heated second fluid. The heat exchanger enables heat transfer from the second fluid to vaporise the first fluid. The system also includes a flow loop for the first fluid extending from an outlet of the vessel to an inlet to the vessel, having in series: a first non-return valve, a turbine and a second non-return valve. The first non-return valve allows the vaporised first fluid to flow from the vessel to the turbine when the pressure of the vaporised first fluid in the vessel exceeds a predetermined limit. The turbine extracts energy from expansion of the vaporised first fluid. The second non-return valve prevents flow reversal around flow loop between the turbine and the inlet.

id-JP2017008727A    abstract-[problem] we provide compressed air storage power generation equipment that can improve system efficiency. Compressed air storage power generation device 2 consists of motors 26a, 26b and 26a driven by varying input power. Mechanically connected to 26b, pneumatically connected to compressor 4, pneumatically connected to compressor 4, pneumatically connected to storage tank 6, pneumatically connected to storage tank 6, and pneumatically connected to storage tank 6, and supplied from storage tank 6 The multi-stage expander 8 is driven by air and has multiple expander bodies 8a and 8b, and the generators 20a and 20b are mechanically connected to the expander 8. In addition, device 2 performs heat exchange between the heat medium tank 14, which stores the heat medium, the heat medium supplied from the heat medium tank 14, and the compressed air supplied to the expander 8, and the heat exchange part 16 on the expansion side for heating the compressed air, and the exhaust air discharged from the expander 8. The exhaust side heat exchange part 22 is provided for heat exchange with the compressed air supplied to the low-pressure stage expander body 8b, and the exhaust side heat exchange part 22 is provided for heat exchange with the compressed air. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-JP2016223408A    abstract-Challenges heat utilization equipment that can realize further miniaturization while improving maintainability, ease-of-assembly, and reliability. The evaporator 8 has a front 8a of the evaporator with a pair of first inlet and outlet flanges 26a and 26b, and a back of the evaporator with a pair of second inlet and outlet flanges 28a and 28b. The evaporator face 8c faces the evaporator 12, and the evaporator faces the evaporator 12a with a pair of third inlet and outlet flanges 30a and 30b, and the evaporator faces the evaporator 12a with a pair of fourth inlet and outlet flanges 32a and 32b. The front of the evaporator and the front of the condenser, the back of the evaporator and the back of the condenser are arranged in the shell, respectively, facing the same side. Select diagram: figure 3
id-US10208735B1    abstract-A thermal engine includes a thermal battery with a thermal mass for storing regenerative wind and solar energy using a solar lens and mechanical friction generated by the rotation of a wind turbine. The thermal engine comprises a thermal battery; a thermal engine; means of charging the thermal battery using natural energy including a solar lens; a wind turbine; and charging by electrical means. The invention further comprises a means of converting stored thermal energy to mechanical power using non-combustible fluids to drive devices such as an electric generator, a water pump; a means of using said thermal energy to directly heat homes and industrial facilities; a means of using said thermal energy for cooling homes and industrial facilities.

id-JP2017025737A    abstract-[challenges] improve pump efficiency by preventing the incorporation of gas into the liquid pump. The evaporator that vaporizes the working medium with waste heat, the expander that extracts energy by expanding the evaporated working medium, and the condenser that coolves and liquefies the working medium passing through the working medium in circulation path 2, where the working medium reflows. The receiver tank 7 separates the gas and liquid from the working medium passing through the condenser and discharges the liquid working medium, and the pump 3 pumps the working medium from the receiver tank 7 towards the evaporator. Pum3 Located below receiver tank 7, piping 10, which is circulatory path 2 between receiver tank 7 and pump 3, is horizontal in all sections or inclined downward from receiver tank 7 to pump 3. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-EP3584415A1    abstract-Optimizing power generation from waste heat in large industrial facilities such as petroleum refineries by utilizing a subset of all available hot source streams selected based, in part, on considerations for example, capital cost, ease of operation, economics of scale power generation, a number of ORC machines to be operated, operating conditions of each ORC machine, combinations of them, or other considerations are described. Subsets of hot sources that are optimized to provide waste heat to one or more ORC machines for power generation are also described. Further, recognizing that the utilization of waste heat from all available hot sources in a mega-site such as a petroleum refinery and aromatics complex is not necessarily or not always the best option, hot source units in petroleum refineries from which waste heat can be consolidated to power the one or more ORC machines are identified.

id-US10024198B2    abstract-A heat engine system and a method for cooling a fluid stream in thermal communication with the heat engine system are provided. The heat engine system may include a working fluid circuit configured to flow a working fluid therethrough, and a cooling circuit in fluid communication with the working fluid circuit and configured to flow the working fluid therethrough. The cooling circuit may include an evaporator in fluid communication with the working fluid circuit and configured to be in fluid communication with the fluid stream. The evaporator may be further configured to receive a second portion of the working fluid from the working fluid circuit and to transfer thermal energy from the fluid stream to the second portion of the working fluid.

id-US10415431B2    abstract-A low-cost hybrid energy storage system receives energy from one or more external sources, and has an air compressor, low-pressure compressed air energy storage (CAES) system that receives compressed air from the compressor, and a low-temperature thermal energy storage (LTES) system that extracts heat generated by the compression of the air. The LTES system heats an expansion air stream released from the CAES system. The expansion air stream is augmented by air from a turbocharger, and further heated by the exhaust stream of a power turbine. At least a portion of the augmented air stream is further heated in a high-temperature thermal energy storage system that receives energy from the one or more external source. The augmented stream is directed to the turbocharger, and then through the power turbine to generate output energy.

id-WO2017074476A1    abstract-A system for processing a fluid by generating water vapor through forced compression and rotation in a vessel includes capturing sea water for use in desalination processing in the vessel. Any fluid processed in the vessel, including sea water, can be used to create water vapor that rises to an elevation under its own power. After condensing the water vapor to liquid again, the condensed liquid falls upon a hydro-electric generator to generate electricity that is stored for later use. Brine output from the system can be recycled for re-processing through the system to increase water vapor yield. The wet brine output may also be dried to produce dried brine for subsequent processing of salt and other minerals.

id-US10539045B2    abstract-The invention relates to a system for recovering thermal energy produced in pyrometallurgical process plants and converting said thermal energy into electrical energy. The system is characterised in that it comprises at least one heat transfer chamber (1) comprising a gas interface section (1A), for separating the subsystem from the corrosive power of, and incrustation generated by, the gases from the heat source or duct (5). The system also comprises a section (1B) for connecting to a Stirling engine (2), which is a thermal engine and which, by means of the cyclical compression and expansion of a gaseous working fluid, at different temperature levels, produces a net conversion of thermal energy into mechanical energy.

