id-WO2021253969A1    abstract-The application discloses a power generation system and a power generation method, belonging to the field of energy technology. The power generation system includes steam equipment, power generation equipment and condensing equipment, wherein: steam equipment and power generation equipment are connected through the first pipeline, power generation equipment and condensing equipment are connected through the second pipeline; Steam equipment is used to generate steam. The steam generated by steam equipment is obtained by evaporation after the liquid in the chassis of steam equipment absorbs the heat generated by the heat generating equipment in steam equipment. The condensing equipment is used to condense steam to increase the pressure difference between the steam equipment and the condensing equipment, so as to promote the steam in the steam equipment to enter the power generation equipment through the first pipe; Power generation equipment is used to generate and store electrical energy under the action of steam. By using this application, the heat generated by the steam equipment can be converted into electric energy, so as to realize the recovery and utilization of energy and avoid the waste of energy.
id-WO2022018832A1    abstract-An absorber that absorbs carbon dioxide gas contained in the exhaust gas into an absorber to produce an absorber containing carbon dioxide; a regenerate absorber that releases carbon dioxide gas by heating the carbon dioxide contained in the absorber supplied by the regenerate absorber; and a regenerate absorber supplied by the regenerate absorber. A reboiler that returns the collected solution by heating it with heating steam, a heat exchanger that exchanges heat between the said regenerated absorbent solution and the said carbon dioxide containing absorbent solution, a regenerated absorbent coolant that precoolizes the regenerated absorbent solution sent from the heat exchanger, and a driving steam. The regenerator is heated, and the carbon dioxide containing absorber that is heated by the heat exchanger is supplied, and it is transmitted to the regeneration tower through the heat transfer tube of the absorber and the heat transfer tube of the condenser, and the regenerative absorber that is cooled by the heat exchanger and the regenerative absorber is supplied to the evaporator. The carbon dioxide gas recovery system consists of an absorption-type heat pump that circulates the absorptive liquid to the absorption-tower through a heat tube, and a carbon dioxide separator that separates carbon dioxide by condensing water vapor supplied with carbon dioxide from the recycling tower.
id-WO2022039109A1    abstract-Provide control devices for energy-from-waste plants that perform control corresponding to the frequency adjustment operation of the grid power. The control device is a control device for a waste incineration power plant that supplies the steam generated by the waste incineration equipment to the power generation equipment and USES the steam to generate power. The control device is located on a line that supplies steam from the waste incineration equipment to the power generation equipment. The steam/acceleration valve control part for controlling the steam/acceleration valve includes the measured value of the frequency of the power generated by the power generating equipment, the deviation between the specified reference value of the frequency, the measured value of the pressure of the steam, and the measured value of the pressure of the steam. The opening of the steam adjustment valve shall be controlled based on the value obtained by removing the predetermined low-frequency component from the deviation from the specified reference value of the pressure.
