id-US11352950B2    abstract-An energy storage-combined cooling, heating and power (S-CCHP) system for a building receives energy from a source, for example an intermittent source, and stores the energy in first and second high temperature energy storage (HTES) units. A Brayton cycle using the first HTES unit produces hot and pressurized air that is further heated in the second HTES unit. The heated air drives a turbine to generate electricity for the building. A portion of the compressed air from the Brayton cycle is diverted to a hot water heat exchanger, then to another turbine to produce electricity to the building. The hot water heat exchanger heats water for the building and the other turbine exhaust cools water for building cooling. Heat exchangers are strategically placed to optimize the thermal efficiency of the cycle. In some embodiments the heat transfer fluid is humidified to improve thermal energy transfer properties.

id-JP6764798B2    abstract-

id-US10233896B2    abstract-A phase-shift-assisted gravity drive system is provided. The phase-shift-assisted gravity drive system has a series of repeating phase-shift chambers separated by inner baffles, wherein the series of repeating steam chambers define a circular loop about a hub. The phase-shift-assisted gravity drive system with the addition of a heat source is adapted to unidirectionally change steam from one phase-shift chamber to spraying condensation flowing into an adjacent phase-shift chamber. Thereby, the phase-shift-assisted gravity drive system generates force through this unidirectional transfer of the fluid throughout the loop of phase-shift chambers so that the loop rotates about its hub under the further influence of gravity, wherein the hub can be attached to a mechanism for applying rotation force thereto.

id-WO2018216238A1    abstract-[challenges] by improving the flash rate, we provide geothermal exchangers and geothermal power generators with high energy harvesting efficiency. The geothermal exchanger 1 has an outer pipe 2 supplied with water from the ground and an inner pipe 3 arranged inside the outer pipe 2, which has a partition valve 6 at its bottom 4. For the water injected into the outer tube 2, heat is supplied from the geothermal zone and the high-pressure hot water is generated without boiling. The high-pressure hot water does not boil, but flows into the inner tube 3 when the partition valve 6 is opened, and the pressure is reduced in the depressive area 8, so that the high-pressure hot water enters the two-phase gas-liquid flow. Transformed and taken to the ground.
id-JP2019007379A    abstract-[issues] to provide a heat energy recovery system that can improve the heat recovery efficiency. Heat energy recovery system: engine (10), supercharger (20), air cooler (30), cooler (40), first circulation channel (50), second circulation channel (60), first heat exchange section (71) and second circulation channel When the second temperature of the heat exchange unit 72, the expander 73, the power recovery unit 74, and the second temperature is greater than the first temperature, the first heat transfer is so that the overheat of the working medium flowing in the part between the second heat exchange unit 72 and the expander 73 becomes a predetermined range. Adjust the inflow of the working medium to the replacement unit 71, stop the heat exchange in the second heat exchange unit 72 when the second temperature is below the first temperature, and open the part between the first heat exchange unit 71 and the second heat exchange unit 72 A control unit (90) adjusts the inflow of the working medium to the first heat exchange unit (71) so that the overheat of the flowing working medium becomes a predetermined range. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20190048759A1    abstract-Certain aspects of natural gas liquid fractionation plant waste heat conversion to cooling capacity using Kalina Cycle can be implemented as a system, which includes a waste heat recovery heat exchanger to heat a buffer fluid stream by exchange with a heat source in a natural gas liquid fractionation plant. The system includes a Kalina cycle energy conversion system including one or more first energy conversion heat exchangers to heat a first portion of a working fluid by exchange with the heated buffer fluid stream, a separator to receive the heated working fluid and to output a vapor stream of the working fluid and the liquid stream of the working fluid, and a cooling subsystem including a first cooling element to condense the vapor stream of the working fluid and a second cooling element configured to cool a process fluid stream from the natural gas liquid fractionation plant by exchange with the condensed vapor stream of the working fluid.

id-US11112187B2    abstract-Certain aspects of natural gas liquid fractionation plant waste heat conversion to simultaneous power and cooling capacities using modified Goswami system can be implemented as a system. The system includes a waste heat recovery heat exchanger configured to heat a buffer fluid stream by exchange with a heat source in a natural gas liquid fractionation plant. The system includes a modified Goswami cycle energy conversion system including one or more first energy conversion system heat exchangers configured to heat a working fluid by exchange with the heated buffer fluid stream, a separator configured to receive the heated working fluid and to output a vapor stream of the working fluid and the liquid stream of the working fluid, a turbine and a generator, wherein the turbine and generator are configured to generate power by expansion of a first portion of the vapor stream of the working fluid, and a cooling subsystem including a cooling element configured to cool a process fluid stream from the natural gas liquid fractionation plant by exchange with a condensed second portion of the vapor stream of the working fluid.

id-US10436077B2    abstract-Certain aspects of a natural gas liquid fractionation plant waste heat conversion to potable water using modified multi-effect distillation system can be implemented as a system that includes a waste heat recovery heat exchanger network thermally coupled to multiple heat sources of a Natural Gas Liquid (NGL) fractionation plant. The heat exchanger network is configured to recover at least a portion of heat generated at the multiple heat sources. The system includes a sub-system thermally coupled to the waste heat recovery heat exchanger network to receive at least a portion of heat recovered by the heat exchanger network. The sub-system is configured to perform one or more operations using at least the portion of heat recovered by the heat exchanger network.

id-US20190048756A1    abstract-Certain aspects of a natural gas liquid fractionation plant waste heat conversion to power using Organic Rankine Cycle can be implemented as a system. The system includes a heating fluid circuit thermally coupled to multiple heat sources of a natural gas liquid (NGL) fractionation plant. The system includes a power generation system that includes an organic Rankine cycle (ORC), which includes (i) a working fluid that is thermally coupled to the heating fluid circuit to heat the working fluid, and (ii) an expander configured to generate electrical power from the heated working fluid. The system includes a control system configured to actuate a set of control valves to selectively thermally couple the heating fluid circuit to at least a portion of the multiple heat sources of the NGL fractionation plant.

id-US11118483B2    abstract-Certain aspects of natural gas liquid fractionation plant waste heat conversion to simultaneous power, cooling and potable water using integrated mono-refrigerant triple cycle and modified MED system can be implemented as a system that includes two heating fluid circuits thermally coupled to multiple heat sources of a NGL fractionation plant. An integrated triple cycle system, which includes an organic Rankine cycle (ORC), a refrigeration cycle and an ejector refrigeration cycle, is thermally coupled to the first heating fluid circuit. A MED system, configured to produce potable water, thermally coupled to the second heating fluid circuit. The system includes a control system configured to actuate control valves to selectively thermally couple the heating fluid circuits to portions of the heat sources of the NGL fractionation plant.

id-US20190063265A1    abstract-A method for liquid air and gas energy storage (LAGES) which integrates the processes of liquid air energy storage (LAES) and regasification of liquefied natural gas (LNG) at the import terminal through the exchange of thermal energy between the streams of air and natural gas (NG) in their gaseous and liquid states and includes harnessing the LNG as an intermediate heat carrier between the air streams being regasified and liquefied, recovering a compression heat from air liquefier for LNG regasification and utilizing a cold thermal energy of liquid air being regasified for reliquefaction of a part of send-out NG stream with its return to LNG terminal.

id-WO2019032551A1    abstract-Certain implementations of natural gas liquid fractionation plant waste heat conversion to simultaneous cooling capacity and potable water using Kalina Cycle and modified multi-effect distillation system can be implemented as a system. The system includes first waste heat recovery heat exchanger configured to heat a first buffer fluid stream by exchange with a first heat source in a natural gas liquid fractionation plant. The system includes a water desalination system comprising a first train of one or more desalination heat exchangers configured to heat saline by exchange with the heated first buffer fluid stream to generate fresh water and brine.

id-US10989078B2    abstract-Recovering heat from a Natural Gas Liquid (NGL) fractionation plant via a waste heat recovery heat exchanger network including heating a buffer fluid in a heat exchanger with a stream from the NGL fractionation plant and discharging the heated buffer fluid to an integrated triple cycle system. Generating cooling capacity for the NGL fractionation plant via the integrated triple cycle system with heat from the buffer fluid.

id-US20200040773A1    abstract-A method of recovering heat from a Natural Gas Liquid (NGL) fractionation plant for production of potable water. The method includes heating a buffer fluid via a heat exchanger in the NGL fractionation plant to transfer heat from the NGL fractionation plant to the buffer fluid. The method includes heating feed water with the buffer fluid discharged from the heat exchanger for production of potable water via a multi-effect-distillation (MED) system. The method may include producing potable water with heat from the buffer fluid in the MED system.

id-US20200277881A1    abstract-Disclosed is a process that combines interacting main processes and sub-processes to extract kinetic energy from thermal energy. These different interacting processes and sub-processes are physically separate from each other with the main processes operating as closed cycles that operate with two different process fluids parallel to each other and interact with each other, in order to consider and utilize sufficiently all three forms of energy, i.e. thermal energy, kinetic energy, and the energy of the phase changes. By interacting, these different main processes and sub-processes enable a ‘combined-process’ that especially allows the highly efficient transformation of low temperature thermal energy into kinetic energy. Also disclosed is a system for carrying out the process.

id-WO2019052877A1    abstract-A system (10) of data both from coal burning gewonnenem hydrogen is described as a universal Kohlevergasungsreaktor (22) to Vergasung coal Dampfkraftwerk(24) to the electricity supply, which thermisch Kohlevergasungsreaktor(22) is associated with Wassergas-Shift Reaktionsanlage(26), which connects Kohlevergasungsreaktor(22) to obtain Reaktionsgase Kohlevergasungsreaktors(22), a Gasspeicher (28), wherein a stored gas (28) is connected with a changing gas and response system (26) as at least one of the products of a stored gas (26). A method for storing hydrogen produced from coal is also described.
id-US20210172344A1    abstract-A system for controlled recovery of thermal energy and conversion to mechanical energy. The system collects thermal energy from a reciprocating engine, specifically from engine jacket fluid and/or engine exhaust and uses this thermal energy to generate a secondary power source by evaporating an organic propellant and using the gaseous propellant to drive an expander in production of mechanical energy. A predictive control circuit utilizes ambient and system conditions such as temperature, pressure, and flow of organic propellant at one or more locations. The predictive control module regulates system parameters in advance based on monitored information to optimize secondary power output. A thermal fluid heater may be used to heat propellant. The system may be used to meet on-site power demands using primary, secondary, and tertiary power.

id-US11401837B2    abstract-A heat recovery system that includes at least one an engine, a radiator, an Organic Rankine Cycle (ORC) and a thermo-electric generator (TEG). The radiator may be coupled to the reciprocating engine, and the ORC may be coupled to the reciprocating engine and to the TEG. A control module in the system is configured to divert reciprocating engine jacket water fluid through any of the radiator, ORC and TEG to increase the energy efficiency of the reciprocating engine through heat recovery caused by the diverted fluid.

id-US20190136719A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a Rankine system comprising a valve including a valve member. The valve member is provided with a valve controlling element in the form of an elongated tapered end portion with a tip end facing the duct, wherein the tapered end portion is arranged to be inserted through the opening and into the duct as the valve member is moved towards the valve seat. The actuator is configured to hold the valve member in at least one intermediate position between the first and second end positions, where the tapered end portion occupies a portion of a cross-sectional fluid through-flow area defined by the duct so as to partly restrict a flow of fluid through the duct.

