id-JP5250733B2    abstract-

id-US20090235664A1    abstract-Oil field fluids are heated by a cavitation device to minimize or eliminate scaling while reducing their volume by evaporation. Heat is conserved by combining the system with an organic Rankine cycle, which is utilized to rotate or help rotate the cavitation device.

id-US20090301078A1    abstract-A system increasing the efficiency of a powerplant by recovering the waste generated by an auxiliary cooling system is provided. The system may include a condensate loop and a heat recovery loop. These loops may integrate the auxiliary cooling systems of a gas turbine with the heat recovery steam generator of the powerplant. The integration may allow a smaller economizer section, which may increase the efficiency of the powerplant.

id-WO2010035927A1    abstract-Agency (機 關) generated by the operation of the thermal energy can be used to retrieve, I) input fluid inflow to emit fluid intake and output leakage is a state of mind and recall, recall by passing the fluid energy input fluid or reminder type fluid is changing the status of energy with other forms of energy that converts institutions and remind, ii) connected to the inlet of institutions, In above institutions to circulating fluid entering reminded remind inlet tube and, iii), which supplies installed connected to the inlet of lowing influx into organs above that increase the transfer speed of fluid input fluid leakage of accelerators and remind, iv) institutions connected to save and recall, recall status changed output fluid in an institution outside of institutions circulation tubes leak leak and remind, v), mounted on Remind as a working fluid circulation output fluid heat exchanger for recover from remind and remind, vi) heat exchanger type fluid accelerator recall, and connect the output to gain heat from the fluid status changes above working fluid above the fluid supply accelerator-driven enter recovery of thermal energy recovery system involving the commencement.
id-US8707701B2    abstract-A thermodynamic system and method of producing useful work includes providing a working fluid and a fluid pump, or compressor, for pumping the working fluid in a cycle. A thermal input is provided for supplying heat to the working fluid. An expansion device downstream of the thermal input converts motion of the working fluid to useful work. A heat pump is provided. A number of different means of implementing the heat pump are presented, including direct transfer of working fluid mass flow. The heat pump pumps heat from one portion of the working fluid to another portion of the working fluid. For some applications, a regenerator, or recuperator, may be used to transfer heat from a high temperature portion of the working fluid to a lower temperature portion.

