id-WO2020158941A1    abstract-The company provides technology to efficiently store and utilize surplus energy generated in power plants at different temperatures. Thermal storage device 140 includes multiple thermal storage parts that recover and store heat from fluid passing through the internal flow path, the first thermal storage part with temperature characteristics in the first temperature range, and the second thermal storage part with temperature characteristics in the second temperature range lower than the first temperature range. The second heat storage part and the first channel 241 pass the inflow fluid in the order of the first heat storage part and the second heat storage part; the second channel 242 bypass the first heat storage part and pass the inflow fluid in the order of the second heat storage part; and the first opening and closing of the first channel 241 arranged on the first channel 241 Lateral 251 and the second open and close valve 252 arranged on the second flow path 242. The first open and close valve 251 is open when the temperature of the fluid is above the first temperature threshold, and the second open and close valve 252 is open when the temperature of the fluid is below the first temperature threshold. It is characterized by being open.
id-JP6799697B1    abstract-The goal of this project is to reduce the amount of waste generated by electricity generation. A steam system comprising a photothermal system that concentrates synchrotron radiation from at least part of a plurality of light sources into a region; a steam generator that USES the region as a heat source to generate steam; and a turbine generator that generates power by driving steam as a power source. A grid and a power system comprising a power grid for distributing power from a turbine generator to at least part of a plurality of light sources.
id-JP2022520595A    abstract-The invention relates to an energy conversion method, in which the working substance of the first heat pump (I) absorbs the amount of heat from the output working substance gas of the air pressure machine (J) and condenses the output working substance gas of the air pressure machine (J) to operate the pressure. When the material liquid is obtained, the pressure working substance liquid is transported as the input pressure working substance of the air pressure machine (J), and the heat is compressed by the first heat pump (I) to raise the temperature. The pressure working substance gas is output from the air pressure (J) as the output pressure working substance gas of the air pressure (J) after the air pressure (J) is activated. The working material of the first heat pump (I), which has been reduced by transferring the amount of heat to the input pressure working material, is transferred to newly absorb the amount of heat from the output pressure working material gas of the air pressure machine (J). The working substance of the heat pump (I) includes heat absorption, temperature rise, and temperature reduction is repeated. Select diagram: figure 4
id-WO2020180015A1    abstract-In this invention system exergy development according to the invention, the point about exergy generating system is cool storage medium tank, storage tank (1) (1) cool storage media is delivered from no. 1 source (21), and 1 medium is delivered from 1, cool storage media and media heat exchange no. 1 heat exchanger (2), and heat exchange of heat medium is delivered, This includes a turbine (400) powered by a cold heat medium, through which the cold heat medium is transported to the source of demand through the transport line (500).
id-WO2021090988A1    abstract-본 flow distribution according to the invention the fully-equipped lang compute cycles which including electric cars, lang has formed the cycle of working fluid in the cycle, including electric cars, lang cycle that evoke the working fluid, these above along the circulatory system by above pump, pump flow conveying above working fluid thermal energy in the battery unit, motor units and solar panels containing at least one of the heat source, Furnished in above path on circulatory system through simulation study, remember working fluid through the thermal energy of development unit that generates electrical energy and lowing development through unit working fluid and the outdoor air heat exchange to each other that include radiator remind remind, lang, cycle makes the pump by flow batteries above working fluid above unit, It further includes a flow distributor that distributes to at least any of the above motor units and solar panel units.
