id-US10690011B2    abstract-There is provided a technique of a power generation system for performing power generation by introducing a cooling medium for cooling a plurality of semiconductor manufacturing apparatuses into a power generation part, wherein the system comprises a plurality of cooling medium passages, through which the cooling medium for cooling the semiconductor manufacturing apparatuses flows and connected to the power generation part. The system is configured to control an opening/closing part installed in each of the plurality of cooling medium passages based on a temperature of the cooling medium and to control inflow of the cooling medium from the plurality of cooling medium passages to the power generation part such that a temperature of the cooling medium flowing into the power generation part is equal to or higher than a predetermined temperature.

id-US20190048747A1    abstract-A power conversion system including a first working fluid circuit and a second working fluid circuit. Heat, e.g. waste heat from a top, high-temperature thermodynamic cycle, is transferred to working fluid circulating in the first working fluid circuit and expanded in a first expander to generate useful mechanical power. A heat transfer arrangement is provided, between the first working fluid circuit and second working fluid circuit, configured for transferring low-temperature heat from the first working fluid circuit to the second working fluid circuit. In the second working fluid circuit working fluid is processed, which is expanded in at least one expander to generate useful mechanical power which is used to power a pump or compressor of the first working fluid circuit. The heat of the expanded gas is further used in a second recuperator to pre-heat the first working fluid.

id-US9810129B2    abstract-A system for recovering waste heat energy for a motor assisted turbocharger, including a turbine, a first power transmission device connected on a first side to the turbine, a drive gear disposed about and connected on a first side to a second side of the first power transmission device, a second power transmission device connected on a first side to a second side of the drive gear, and a compressor connected to a second side of the second power transmission device. The system further includes a motor gear drivingly connected to the drive gear, a motor generator connected to the motor gear, a waste heat recovery circuit including an expander, an output gear connected to the expander and drivingly connected to the motor gear.

id-WO2018013027A1    abstract-The invention relates to a method for controlling a waste heat recovery system (10) associated with a powertrain (3) of a vehicle (1), the powertrain (3) comprising a combustion engine (2) and a gearbox (4) connected to the combustion engine (2), the waste heat recovery system (10) comprising a working fluid circuit (12); an evaporator (14); an expander (16); a condenser (18); a reservoir (20) for a working fluid (WF) and a pump (22) arranged to pump the working fluid (WF) through the circuit (12), wherein the evaporator (14) is arranged for heat exchange between the working fluid (WF) and at least one heat source (24), wherein the waste heat recovery system (10) further comprises a cooling circuit (26) arranged in connection to the condenser (18), and wherein the expander (16) is mechanically coupled to the powertrain (3). The method comprises the steps of determining (s101) the pressure (P) and temperature (T) of the working fluid (WF) upstream of the expander (16); and controlling (s102) the rotational speed of the expander (16) based on the determined pressure (P) and temperature (T). The invention also relates to a waste heat recovery system (10), a vehicle (1) comprising such a system (10), a computer program (Pr) and a computer program product.

id-JP2018071356A    abstract-[challenges] to provide a heat energy recovery device that can increase the amount of power recovered and its operation method. [solution] thermal energy recovery device, evaporator (10), expander (12), power recovery unit (14), condenser (16), pump (18), supply channel (32), discharge channel (34), pressure adjustment valve (V1), etc. The control part 40 is used to adjust the opening position of the pressure adjusting valve (V1) so that when the pressure of the heating medium supplied to the evaporator 10 is less than the reference value, the pressure of the heating medium in the vapor phase is above the reference value. After adjusting the opening degree of the pressure adjustment valve V1 through part 42 and the pressure adjustment part 42, or at the same time adjusting the opening degree of the pressure adjustment part V1 through the pressure adjustment part 42, the rotation number adjustment part 44 that increases the rotation number of the pump (18) is formed Having to have. Selection diagram: figure 1
