id-US20140203557A1    abstract-A system including a gas turbine system and an electrolysis unit configured to produce a hydrogen gas for reducing a minimum emissions compliance load of the gas turbine system.
id-US20140208747A1    abstract-A steam circuit is defined in a multi-section single shaft turbine. A hot reheat steam is input to a section of the multi-section turbine. A first flow path flows the hot reheat steam from an upstream side through the section of the multi-section turbine to a downstream side to create work. A second flow path directs a portion of the flow back toward the upstream side in the section of the multi-section turbine between an outer shell and an inner shell of the turbine. The effective shell cooling provides for increased main and reheat steam temperatures to improve performance. The system reduces the extraction steam flow required to meet the design final feedwater temperatures and allows more steam to expand through the low pressure section.
id-US9032733B2    abstract-Various embodiments of the invention include a system including: at least one computing device operably connected with a steam turbomachine and an extraction conduit fluidly connected with the steam turbomachine and a steam seal header fluidly coupled with the steam turbomachine, the at least one computing device configured to modify an output of the steam turbomachine by performing actions including: determining a pressure within the steam turbomachine; comparing the pressure within the steam turbomachine with a pressure threshold range; and instructing the extraction conduit to extract steam seal header steam from the steam seal header and provide the extracted steam seal header steam to the steam turbomachine in response to determining the pressure within the steam turbomachine deviates from the pressure threshold range.
id-US9453433B2    abstract-Embodiments of a system that configured as a closed loop system, with a pump, an evaporator, a power generator, and a condenser, the combination of which circulate a working fluid to generate electrical power. The embodiments can harvest residual energy in the working fluid to improve efficiency and to reduce power loss that can derive from the pump as well as other auxiliary loads (e.g., fans). In one embodiment, the system incorporates members that operate in response to the working fluid, often in the higher pressure vapor form that occurs after evaporation and/or power generation stages. These members can include mechanical elements, for example, that have motive action (e.g., reciprocate, rotate, etc.) that is useful to satisfy operating and power requirements of auxiliary loads. For the pressurization stage, these mechanical elements may embody a piston-and-cylinder arrangement (or other rotary or linear positive displacement arrangement) that generates motion that can drive the pump.
id-WO2015012732A1    abstract-A method of heat recovery of waste steam, a recuperator for the implementation of the method and methods of engine operation using recuperators are proposed. Heat recovery shall be carried out in a recuperator (24) filled with capsules (17), which can be moved by the mechanism (29) relative to the temperature zones of the recuperator cyclic, the engine shall be operated alternately by the injection of the capsules (17) filled with the working body in the refrigeration area (16) into a working cell (23) combined with a heater (26), the waste working body being displaced from the working cell (23) into a recuperator (24) and a refrigerator (16), At the same time, heat is transferred to the injected capsule (17), the capsule (17) is opened, the fragment of the working body enclosed in it is expanded, the empty capsule (17) is removed from the volume of the working chamber (23), the empty capsule (17) is replaced by the mechanism (29) for the next filled capsule (17). The technical result of the proposed group of inventions is increased efficiency of heat recovery of waste steam (waste working body) in operation of heat supply devices.
id-US10283797B2    abstract-The invention relates to a method for storing electric energy, which comprises the steps         a) production of methane from water and soot using electric energy,   b) storage of the methane,   c) dissociation of the methane into hydrogen and soot, with the hydrogen being used for energy generation, or           energy generation by conversion of the methane into soot and water in a cyclic bromination-oxidation process, wherein the soot formed in the dissociation of methane or in the cyclic bromination-oxidation process in step c) is collected and, in a renewed pass through the method, is used for methane production in step a), so that a closed carbon circuit is formed, and also a system comprising a power-methane conversion plant in which electric power is converted together with soot and water into methane and also a methane-power conversion plant in which methane is converted into hydrogen with elimination of soot.
id-EP2878790A1    abstract-One of the objects of the invention is to provide a water-saving type advanced humid air gas turbine system (AHAT) that can decrease the amount of makeup water to be supplied from the outside, by reducing the amount of water consumed when the gas turbine system is starting up, shut down, or subjected to load rejection.      The AHAT includes a gas turbine system; a heat recovery steam generator 10 for generating steam by use of exhaust gas from a turbine 4; a water recovery system 6 for recovering moisture contained in the exhaust gas; a first steam system for supplying steam, coming from the heat recovery steam generator 10, to a compressed air header; and a second steam system for supplying steam, coming from the heat recovery steam generator 10, to the heat recovery steam generator 10 or the water recovery system 6. The gas turbine system includes a compressor 1, the compressed air header 2 for generating humidified combustion air, a combustor 3 for generating combustion gas, and the turbine 4. When the gas turbine system is starting up, shut down or subjected to load rejection, steam coming from the heat recovery steam generator 10 is recovered by blocking the first steam system and making the second steam system communicate with the heat recovery steam generator 10.
