id-US20220088531A1    abstract-A combustion system and process of operating the combustion system incorporating an electrostatic precipitator, an optional flue gas desulfurizer, and a temperature swing adsorptive gas separator, for post-combustion emission abatement is provided. A steam stream may be employed as a first regeneration stream for the temperature swing adsorptive gas separator. A fluid stream at a suitable temperature for regeneration of at least one adsorbent material in the temperature swing adsorptive gas separator may be employed as a second regeneration stream where the fluid stream may be recovered from an auxiliary heater.
id-US20190093521A1    abstract-The object of the present invention is a plant and related method for the supply to the end-user, by making use of the heating power transferred by a heat source e.g. gas, oil products, coal or renewable type e.g. biomass, solar, geothermal, simultaneously with electric power and/or mechanical power, heating power and cooling power “Heating-Cooling” operating mode of the plant or simultaneously with electric power and/or mechanical power and heating power only “Heating” operating mode of the plant or simultaneously with electric power and/or mechanical power and cooling power only “Cooling” operating mode of the plant. The operation of the plant, according to each of the three operation modes, is obtained by the regulation of several on-off valves and a flow rate regulation valve.
id-WO2017157487A1    abstract-The invention involves and a Wasser-Dampf-Kreislauf The Kraftwerksanlage(1)(2) and a device (3) associated with the water supply Dampf-Kreislauf(2) are used to wipe the sewage from the Wasser-Dampf-Kreislauf(2), wherein the sewage device (3) is used to wipe the Einspeisestelle(4) including the stream Enter Rohwasserleitung (5). The invention also relates to a working method of water treatment for a (1) water circulation system (2) in a nuclear power plant.
id-US10982568B2    abstract-A pumping apparatus for a heat engine, includes an extraction line arranged to extract a fraction of liquid working fluid from a working circuit of a heat engine; an extraction line pump for pumping the extracted working fluid; an extraction line heat exchanger for vaporising the extracted working fluid; and a pressure-operated pump for pumping the working fluid around the working circuit, wherein the extraction line pump and the extraction line heat exchanger are arranged in series to convert the liquid working fluid to a pressurised motive gas; and wherein the pump is driven by the pressurized motive gas.
id-WO2017204773A8    abstract-The basic condition of thermodynamics is that it is closed circuit. This is a main prerequisite for a thermodynamics system to be measurable and controllable. This is in full the ground on which CHP-w has been set up. There should not be any misconception about CHP-w like that; how can a thermodynamic equality produce more work reversely ? It is a fact that an equality must be the same on both sides. However, Cogeneration and Cogeneration-w are not two sides of an equality. Cogeneration and Cogeneration- w consist of a seperate equations in itself. Cogeneration is a method of recovering of the heat by using thermodynamic parameters that has fallen into an inert state in an open system. Whereas, the CHP-w predicates on a closed thermodynamic system which aspires to arise the work output as target. CHP-w method has been set up over the features of taking under control to boiler inner combustion- fluid balance with elastic superheated steam production level, except for flue gas avoiding to directly use of boiler inner heat as much as possible, collecting to boiler inner heat in a only hand by producing superheated steam and having been able to converted the enthalpy/ heat temperature and kinetic energy/ pressure into one another through different steam types in a closed system. CHP-w energy generation method obtains as much superheated steam as possible from the boiler inner heat, excluding to the flue gas and produces the work from it. If the steam to be remained in desired type and amount from the work generation by taking from turbine output whether directly as steam, or which uses by converting it over again to the heat energy is the name of a closed thermodynamic system. Provided that to use CHP-w method, the MDF wood panel production facilities in particular have the opportunity to generate electrical energy at a highly significant rate with their own biomass production residues. The same thing is a valid state for other wood-based panel manufacturing facilities whose woody-biomass residues to be left from production is not as much as MDF production process. The rate of heat required to produce superheated steam is very low. All the work done by the superheated steam is only done with this small amount of energy. At the same time this is the total amount of energy that is lost by transforming to work in a closed system. It is the cost of work. The most largest part of the generated heat in the boiler is spent to the water at 104°C temperature to convert to saturated steam. However, this spent-heat energy can be recovered again through a suitable type of steam in a closed system and can be evaluated in the manner what is desired, whereever it is needed.
id-US20170358971A1    abstract-A renewable energy cycle system and method thereof is disclosed, wherein the renewable energy cycle system comprises a water softening equipment, an electrolysis hydrogen equipment, at least a combustion boiler equipment, a generator and at least a steam efficacy conversion device. Herein softened water can be electrolyzed into hydrogen and oxygen by means of the electrolysis hydrogen equipment, and the decomposed hydrogen can be transported to the combustion boiler equipment for combustion such that the liquid in the combustion boiler equipment boils and generates saturated vapor pressure. Next, the generated saturated vapor pressure can be outputted into the steam efficacy conversion equipment such that the steam efficacy conversion equipment can convert the steam efficacy into mechanical energy thereby allowing the steam engine in the steam efficacy conversion equipment to rotate in high speed. Then, the generated high speed rotations can draw the generator to cut the internal magnetic lines to perform mechanical operations for power generation, and the electric energy created by the mechanical operations of power generation can be circularly provided to the electrolysis hydrogen equipment as the required electric power for operations thereof so as to achieve the objective of environment protective cycle power supply.
