id-JP2017503103A    abstract-In electricity and water cogeneration systems and methods, by heating brine with waste steam, calcium and magnesium compounds in brine are quickly crystallized, precipitated and filtered as calcium and magnesium lime. Therefore, the first step is to acquire the washing water and remove calcium and magnesium wax; the second step is to generate saturated steam and concentrated salt water by distilling the washing water at a high temperature using waste steam, and the second step is to discharge the concentrated salt water; and the heat of the saturated steam. The energy is converted into electrical energy, and after the saturated steam releases the thermal energy, the condensate produced is divided into two parts, some of which are discharged as fresh water. It also includes step 4, which converts the thermal energy of the superheated steam into electrical energy, feeds back the waste steam generated after the superheated steam releases the thermal energy, heats the salt water, feeds back the hot steam of the washed water. There is. The electricity and water cogeneration system includes a cleaning device (10), a mixed heat exchanger (20), a waste heat generator (30) and a thermal power generation device (40). The above is similar to the electric and water cogeneration method. The electricity and water cogeneration system and methods are to realize efficient electricity and water cogeneration at low cost. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-US9791146B2    abstract-A novel processed vapor make-up water subsystem that uses a make-up water boiler to boil and purify make-up water and its method of use are described. Upon vaporization, dissolved solids remain in the liquid water in the bottom of the make-up boiler and the solids free steam is introduced into the main boiler loop through a deaerator. Periodically, the water in the bottom of the make-up boiler is blown down when the amount of dissolved solids in the water reach a predetermined level.
id-US9840939B2    abstract-In one or more of the inventive aspects, when a gas turbine system of a power plant operates at part load, a moisture content of fuel gas provided to the gas turbine system may be controlled so as to minimize combustion dynamics and/or to comply with emission requirements. The fuel gas moisture content may be controlled by modulating a flow of heated water to a fuel moisturizer. By using heated water from a heat recovery steam generator to moisturize the fuel gas, heat energy from the water may be transferred to the fuel gas, and the overall mass flow may be enhanced to thereby increase overall combined cycle efficiency.
id-WO2016056896A1    abstract-Electrical power and distilled water generator comprising: • a combustion device (22) for driving an electrical power generator (21); • a membrane distillation system (3) comprising a heat transfer module for providing heat to a distillation module which comprises an evaporation part provided in a feed water flow passage, a condensation part provided adjacent to said evaporation part, and a hydrophobic porous membrane interposed between these parts, and a condenser unit fluidly connected to said condensation part, which condenser unit is coupled to a first cooling circuit, wherein said condensation part and/or said condenser unit are connected to a distillate flow passage; and • a cooling system (4) comprising an accumulator, and a condenser/ evaporator which is coupled to a second cooling circuit (42), • wherein said first and second cooling circuit are thermally coupled, and • wherein the assembly is provided with a primary heating circuit (5), which is coupled to the combustion device, the heat transfer module, and the accumulator.
id-US20160138428A1    abstract-A system includes a heat recovery steam generator (HRSG) including a first pressure economizer, a first pressure evaporator that may receive a first portion of a feed water from the first pressure economizer at a first pressure, a re-heat section that may receive the first portion of the feed water from the first pressure economizer as a first steam flow, and a flash system including a first flash vessel that may receive a second portion of the feed water from the first pressure economizer and to generate a first flash steam flow. The system may combine the first flash steam flow with the first steam flow of the feed water at a second pressure less than the first pressure.
