id-WO2016162272A1    abstract-The invention comprises a steam engine (2), a steam turbine (6), and a steam turbine (12) to activate a steam turbine (6), and the steam turbine is driven by the steam (12). To make a service,Turbinenanlage(2), would effectively raise the proposed Turbinenanlage(2) to an Arbeitsmittelspeicher associated with Dampferzeuger(6). (8) and a Dampfturbine Dampfmassenstrom(12) mode will really improve your Arbeitsmittel from the Arbeitsmittelspeicher (8) Dampfturbine management (12).
id-US20160348020A1    abstract-The invention relates to a lignite fired steam power plant comprising a water/steam power cycle and a lignite dryer system having a heat pump circuit configured and arranged to provide heat energy to a lignite dryer of the dryer system. The heat pump includes a dryer heat exchanger, an expansion device and an evaporator heat exchanger connected to the first outlet line so as to enable heat energy transfer from the vapour of the first outlet line to the first working fluid. A compressor is also included in the heat pump circuit. In addition the heat pump circuit is connected to the water/steam power cycle by a steam makeup line from the pressure series of steam turbines and a condensate return line.
id-EP3098397A1    abstract-The invention relates to power plant with a steam water power cycle and a lignite dryer that uses steam from the steam water power cycle. The connection of the lignite dryer to the steam water powercycle includes a first extraction line (104) and a second extraction line (101). The first extraction line (104) originates from a point between a high pressure turbine (32) and an intermediate pressure steam turbine (34) and includes an ejector (106), while the a second extraction line (101) originates from a point an intermediate pressure steam turbine (34) and a low pressure steam turbine (35). The configuration and location of the ejector (106) and the connection of the second extraction line (101) to the ejector (106) enables a lower pressure steam in the second extraction line (101) to be fed into the heater (13) together with a higher pressure steam of the first extraction line (104).
id-WO2017068520A1    abstract-The present disclosure envisages a system that increases the regenerative feed heating of feed water. The system includes a steam turbine that is configured to receive high pressure steam provide low pressure expanded steam subsequent to the expansion of the high pressure steam thereon. A condenser that is configured to receive a first stream of expanded steam and facilitate the condensation of the first stream to provide a condensate. The LP heater is configured to receive the condensate and a second stream of expanded steam and generate a heated condensate. The deaerator is configured to receive the heated condensate and facilitate removal of dissolved oxygen from the heated condensate. The VAM comprises a VAM condenser that is configured to facilitate heating of the condensate prior to entering within the LP heater. A VAM absorber configured to facilitate heating of the heated condensate prior to entry within the deaerator.
id-US10054011B2    abstract-Systems and methods based on the systems to convert a portion of thermal energy into to mechanical and/or electrical energy including a power generation subsystem (PGSS) comprising a vaporization and power generation subsystem (VPSS) including a heat recovery vapor generator (HRVG) and a turbine T1, a heating and cooling subsystem (HCSS) including three parallel configured heat exchange units HE3, HE4, and HE5, a single heat exchange unit HE2, and a first separator SP1, and a condensing subsystem (CSS) including a final condenser HE1b from a heat source subsystem (HSSS) including a heat source producing an initial heat source stream.
