id-WO2011091950A2    abstract-When cooling acid which is withdrawn from an absorption apparatus of a sulfuric acid plant, the acid is pumped from an acid pump tank into a heat exchanger and subsequently again supplied to the absorption apparatus, wherein water as heat transport medium is heated in the heat exchanger with the heat of the acid and is at least partly converted into steam, and wherein the water is separated from the steam. It is provided that the acid is supplied to a shell space of the heat exchanger and the water is supplied to heat transfer elements arranged in the shell space and at least partly converted into steam, that the steam generated in the heat exchanger is separated from water in a steam drum, and that the water thus obtained is recirculated to the heat exchanger by means of a pump.
id-US9316123B2    abstract-The present invention generally relates to power generation systems configured to absorb and capture a component, such as carbon dioxide, in a flue gas for later sequestration or utilization, wherein heat generated in the sorption process is captured for use in the power generation system. In some examples, the heat of sorption is used to preheat fluids in one or more systems of the power generation system to reduce the heating load on the subsystem. By using the heat of sorption, the carbon dioxide capture and sequestration process not only reduces or eliminates the concentration of carbon dioxide in the flue gas, but reduces or eliminates the parasitic effect of carbon dioxide capture and sequestration on power generation.
id-US8661821B2    abstract-The present invention relates to a process for reducing coal consumption in coal fired plant with fluidized-bed drying, namely a fluidized-bed drying system is provided between a coal powder bunker as well as a weighing belt and a coal grinding mill of the prior coal fired boiler generating set, and superheated steam which has done partial work is extracted from an steam turbine and used as a drying medium, moisture contained in the coal powder is evaporated with sensible heat and latent heat of the superheated steam, water resulted from the condensation of the superheated steam is fed into a deaerator of the steam turbine via a condensate pump for recirculation. The present invention has advantages of reducing coal consumption and saving coal, recovering residual heat, reducing emission of carbon dioxide and adopting to the national industrial policy on energy saving and emission reduction.
id-US20110214427A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a process for reducing coal consumption in coal fired power plant with steam-piping drying, namely a steam-piping drying system is provided between a coal grinding mill and a coal powder bunker as well as a weighing belt of the prior coal fired boiler generating set, and superheated steam which have done partial work is extracted from an steam turbine and used as a drying medium, moisture contained in the coal powder is evaporated with sensible heat and latent heat of the superheated steam, water resulted from the condensation of the superheated steam is fed into a deaerator of the steam turbine via a condensate pump for recirculation. The present invention has advantages of reducing coal consumption and saving coal, recovering residual heat, reducing emission of carbon dioxide and adopting to the national industrial policy on energy saving and emission reduction.
id-US9856755B2    abstract-A power plant system including a fossil fuel fired power plant ( 6 ) for the generation of electricity, a carbon dioxide capture and compression system ( 5, 13 ), and an external heat cycle system has at least one heat exchanger ( 1,2,3 ) for the heating of the flow medium of the external heat cycle system. The heat exchanger ( 1,2,3 ) is connected to a heat flow from the CO 2  capture plant ( 5 ) or a CO 2  compression unit ( 13 ). A return flow from the heat exchanger ( 1,2,3 ) is led to the CO 2  capture and compression system ( 5,13 ) or to the power plant ( 6 ). The power plant system allows an increase in overall efficiency of the system.
id-EP2388445A1    abstract-Warmeverschubsystem in Dampfkraftwerk Dampfkraftwerk relates to the invention of the Warmeverschubsystem (53) in a Dampfkraftwerk(51) full befeuerten metal box (59) and an abgehenden Rauchgasleitung(7, 57) carried out Frischluftleitung(9 and Abwarmequelle 55), in particular Abscheidevorrichtung 65(15) for CO 2, Abwarmeleitung (16.67) A tube (16,67) with a cooling tube is connected to a ventilation tube (9,55). Another example is a steam power station (1,51) and a shared thermal propulsion system (3,53). Using the waste power provided by the isolator (1565), the power station work can be converted into the combustion efficiency of the power station (1,51).
id-US20120042656A1    abstract-A closed-loop organic Rankine cycle apparatus to extract waste heat from the exhaust gas from a gas turbine engine is disclosed wherein the closed loop includes at least one additional heat exchanger. An additional heat exchanger for heating fuel may be in one of three locations relative to the ORC turbine and condensing heat exchanger. One location is a preferred location for adding heat to all fuels (liquid, gaseous and/or cryogenic). Another location is a practical location for adding heat to very cold or cryogenic fuels such as CNG or LNG. The closed-loop organic Rankine cycle apparatus, besides extracting waste heat from the exhaust gases, may also include an additional heat exchanger to recover heat from a compressor on a gas turbine engine prior to entering an intercooler on a gas turbine engine.      In another embodiment, the exhaust stream can be directed, in selected proportions, to a closed organic Rankine cycle, a heat exchanger for pre-heating fuel or directly out an exhaust stack.
id-WO2012025440A2    abstract-Involving the invention of the Dampfkraftwerk:(1) The Speisewasserpump with the Speisewasserpumpe Hauptturbosatz(2),(17) required many (8), a Speisepumpen Antriebsturbine(18) derives from Speisewasserpumpe(17), in which Speisepumpen-Antriebsturbine(18) is trained as Dampfturbine,Frischdampfseite(19) and a Da mpfZufuhrung (9) is connected from Hauptturbosatz (2) stromungstechnisch to another food pump (170) to the food pump (17).
id-WO2012042101A1    abstract-The invention relates to a method for recovering heat from flue gas and to a steam power plant. In the method, combustion air is preheated in a flue gas LUVO (10) by means of flue gases (FH) exiting a boiler (11) and feed water (W) entering the boiler (11) is preheated by means of steams bled from a steam turbine. A part of heated air (AH) having passed through the flue gas LUVO (10) is conveyed as recirculated air (AR) within preheated air (Ac) to be fed to the flue gas LUVO (10) and recirculated air (AR) is controlled to pass via at least one recirculated-air heat exchanger (8a, 8b), in which recirculated-air heat exchanger (8a, 8b) recirculated air (AR) is cooled by means of feed water entering the boiler.
id-US9416683B2    abstract-According to one embodiment, a carbon-dioxide-recovery-type steam power generation system comprises a boiler that produces steam and generates an exhaust gas, a first turbine that is rotationally driven by the steam, an absorption tower allows carbon dioxide contained in the exhaust gas to be absorbed into an absorption liquid, a regeneration tower that discharges the carbon dioxide gas from the absorption liquid supplied from the absorption tower, a condenser that removes moisture from the carbon dioxide gas, discharged from the regeneration tower, by condensing the carbon dioxide gas using cooling water, a compressor that compresses the carbon dioxide gas from which the moisture is removed by the condenser, and a second turbine that drives the compressor. The steam produced by the cooling water recovering the heat from the carbon dioxide gas in the condenser is supplied to the first turbine or the second turbine.
id-US20120129112A1    abstract-A method of and a system for combusting fuel in an oxyfuel combustion boiler. Fuel is fed to a furnace of the boiler. Oxidant gas that includes a mixture of substantially pure oxygen and recycled flue gas is fed to the furnace, prior to the feeding of the oxidant gas. At least a portion of the oxidant gas is preheated to generate preheated oxidant gas. The fuel is combusted with the oxidant gas in the furnace so as to generate steam and to produce the flue gas, and at least a portion of the steam is superheated to generate superheated steam. The preheating of the at least a portion of the oxidant gas is performed by using a heat exchanger that transfers heat from a portion of the superheated steam to the oxidant gas.
