id-WO2020151818A1    abstract-This paper discusses a method to improve the thermal power of internal combustion engine to achieve the effect. After full combustion, water is added one or more times to the internal combustion engine's stove, and then the rate of re-heating is used to produce high-density steam compounds, while cooling the engine from the inside without requiring additional energy. As the quality of the emission carburetor is increased, the efficiency of the gas vapor power generation unit is greatly improved.
id-US20200248648A1    abstract-There is disclosed an engine assembly for an aircraft, including: a combustion engine including a coolant circuit in heat exchange relationship with a heat sink, the heat sink including a heat exchanger and at least one component, the at least one component having a main function that differs from thermal exchange. A method of operating the system is also disclosed.
id-WO2020144395A1    abstract-In a method a combined heat and power plant produced gaseous medium, whether it be synthesis gas or internal combustion engine's exhaust gas, is used for electricity production or its contained heat energy is recovered to be used e.g. for house heating, comprises method steps of separating a first gas portion and a second gas portion from the gaseous medium. This enables to change the ratio of the produced heat and power in multiple ways. The combined heat and power plant in the method comprises a valve configured to separate the gaseous medium into a first gas portion and into a second gas portion.
id-WO2020151989A1    abstract-The evaporator (23) of a heat recovery circuit (24) attached to a cooling circuit (14) of a thermal motor (13) is disposed on a bypass (18) of an outlet duct (16) outside the motor, and a valve (17) controls the distribution of heat transfer flows between the bypass (18) and the parallel portion of the duct (16). The flow rate passes completely or mainly through the bypass (18) when the engine is hot, but not when it is cold, in order to make the evaporator (23) inactive and not to counter a normal rise in engine temperature (13). By placing the evaporator (23) right at the outlet of the engine (13), a maximum flow of heat transfer fluid is available through the cooling circuit (14) and thus a more efficient heat recovery.
id-US20200256243A1    abstract-A method and a turbine-compressor assembly of a system having an engine includes an upstream valve coupled with a compressor and a turbine-compressor device, a downstream valve coupled with a turbine and the device, and a controller to control the upstream, downstream, and a control valve. The controller selectively operates the device in a plurality of operating modes. In a turbine mode of operation, the upstream valve directs inlet air to the compressor, the turbine receives engine exhaust, the downstream valve directs first turbine exhaust from the turbine to the device, and the control valve directs second turbine exhaust from the device to an outlet. In a compressor mode of operation, the control valve directs the inlet air to the device, the upstream valve directs first compressed air from the device to the compressor, and the downstream valve directs the first turbine exhaust from the turbine to the outlet.
id-US11359558B2    abstract-A method and a turbine-compressor assembly of a system having an engine includes an upstream valve coupled with a compressor and a turbine-compressor device, a downstream valve coupled with a turbine and the device, and a controller to control the upstream, downstream, and a control valve. The controller selectively operates the device in a plurality of operating modes. In a turbine mode of operation, the upstream valve directs inlet air to the compressor, the turbine receives engine exhaust, the downstream valve directs first turbine exhaust from the turbine to the device, and the control valve directs second turbine exhaust from the device to an outlet. In a compressor mode of operation, the control valve directs the inlet air to the device, the upstream valve directs first compressed air from the device to the compressor, and the downstream valve directs the first turbine exhaust from the turbine to the outlet.
id-US10858992B2    abstract-Systems and methods are provided for a turbocharger system for use with a process gas capture system. In one example, the turbocharger system comprises: a heat exchanger positioned to receive inlet gas from a gas generating system via a first inlet; a low pressure compressor driven by a low pressure turbine and coupled to a first outlet of the heat exchanger; a mid-pressure compressor driven by a mid-pressure turbine and coupled in series with the low pressure compressor, the mid-pressure compressor configured to receive low pressure compressed gas from the low pressure compressor; and a high pressure compressor driven by a high pressure turbine and coupled in series with the mid-pressure compressor, the high pressure compressor configured to receive mid-pressure compressed gas from the mid-pressure compressor and output high pressure compressed gas to the process gas capture system and a second inlet of the heat exchanger.
id-US20220316387A1    abstract-A method and a turbine-compressor assembly of a system having a turbine-compressor device fluidly coupled with a heat source, a compressor, and a turbine via plural valves. A power device may be coupled with the turbine-compressor device. A controller may control operation of the plural valves to control movement of fluids within the assembly to selectively switch between the turbine-compressor device operating in one of plural modes. In a turbine mode of operation, the turbine-compressor device may generate electrical power and direct the electrical power to the power device. In a compressor mode of operation, the turbine-compressor device may receive electrical power from the power device to consume the electrical power.
id-US20200251645A1    abstract-The thermoelectric conversion device includes thermoelectric conversion elements disposed in a row in a first direction and a second direction that intersect each other in a plane on a first surface side of a base material, hot junction portions thermally connected to ends on hot junction sides of the thermoelectric conversion elements, and cold junction portions thermally connected to ends on cold junction sides of the thermoelectric conversion elements. The hot junction portions and the cold junction portions are alternately disposed in a row in the first direction and the second direction. The base material has thin portions provided corresponding to junction portions that are either the hot junction portions or the cold junction portions and thick portions provided corresponding to the other junction portions. The thick portions that are adjacent in a third direction different from the first and second directions are connected.
id-US20200294780A1    abstract-Various disclosed embodiments include combined heating and power modules and combined heat and power devices. In an illustrative embodiment, a combined heat and power device includes a heating system including: at least one burner; at least one igniter configured to ignite the at least one burner; a fluid motivator assembly including an electrically powered prime mover; and a heat exchanger fluidly couplable to the fluid motivator assembly. At least one thermionic energy converter has a hot shell and a cold shell, the hot shell being thermally couplable to the at least one burner, the cold shell being thermally couplable to the heat exchanger.
id-WO2020185944A1    abstract-Various disclosed embodiments include combined heating and power modules and combined heat and power devices. In an illustrative embodiment, a combined heat and power module includes at least one burner. At least one thermionic energy converter is attached to the at least one burner, the at least one thermionic energy converter having a hot shell and a cold shell, the hot shell being configured to be thermally couplable to the at least one burner, the cold shell being configured to be thermally couplable to a heat exchanger.
id-WO2020189969A1    abstract-This invention hybrid generation device about, operate the boiler by the heat generated to heat a working fluid into circulation and repeatedly after recovery can develop the turbine vane engine using, as well as operate the boiler heated gas generated after heating or steam heating repeatedly separate vane with circular and recovery turbine engine can develop simultaneously aimed at allowing.
id-US20200291905A1    abstract-An exhaust system with a first and a second exhaust conduit arranged in a parallel flow arrangement. The exhaust system further includes an exhaust gas heat recovery (EGHR) heat exchanger coupled to an exterior of the first exhaust conduit. The exhaust system further includes a first flow control valve controlling the flow of exhaust gas into the EGHR heat exchanger from the first exhaust conduit and a second flow control valve controlling the flow of exhaust gas through the second exhaust conduit.
id-US11167704B2    abstract-An electric power system for a vehicle includes an exhaust heat recovery apparatus, a low-voltage system, a high-voltage system, a first wiring line, a second wiring line, and a DC/DC converter. The exhaust heat recovery apparatus includes a power generator that generates electric power on the basis of heat exhausted from a heating element. The low-voltage system includes a low-voltage secondary battery. The high-voltage system includes a high-voltage secondary battery that outputs a voltage higher than the low-voltage secondary battery. The first wiring line couples the power generator and the low-voltage system. The second wiring line couples the first wiring line and the high-voltage system. The DC/DC converter is disposed on the second wiring line and increases and decreases a voltage supplied to the DC/DC converter.
id-US20200370509A1    abstract-A monolithic heater body may include a combustor body, a hot-side heat exchanger body, and an eductor body. The combustor body may define a combustion chamber and a conditioning conduit circumferentially surrounding the combustion chamber. The conditioning conduit may fluidly communicate with the combustion chamber at a distal portion of the combustion chamber. The hot-side heat exchanger body may define a hot-side heat exchanger that includes a heating fluid pathway fluidly communicating with a proximal portion of the combustion chamber. The eductor body may define an eduction pathway fluidly communicating with a downstream portion of the heating fluid pathway and a proximal portion of the conditioning conduit.
id-US20200378285A1    abstract-An exhaust heat recovery system may include a muffler including a muffler case, a pipe through which exhaust gas flows, a baffle partitioning an internal space of the muffler case into a first space and a second space, and a valve mounted on an end portion of the pipe to change a direction in which the exhaust gas flows, and a heat exchanger mounted outside the muffler to fluidically-communicate with both the first and second spaces, allowing the exhaust gas to be introduced thereinto and to be discharged therefrom, the heat exchanger including a cooling channel through which cooling water flows, and heat exchange between the exhaust gas and the cooling water being performed in the heat exchanger.
id-WO2020242768A1    abstract-A waste heat recovery (WHR) system that can be utilized in internal combustion engine systems includes at least two circuits, one having a low pressure working fluid and another having a high pressure working fluid. Each circuit can include heat exchangers to allow the working fluid to absorb heat form one or more heat source fluids associated with the engine. The system can also include an expander configured to receive the working fluid from the at least two circuits, and generating mechanical power. The system also can include a condenser, a sub cooler, and at least one working fluid pump to pump the working fluid in the at least two circuits. The cooling system also includes a controller that can receive temperature and pressure values from various locations in the WHR system and control at least the flow rates of the working fluids in the at least two circuits.
id-US10787992B1    abstract-A regenerative displacer for use in a stirling engine includes two opposite covers with respective through openings, a body engaging the covers to define an accommodation space therein, a regenerator disposed in the accommodation space, and a rod inserted through the regenerator and one of the covers into a cooling portion of the stirling engine. The regenerator has a plurality of channels. Each channel has two open ends and a heat collecting net engaging each open end. Working gas passing through the regenerative displacer can be concentrated at the open ends and can absorb and release heat quickly because of the heat collecting nets, thereby increasing the efficiency of heat exchange and a temperature difference of the working gas in a thermodynamic cycle. Accordingly, pressure is increased to facilitate a quick reciprocation of a power piston of the stirling engine, and this increases output power and saves energy.
id-US20200398180A1    abstract-Methods and apparatus consistent with the present disclosure may provide electrical energy and thermal to extraction or separation equipment. Methods and apparatus consistent with the present disclosure may extract and concentrate essential elements plant matter. An amount of wasted heat energy collected from a engine that powers an electrical generator may be provided to an evaporation or separation process when electrical power is provided to extraction or separation processing equipment. Computers or electronics that control equipment consistent with the present disclosure may be remotely controlled via a mobile electronic device, when desired. Such computers or electronics may receive sensor data related to the operation of plat matter extractors, related separation equipment, or other equipment may be used to manage a production line. As such, methods and apparatus consistent with the present disclosure may extract essential elements from cannabis plant matter and process those essential elements into cannabis extracts or isolates.
id-EP3751125A1    abstract-About the invention of the Abgaswarmeruckgewinnungssystem (30 years old) for an internal combustion engine (10), with a water pump (32) for promoting Betriebsfluids Verdampfer(34) A Contracting State court trial day Betriebsfluids in the form of gases... Kondensator(40 years old), with Verflussigung Betriebsfluids and Expansionskraftmaschine(36), can be fossilized by the related gas Betriebsfluids. To control the counter diffusion engine (36), a sensor (42) is placed on a sensor (36) that monitors the function of the counter diffusion engine. The invention also includes another exhaust fan (30) having the exhaust gas emission extraction system (30), and a procedure for diagnosing such emission reflux extraction system (30).
id-EP3757358A1    abstract-They are designed with a vehicle (1) gear, mounted in a carburetor, with an internal combustion engine (2) and exhaust gas (7) that can be discharged from the internal combustion engine (2). In addition, the drive device (1) has a ring process device comprising an integrated carburetor (11), an expander (15) and a condenser installed in the discharge line (7). The container device comprises a first through desktop capacitor (19) and a second through desktop capacitor (20), the latter of which wanders with the first capacitor (19) in the direction of return of the working medium. In general, by connecting at least two condensers (19,20), a particularly large condenser can be made to function, even at a low pressure page at relatively low pressure, the negative dielectric can also be evaporated. Therefore, a relatively high load can be obtained under high pressure to improve the load efficiency of the hollow disc.
id-JP2020201019A    abstract-[problem] we provide a cogeneration system that can make effective use of the heat emitted from the engine. The cogeneration system consists of an engine that generates electricity, an air-conditioner, and a water temperature regulator that changes the water temperature based on the heat output from the engine before starting the air-conditioner. The water that exchanges heat when starting, and the pipe that circulates the water after the temperature changes by the water temperature regulator. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-JP2020200819A    abstract-[problem] we provide a cogeneration system that can make effective use of the heat emitted from the engine. The cogeneration system consists of an engine for generating power and a turbine for depressurizing steam that is rotated by steam generated based on the thermal energy generated when the engine generates power. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US11280247B2    abstract-A pneumatic system installed on a vehicle and method of using the system to preheat compressor oil and/or components of the system to promote operation in cold weather conditions. The pneumatic system includes a compressor that generates compressed air in which oil is entrained, a separation tank that separates the oil from the air prior to the oil being returned to the compressor, and a heating element located within the separation tank and contacting the oil within the separation tank. Engine coolant of an engine cooling system of the vehicle flows through the heating element and the heating element transferring heat from the engine coolant to the oil within the separation tank to increase the temperature of the oil.
id-WO2021007202A1    abstract-A system includes a coolant circuit, a waste heat recovery (WHR) circuit and a controller. The coolant circuit providing coolant to an engine includes a first coolant sub-circuit including a radiator valve and a radiator, and a second coolant sub-circuit including a WHR heat exchanger. The WHR system includes the WHR heat exchanger and a bypass valve coupled across the WHR heat exchanger. The controller coupled to the radiator valve and the bypass valve is configured to operate the bypass valve to direct working fluid into the heat exchanger if a coolant temperature is above a first threshold value, and operate the radiator valve to direct coolant from the second sub-circuit to the first sub-circuit if at least one of the coolant temperature is above a second threshold value, the working fluid temperature is above a third threshold value or the working fluid pressure is above a fourth threshold value.
id-US20220290637A1    abstract-A thermochemical recuperation (TCR) system that may use a water-alcohol mixture as an engine liquid coolant; that may include a TCR reformer configured to output a TCR product at pressure no less than twenty bars; a pressure regulator; and an TCR product accumulator configured to separate an outputting of the TCR product by the TCR reformer from a provision of the TCR product to the pressure regulator; wherein the pressure regulator is configured to provide the TCR product to a direct injector of an engine, thereby enabling the direct injector to inject the TCR product at a high pressure level—for example at a pressure level that exceeds twenty bars.
id-WO2021025223A1    abstract-The present invention, with the clean fuel dimethyl ether as the raw material, is intended to provide a DME trizene system for driving a DME engine to perform electricity production, heating and cooling control and carbon dioxide demonstration. The DME trizen system of the present invention comprises a DME tank in which the DME fuel is stored; DME engine driven by the above DME fuel raw materials; DME fuel supply unit which supplies the above DME fuel stored in the above DME tank to the above DME engine; A treatment unit that is connected to the exhaust exhaust line of the above DME engine and treats harmful components of the above exhaust gas; A generating unit which produces electricity with the driving power of the above DME engine; And may include heating and cooling units that supply or recover heat from the driving power of the above DME engines.
id-WO2021030849A1    abstract-Method for operating a power plant for generating energy, comprising at least one stationary internal combustion engine (1) and a district heating system (20) connected to the at least one internal combustion engine (1) in a heat exchange relationship, - wherein the at least one internal combustion engine (1) is configured to deliver a mechanical power by burning a fuel, - wherein on the one hand the at least one internal combustion engine (1) is cooled and on the other hand heat is supplied to the district heating system (20) through a heat exchange between the district heating system (20) and the at least one internal combustion engine (1) and - wherein at least one additional cooling device (12) is provided, wherein the cooling of the at least one internal combustion engine (1) is effected - at least partially - using the at least one additional cooling device (12) when a transient performance requirement for the at least one internal combustion engine (1) occurs.
id-WO2021222992A1    abstract-A four-stroke internal combustion diesel engine contains a cylinder unit, a service cylinder, a piston, an intake manifold, an intake valve, a exhaust manifold, a exhaust valve, an external combustion chamber, a connecting channel between the external combustion chamber and the cylinder, a regenerator, a nozzle, a filament candle. In the invention the external combustion chamber and a part of the connecting channel are located in the regenerator, while the regenerator is installed on the exhaust manifold, the external combustion chamber is separated from the working cylinder and connected to it directly by the connecting channel. In one case, the exhaust of the connecting channel has internal screw grooves for swirling gases, while in the other case the intake manifold is connected to the external combustion chamber with the intake valve installed. In the third engine version the exhaust manifold is connected to the external combustion chamber where the exhaust valve is installed. The separation of the external combustion chamber from the cylinder and its installation in the regenerator increases the combustion completeness and reduces the fuel quality requirements, making it possible to use different types of fuel.
id-WO2021038351A1    abstract-The present invention concerns a cogenerator comprising: - a thermoelectric generator (5) and - a heat exchanger (10), the thermoelectric generator is equipped with a combustion chamber (25) and with a cooling circuit (30) in which a fluid circulates the exchanger (10) comprises: - a tank (85) arranged in order to receive and contain said fluid coming from the cooling circuit (30); a pair of coils (86, 88) crossed respectively by the exhaust gases coming from the combustion chamber (25), and by water directed to a sanitary hot water delivery circuit (97); the tank (85) comprises an outlet for the fluid directed to a room heating circuit (90).
id-US10781771B1    abstract-The present invention discloses an automatic cooling system based on stirling engine for combustion engine. The system is configured to utilize thermal energy from the temperature difference between the engine and a radiator to feed the stirling engine. The stirling engine drives a coolant pump to circulate a coolant between the engine and the radiator. If the temperature difference between the combustion engine and the radiator is high, the stirling engine automatically drives the coolant pump and circulates the coolant at high speed. If the temperature difference between the combustion engine and the radiator is low, the stirling engine automatically drives the coolant pump and circulates the coolant at low speed, until the temperature difference between the engine and radiator within a threshold point. Therefore, there is no need for a thermostat and a water pump coupled with the engine.
id-US11365675B2    abstract-In general, techniques of this disclosure are directed to a modular generator set system. A generator set system may comprise a primary module, which may include an engine, a generator coupled to the engine, a primary frame configured to support the engine and the generator, and a first guiding element. The generator set system may also include a secondary module, a secondary frame, and a second guiding element that is reciprocal to the first guiding element such that, during installation of the secondary module, the second guiding element is configured to interface with the first guiding element to align the secondary module for purposes of automatically electrically or fluidically coupling the primary module to the secondary module upon assembling the primary frame and the secondary frame.
id-WO2021080549A1    abstract-The diesel-steam power plant is equipped with a heat exchanger of the water-water type, and the oil cooling system is equipped with a heat exchanger of the oil-water type, added to the design of the proposed invention of the water supply system, the diesel-steam power plant is additionally equipped with a steam generator with a steam turbine and a steam condenser and cooling fluid circulation systems.
id-US20210122232A1    abstract-A heating channel for a front wall of a dump body comprises an exhaust inlet provided on the front wall; an exhaust outlet provided on the front wall; and a channel body running continuously from the exhaust inlet to the exhaust outlet. The channel body can have at least one horizontally extending portion and at least one vertically extending portion in a front view of the front wall. The exhaust inlet can be configured to receive exhaust gas output from an internal combustion engine, and the exhaust outlet can be configured to output the received exhaust gas to outside the heating channel.
id-US10914225B1    abstract-A vehicle thermal management system (VTMS) includes: an Integrated Thermal Management Valve (ITM) for receiving coolant through a coolant inlet connected to an engine coolant outlet of an engine, and for distributing the coolant flowing out toward a radiator through a coolant outlet flow path connected to a heat exchange system. The heat exchanger system includes at least one among a heater core, an oil warmer, and an Auto Transmission Fluid (ATF) warmer and the radiator. The VTMS also includes: a water pump positioned at the front end of an engine coolant inlet of the engine; a coolant branch flow path branched from the front end of the engine coolant inlet to be connected to an Exhaust Gas Recirculation (EGR) cooler together with the coolant outlet flow path; and a Smart Single Valve (SSV) for adjusting a coolant flow in a coolant outlet flow path direction and an EGR cooler flow path direction on the coolant branch flow path.
id-WO2021078333A1    abstract-He invented a way to deliver oxygen to a hydrogen combustion engine, while also using carbon monoxide as a carrier. The basis of this invention is to achieve a cheap, affordable supply of pure oxygen by separating the ethane cycle hydrogen motor (1) from the ambient air, without the need to continue its development volume. This technology can be called high efficiency ceramic, heat discharge and low oxygen reactor. It uses at least two reactors (4,5) equipped with OSS cooling ceramics, which are washed by exhaust gas and regenerated by air. When low-pressure steam is used for intermittent filtration, loss of suction gas and inlet nitrogen are avoided. The latter is produced by the heat emitted from exhaust gases. A reactor under pressure (4,5) produces a mixture of water gas, inhaled gas, and oxygen. Then, steam from the water flows through condensation, and carbon dioxide levels rise significantly.
id-WO2021069244A1    abstract-A cooling system comprising three closed thermal fluid circulation circuits and a heat exchanger (2) common to the first circuit (c1), operating at high temperature and the second circuit (c2), operating at low temperature and a third circuit (c3), operating according to the Rankine cycle (ORC), connecting an evaporator (E) of the first circuit (c1) and a condenser (C) of the second circuit (c2).
id-WO2021088863A1    abstract-The utility model relates to an efficient recovery and utilization system for the exhaust energy of an internal combustion engine. The high-temperature waste heat energy in the exhaust gas of an internal combustion engine is recovered and utilized by a temperature difference power generation device, and the high-temperature heat originally radiated from the surface of a volute (24) to the surrounding atmosphere is recovered and utilized. Secondly, the pressure in the exhaust gas of the internal combustion engine can be efficiently recovered by the turbocharging device, and the efficiency of the turbocharging device is improved by the graphite sealing device. Finally, the organic Rankine cycle device is used to efficiently recover and utilize the low-temperature waste heat energy in the exhaust gas of the internal combustion engine. Because the temperature of the low-temperature waste heat energy is low, the risk of decomposition of the working medium used in the organic Rankine cycle is avoided under high temperature environment, and the cycle efficiency and working reliability of the organic Rankine cycle are ensured. Through the optimal combination of temperature difference power generation unit, high efficiency turbocharging unit and organic Rankine cycle unit, the comprehensive and efficient step recovery of energy is realized.
id-US20210131342A1    abstract-A method for operating a heat recovery system for the utilization of waste heat of a heat engine of the heat recovery system may include discharging a carrier fluid via the heat engine, feeding the carrier fluid to an evaporator of a cyclic process of the heat recovery system, vaporizing a working fluid of the cyclic process via the evaporator and the waste heat, feeding the working fluid to an expansion engine of the cyclic process after vaporizing the working fluid, determining at least one carrier state variable of the carrier fluid at the evaporator, and setting at least one operating parameter of the heat recovery system based on the at least one determined carrier state variable.
