id-US20120180451A1    abstract-An internal combustion engine wherein a thermo potential heat flow in combustion is maximised by providing a feedback of an optimised amount of thermo potential heat flow that is modulated in the exhaust media, into the air intake, and a method of providing feedback comprises producing a shock wave of pulse of exhaust media and pulse of intake air on the opposite side of a high temperature sustainable wire screen modem thereby transferring the thermo potential heat energy flow from the exhaust media to the air intake.
id-US8808529B2    abstract-In one embodiment of the present invention, a system for providing a renewable source of material resources is provided comprising: a first source of renewable energy; first stream of materials from a first materials source; an electrolyzer coupled to the first source of renewable energy and the first stream of materials, wherein the electrolyzer is configured to produce a first material resource by electrolysis; a processor for further processing or use or the material resource to produce a second material resource, wherein the processor comprises a solar collector and where the solar collector is configured to provide heat to the first materials resource for disassociation; and a material resource storage coupled to the electrolyzer for receiving the material resource from the electrolyzer or providing the material resource to the processor for further processing or use.
id-US9097152B2    abstract-The present disclosure is directed to a system and method of providing energy to a dwelling. An engine is housed within an inner tank, which is in turn housed within an outer tank. The engine provides electricity which is used for a dwelling. Exhaust fumes from the engine are piped through a series of heat-exchanging tubes within the outer tank to heat potable water within the outer tank. Water enters the potable tank at a bottom of the tank, and warms as it rises through the outer tank toward an outlet near a top of the outer tank. Hot, potable water is provided from the top of the outer tank to the dwelling. Condensate from the exhaust is captured and used as potable water. Heat, vibration, and acoustic energy from the engine is captured by the fluid in the inner tank and transferred to the outer tank.
id-WO2010114416A1    abstract-The invention related to stationary and transport engines of internal combustion. The base piston engine is equipped with a converted steam cylinder that transmits power to the combined engine. Combustion products are cooled in cylinders by spraying water in the intake air and evaporating it when the fuel is burned. Steam cylinder steam steam is produced from the steam generator when the supply water is heated by the heat of the lubricant system oil and combustion products. The exhaust vapour in the cylinder is condensed in the condenser together with water and hydrocarbon vapour from combustion products when cooled with cold water. The invention ensures the reduction of harmful emissions by reducing dissociation of combustion products, condensation of hydrocarbons vapour from combustion products, as well as by ammonia content in drops of water and fuel combustion at excess air ratio greater than 1.
id-US8402757B2    abstract-The waste heat control apparatus is used in a heat recovery system for recovering and reusing waste heat of an engine. The waste heat control apparatus includes a plurality of waste heat amount adjusting sections activated to increase an amount of the waste heat of the engine, and a control section which performs waste heat control in accordance with a heat utilization demand to increase the amount of the waste heat of the engine by activating at least one of the plurality of waste heat amount adjusting sections.
id-US20120096857A1    abstract-In a method for operating a waste heat utilization device comprising a working fluid which is liquefied after expansion in an expander by a condenser of the heat utilization device, by controlling an inflow cross-section to an expander of the waste heat utilization device a low pressure of the working fluid in the region of the condenser for adjusting the condensation temperature of the working fluid in the condenser, to provide for a heat transfer flow from the working fluid to the condenser environment sufficient to ensure the complete liquefication of the working fluid in the condenser.
id-US10458285B2    abstract-According to the invention, the device comprises means (54) of managing the mass of fluid contained in circuit (10).
id-US20120079820A1    abstract-An exhaust gas routing device for an internal-combustion engine having a thermoelectric generator is fluidically connected with an exhaust gas line and a pipe guiding a coolant. The generator has a plurality of thermoelectric yoke pairs which are arranged between a first surface heated by the exhaust gas and a second surface cooled by the coolant. The exhaust gas routing device has a device guiding the exhaust gas along the first surface at a flow velocity that increases in the flow direction of the exhaust gas.
id-EP2381073A1    abstract-It is shown that this is a device that enhances the engine (1) engine (2) electricity and thermal power generation (0), and the electricity is the heat generated by the exhaust pipe (3) waste heat power generation. Gas turbines (2), gas turbines (2) or heaters (2) may also be used to generate electricity (0) by stationary sealing heat engines simultaneously bolted on the engine exhaust pipe (3) and engine exhaust pipe (3). The exhibit (4) is combined with a condenser (9) in a wave (10), and the exhibit (4) is separated by a hot exhaust pipe (5) in a pressure conveying pipe (3), a water heater (6) or a radiator (6), and a condenser (9).
id-US20100283262A1    abstract-An apparatus for a hybrid machine is disclosed. The apparatus includes a fluid pump operably connected to a condenser and a fluid path operably connected to the fluid pump. The fluid receives thermal energy from a first machine component and a second machine component. The first machine component has a static operating temperature equal to or lower than the second machine component.
id-US20100319346A1    abstract-A waste heat recovery system includes at least two integrated rankine cycle systems coupled to at least two separate heat sources having different temperatures. The first rankine cycle system is coupled to a first heat source and configured to circulate a first working fluid. The second rankine cycle system is coupled to at least one second heat source and configured to circulate a second working fluid. The first and second working fluid are circulatable in heat exchange relationship through a cascading heat exchange unit for condensation of the first working fluid in the first rankine cycle system and evaporation of the second working fluid in the second rankine cycle system. At least one recuperator having a hot side and a cold side is disposed in the first rankine cycle system, second rankine cycle system, or combinations thereof. The at least one recuperator is configured to desuperheat and preheat the first working fluid, second working fluid, or combinations thereof.
id-US8205443B2    abstract-A heat exchanging system suitable for use in an exhaust gas recirculation (EGR) circuit comprises a split EGR heat exchanger arrangement. Exhaust gas is used to warm engine oil via a first heat exchanger during initial stages of an engine operating cycle. In the later stages of the operating cycle, recirculated exhaust gases are diverted to flow through the second heat exchanger where they are cooled by the engine coolant.
id-US8739521B2    abstract-In a cogeneration apparatus, a heat exchanger includes an exhaust gas passageway for passage therethrough of exhaust gas, a heat medium passageway for passage therethrough of a heat medium that gives heat energy to a water heater etc., and a water passageway for taking heat from the exhaust gas and giving the heat to the heat medium. Cooling water for a water-cooled engine is given to the water passageway. The cogeneration apparatus requires reduced numbers of the heat exchanger and pipes, and hence a reduced number of necessary component parts, so that the cogeneration apparatus can be reduced in cost.
id-WO2011006904A3    abstract-The invention relates to the use of a rankine cycle apparatus, which transfers heat of the (relatively) hot waste streams (like off-gas or hot cooling water) into mechanical energy in a turbine to exert its mechanical forces for powering of the propellers or other propulsion means. Preferably, the mechanical energy is directly transferred to the shaft of a propeller, optionally with aid of gear-box. Alternatively, the energy from the turbine is used to power a generator, which transfers the mechanical energy into electricity, which electricity is used to generate mechanical energy for propulsion of the vessel, or to power apparatus on a vessel, which vessel is a high energy consumer, like cruise ship or cooling vessel.
id-US20110018267A1    abstract-An exhaust gas turbine generator system for a vehicle that has an internal combustion engine with an exhaust system is provided. The exhaust system comprises a turbine, an electrical generator, a waste gate, and an electronic control module. The turbine is disposed in fluid communication with an exhaust gas system of an internal combustion engine to allow fluid flow between the turbine and the exhaust gas system. The electrical generator connects to the turbine. The waste gate is disposed in fluid communication with the exhaust gas system of the internal combustion engine. The waste gate is positionable between an open position and a closed position in response to an output signal from the electronic control module. The fluid flow in the exhaust gas system to the turbine is reduced when the waste gate is positioned to the open position.
id-US8950184B2    abstract-A device for utilizing waste heat of an internal combustion engine. A heat exchanger of a circuit of a working medium is provided in its exhaust system. A pump is connected upstream from the heat exchanger, the circuit containing an expansion machine. A coupling heat exchanger is located in the circuit of the working medium, the working medium of the circuit and the cooling medium of the internal combustion engine flowing through the coupling heat exchanger.
id-US8789370B2    abstract-A device for utilizing the waste heat of an internal combustion includes a single-stage or multi-stage supercharging device, which is designed as an exhaust-gas turbocharger in particular. The single-stage or multi-stage supercharging device is assigned an additional supercharging device including an expansion machine acted upon by an auxiliary circuit, in particular a steam circuit.
id-WO2011019891A1    abstract-A system for use in a motor vehicle having an internal combustion engine may include a generator configured to provide electric power to the motor vehicle and a pump configured to inject air into an exhaust stream of the internal combustion engine during an engine cold start and warm-up period and provide cooling air to the generator following the engine warm-up. The system may include a means for preventing the generator from overheating during the engine cold start and warm-up period. A method for providing cooling air to a generator on a motor vehicle having an internal combustion engine may include configuring a generator to provide electric power to the motor vehicle, and providing a pump configured to inject air into an exhaust stream of the internal combustion engine during an engine cold start and warm-up period and provide cooling air to the generator following the engine warm- up.
id-US8820060B2    abstract-According to the present disclosure, a train comprising one or more locomotives coupled to one or more tenders, which contain at least one of an exhaust after-treatment or a waste heat recovery system and optionally one or more other locomotive subsystems, such as dynamic braking, energy storage, driven wheels, and fuel storage, is provided. Accordingly, the present disclosure may have one or more of the following advantages: a tender to house an exhaust after-treatment system thereby easing space constraints on the locomotive power traction car. Additionally, said tender may include a large fuel tank, waste heat recovery system, and energy storage, thereby providing the means to substantially decrease fuel consumption or increase power, both with the option of switching to a different fuel source.
id-WO2011037527A1    abstract-The invention relates to a thermal electric generator system (TEG system) (1) for extracting electricity from a waste heat medium (2) in a waste heat line (3) in a vehicle, which system (1) comprises a TEG unit (4) comprising: one or more thermal electric generator layers (TEG layers) (6) adapted to converting thermal energy to electricity and situated directly against the waste heat line (3), and an energy storage module (5) adapted to storing thermal energy and situated upstream of the TEG layer directly against the waste heat line (3), whereby thermal energy from the waste heat medium (2) is stored in the energy storage module (5). The TEG system (1) further comprises a bypass unit (8) comprising a bypass line (9) connected to the waste heat line (3) via an adjustable valve device (10) so that all or parts of the waste heat medium (2) can be led past the TEG unit (4) in the bypass line (9); and a valve control unit adapted to adjusting the valve device (10) when predetermined conditions are fulfilled, which valve control unit is adapted to adjusting the valve device (10) when vehicle signals such as, for example, brake signals or acceleration control signals indicate that the vehicle is being braked or accelerated.
id-US20110094216A1    abstract-A vehicle includes an energy harvesting system. The energy harvesting system includes a fluid, a heat engine, and a component. The fluid has a first fluid region at a first temperature and a second fluid region at a second temperature that is different from the first temperature. The heat engine is configured for converting thermal energy to mechanical energy and includes a shape-memory alloy disposed in contact with each of the first fluid region and the second fluid region. The component is driven by the heat engine in response to the temperature difference.
id-WO2011041822A8    abstract-An internal combustion engine wherein a thermo potential heat flow in combustion is maximised by providing a feedback of an optimised amount of thermo potential heat flow that is modulated in the exhaust media, into the air intake, and a method of providing feedback comprises producing a shock wave of pulse of exhaust media and pulse of intake air on the opposite side of a high temperature sustainable wire screen modem thereby transferring the thermo potential heat energy flow from the exhaust media to the air intake.
id-WO2011059465A1    abstract-This device is an improvement on an internal combustion engine (ICE) in that the device is a hybrid of an ICE directly linked to a heat engine (HE) via an adjustable transmission to drive the power shaft for the transmission for the car, boat, generator or other equipment. The improvement provides a means of directly receiving the heat from the exhaust of the ICE and using it to power the HE which is linked via an adjustable transmission, such as a continuous variable transmission (CVT). This linkage allows the HE to use the power of the ICE to start turning until the HE has warmed up enough that it can contribute power to the ICE crank shaft, and subsequent final common power shaft for the two engines, such that it acts as a unified, hybrid motor that powers the transmission of a truck, generator or other equipment.
id-US8823203B2    abstract-A waste heat controller controls waste heat quantity of an engine according to a required heat quantity along with a heat-utilize requirement. When the heat-utilize requirement is generated, a fuel-increase-rate indicating a fuel increase quantity is computed. A reference fuel-increase-rate is established to be compared with the fuel-increase-rate. Based on this comparison result, it is determined whether the waste heat increase control will be executed.
id-US8857174B2    abstract-An energy harvesting system comprises a first region having a first temperature and a second region having a second temperature. A heat engine is configured for converting thermal energy to mechanical energy. The heat engine includes a plurality of discrete elements of a shape memory alloy each having a crystallographic phase changeable between austenite and martensite in response to a temperature difference between the first region and the second region. At least one member of the heat engine is driven to rotate about a first axis by the phase change of the plurality of discrete elements.
id-US20110120112A1    abstract-An energy harvesting system includes a heat engine and a component. The heat engine includes first and second regions, a conduit, and a shape memory alloy (SMA) material. The conduit extends along a central axis. The SMA material surrounds the conduit and is disposed in one of the regions. The SMA material is radially spaced from a secondary axis that surrounds the central axis. A localized region of the SMA material changes crystallographic phase from martensite to austenite and contract in response to exposure to the first temperature. The localized region of the SMA material also changes crystallographic phase from austenite to martensite and expands in response to exposure to the second temperature. The SMA material rotates about the secondary axis in response to the contraction and expansion of the localized region of the SMA material. Rotation of the SMA material about the secondary axis drives the component.
id-WO2011052769A1    abstract-In the waste heat utilization system for automobiles, the refrigeration cycle (20) compressor (24), Rankine cycle (40) pump (46), and expander (48) have a coaxial rotation axis (25), and the fluid machinery is one in the order of compressor, pump, and expander. A transmission mechanism (26) linked to the rotation shaft (7) of the internal combustion engine (2) was installed at the end of the compressor side of the rotation shaft.
id-US20110108011A1    abstract-A fuel pretreater apparatus for pretreating fuel for combustion is provided. A conversion tube is provided for vaporized fuel to flow therethrough. The conversion tube includes an intake end for receiving the vaporized fuel and an outlet end for dispersing the vaporized fuel. The conversion tube includes a hollow tapered interior wall having a narrower diameter near the intake end and a wider diameter near the outlet end. A tapered conversion rod is removably placed inside the conversion tube. The tapered conversion rod is conically tapered along at least one half of a length of the tapered conversion rod. The tapered conversion rod includes a narrow end corresponding to the narrower diameter of the conversion tube near the intake end and a wide end corresponding to the wider diameter of the conversion tube near the outlet end.
