id-WO2015111643A1    abstract-The exhaust heat exchanger (62) USES the waste heat as the heat source to heat the working fluid, the expander (63) recovers mechanical energy by expanding the working fluid heated by the exhaust heat exchanger (62), and the expander (63) expands the working fluid. A condenser (64) condenses and liquefies the resulting working fluid, a pump (65) transmits the liquefied working fluid to the exhaust heat exchanger (62), and a degree of dryness acquisition to obtain the dryness of the working fluid flowing into the expander (63). A part (67) and a flow control part (66) include: a part (67) controls the flow of working fluid through the exhaust heat exchanger (62) based on the output of the dryness acquisition part (67) so that the dryness is less than 1. In the waste heat recovery device (6), the recovery efficiency of waste heat can be improved by passing the working fluid through the exhaust heat exchanger (62) with an appropriate flow rate in the range where the working fluid flowing into the expander (63) becomes wet and vapor state.
id-WO2015102450A1    abstract-A ship ballast system that can handle ballast water at a low cost will be unveiled. The SHIP BALLAST SYSTEM ACCORDING TO ASPECTS OF THE PRESENT INVENTION INCLUDES A BALLAST TANK, A SEAWATER INLET, A SEAWATER OUTLET, A SEAWATER PUMP, A SEAWATER DISCHARGE PUMP AND A POWER GENERATION MODULE, WHEREIN THE SEAWATER PUMP AND THE POWER GENERATION PUMP ARE POWERED BY ELECTRICITY GENERATED BY THE POWER GENERATION MODULE. Ballast tanks are located in the lower part of the ship. A water inlet is provided at the front of the ship and is connected to the ballast tank. A seawater drain is provided at the rear of the vessel, and is connected with the ballast tanks. A seawater pump is installed between the seawater inlet and the ballast tank to allow seawater to flow into the seawater inlet. The discharge pump is installed between the seawater outlet and the ballast tank to ensure that the seawater in the ballast tank is discharged to the outside. The power generation module generates power by absorbing heat from the sea water that has flowed into the seawater inlet.
id-US9458751B2    abstract-An exhaust heat recovery control device includes a recovered heat adjusting unit configured to adjust an amount of heat recovered of exhaust gas by an exhaust heat recoverer recovering heat of exhaust gas and a control unit configured to control the recovered heat adjusting unit so as to prevent or suppress freezing in an exhaust pipe based on a traveling history of a vehicle on which the exhaust heat recovery control device is mounted when the freezing in the exhaust pipe is predicted.
id-US20150219236A1    abstract-An operating structure of an exhaust heat recovery device may include a bypass valve rotatable about a rotation shaft to open and close a bypass passage; a heat exchanger communicating with the bypass passage, a valve actuator inserted into the heat exchanger, and having a piston moved upward and downward depending on a temperature of coolant; a guide unit in which an end of the piston is slidably inserted, and at which an end of a rod is slidably inserted; a displacement transmission medium accommodated in the guide unit, and moved along with the piston; a link unit rotatably connected to the bypass valve and the rod, and converting sliding motion of the rod into rotation of the bypass valve; and an elastic restoring unit operating the rod so that the rod is inserted into the guide unit, or operating the bypass valve so that the bypass valve is closed.
id-US20160245556A1    abstract-A thermoelectric device may include a housing that may have a first housing element and a second housing element. The first housing element and the second housing element may each be composed of an electrically conductive material. At least two thermoelectric elements may be arranged between the first housing element and the second housing element. The at least two thermoelectric elements may be arranged at a distance from each other and may be electrically connected via at least one conductor bridge. A first electrical insulator may be arranged between the at least two thermoelectric elements and the first housing element. A second electrical insulator may be arranged between the at least two thermoelectric elements and the second housing element.
id-US20170241375A1    abstract-A system for extracting work from the expansion of a working fluid includes a vessel having at least a portion of the working fluid, a heating device in thermal communication with the portion of the working fluid in the vessel for heating the portion of the working fluid in the vessel and expanding the working fluid, and a conversion tool. The conversion tool is in fluid communication with the vessel and is configured to receive working fluid from the vessel when the working fluid expands. The conversion tool is further configured to extract work from the expanded working fluid.
id-US20150218973A1    abstract-The invention is a Two Cycle Internal Combustion Engine that is supercharged in the opposed twin design where the second engine housing functions as a supercharged steam engine to improve engine output and efficiency by using engine exhaust gas heat to make heat water into steam and to also drive a turbocharger that functions in unison with a positive displacement gear type compressor to make a compound supercharger to increase engine output.
id-US10480411B2    abstract-A waste heat recovery device includes: a low-boiling-point medium Rankine cycle in which a low-boiling-point medium circulates while the low-boiling-point medium is repeatedly condensed and evaporated; a heated water line that guides liquid water, which is heated here, to the low-boiling-point medium Rankine cycle from a waste heat recovery boiler; and a water recovery line that returns the water, which has passed through the low-boiling-point medium Rankine cycle, to the waste heat recovery boiler. The low-boiling-point medium Rankine cycle includes a heater that heats the low-boiling-point medium by exchanging heat between the low-boiling-point medium, which is a liquid, and liquid water, which has passed through the heated water line.
id-US9823025B2    abstract-A heat recovery system has an evaporator in which a working medium is evaporated, an expander by means of which energy from the working medium in vapor form is made usable, a recuperator operating as an internal heat exchanger, a condenser that condenses the working medium in vapor form, and a pump to move the working medium through a circuit. At least one plate heat exchanger with flow channels formed in interspaces between the heat exchanger plates is provided as a component of the system and includes at least the recuperator and the condenser.
id-EP2916092A1    abstract-A thermal energy recovery apparatus (1, 22, 31) comprises a thermal store (9, 29) containing phase change material (PCM). When the thermal energy recovery apparatus (1, 22, 31) is mounted to a motor vehicle, exhaust gases from its engine (2) are passed through channels (10, 30) in the thermal store (9, 29) and the PCM absorbs heat from the gases. Heat from the thermal store (9, 29) is subsequently recovered by passing a heat transfer fluid such as water through a jacket (13), enclosing the thermal store (9), and through ducts (16, 30) extending through the thermal store (9, 29). The heat transfer fluid may for example be used to provide heat for a domestic central heating or hot water system.
id-US20170058790A1    abstract-A Volatile Organic Compound (VOC) mitigation system employs a combination of technologies coupling VOC laden exhaust with a reciprocating engine and generator system (Combined Heat & Power (CHP) System) with heat recovery to destroy the VOC emissions and generate electric power and useful thermal energy.
id-WO2015132383A1    abstract-Invention involves Kuhlvorrichtung is the first and second » with cold and at least one of the first Kuhlmittelpumpe, including a first, second, hot and cold Kuhlmittelleitungsverschaltung), at the same time is Thermostatanordnu Ng with at least two Thermostatventilen Kuhlmittelleitungsverschaltung thought is provided in order to achieve the Temperaturverteilung Kuhlmittels at all levels.
id-JP2015183639A    abstract-[challenges] reduce the heat effect of the heat medium, so that it is possible to switch whether waste heat is recovered or not. Solution: heat recovery device 26 is set in line 18, which diverges from line 1 16, where the exhaust from engine 14 flows. The actuator 36 that drives the valve part 34 of the first line 16 is configured in a non-contact way with the recovery line 32 that flows the engine cooling water as the heat medium and the heat recovery unit, so that the volume change of wax in the actuator caused by energizing heating can be corrected. The effect of heat from the gin cooling water can be reduced. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20170074123A1    abstract-A waste heat recovery system for use with a cooling system of an internal combustion engine is provided. The waste heat recovery system comprises a condenser, a pump, a fluid reservoir, a heat exchanger, an expansion device, and an auxiliary cooling device. The condenser is in thermal communication with the cooling system of the internal combustion engine. The heat exchanger is in fluid communication with the pump and thermal communication with an exhaust of the internal combustion engine. The expansion device is in fluid communication with the heat exchanger and the condenser. The auxiliary cooling device is in fluid communication with at least one of the condenser, the expansion device, and the fluid reservoir. In response to an effectiveness of the condenser in dissipating heat from the waste heat recovery system to the cooling system of the internal combustion engine, the auxiliary cooling device is selectively actuated.
id-US20170093253A1    abstract-In one embodiment, a power generation system includes a pulse detonation engine including a combustion chamber, a linear power generator including a working chamber, and a nozzle positioned between the combustion chamber and the working chamber that expands exhaust gas expelled from the combustion chamber, wherein the nozzle increases thermodynamic efficiency of the system.
id-US20190003341A1    abstract-Implementations described and claimed herein provide systems and methods for providing energy to a defined space, such as a house or other building. In one implementation, thermal energy is received from a solar power source at a solar boiler, and steam is generated from the thermal energy using the solar boiler. One or pistons of a steam engine is driven with a pressure from the steam. The steam engine outputs a first waste heat. The first waste heat is received from the steam engine at a chiller. The chiller generates conditioned air from the first waste heat.
id-WO2015143272A1    abstract-A combined internal combustion engine and waste heat recovery system and method for facilitating driving engagement between the internal combustion engine and the waste heat recovery system is provided. The waste heat recovery system comprises a condenser, a pump, a heat exchanger, an expansion device, a generator, and an electrical load. The heat exchanger is in fluid communication with the pump and thermal communication with an exhaust of the internal combustion engine. The expansion device is in fluid communication with the heat exchanger and the condenser. The generator is in driving engagement with the expansion device. The electrical load is in electrical communication with the generator. In response to rotation of the expansion device, an electrical current generated by the generator is applied to the electrical load to increase an efficiency of the combined internal combustion engine and waste heat recovery system.
id-JP2017515037A    abstract-The invention relates to an exhaust system (1) for automobiles, in particular for utility vehicles. The exhaust gas exhaust system (1) includes the exhaust gas aftertreatment device (2) installed in the first housing (4) that can be installed on the automobile and the exhaust gas evaporator installed in the second housing (5) that is connected to the exhaust gas aftertreatment device (2) in a fluid manner. 3), a fluid inlet (7), and a fluid outlet (8), which are coupled fluidically with an exhaust gas post-treatment device (2), and a connection between an exhaust gas post-treatment device (2) and an exhaust gas evaporator (3), and a connection between an exhaust gas post-treatment device (2) and an exhaust gas evaporator (3). It is equipped with the follow-up line (6). Evaporator bypass line (10) branches from connection line (6) at branch point (9). Connection line (6) has a moving valve device (11) in the first position, in which the fluid inlet (7) is fluidically coupled to the fluid outlet (8), and in the second position, in which the fluid inlet (7) is fluidically coupled to the evaporator bypass line (10). . The exhaust gas evaporator (3) is installed in the second housing (5). Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2015156721A1    abstract-The present invention relates to an arrangement in a vehicle. The arrangement comprises a hydrodynamic retarder system comprising a retarder (21) in the form of a rotor unit (21a) and a stator unit (21b), a line circuit adapted to leading a medium to and from the retarder (21) when the latter is activated, and a WHR system which comprises a line circuit, a pump (30) which pressurises and circulates a medium in the line circuit, at least one evaporator (32) in which the medium is warmed so that it becomes vaporised, a turbine (21, 36) in which the vaporised medium expands, and a condenser (34) in which the medium is cooled so that it condenses. The retarder (21) of the retarder system and the turbine (21, 36) of the WHR system are connected rotatably to a powertrain (4) of the vehicle (2) via a common motion-transmitting mechanism (22).
id-JP2015204423A    abstract-[issue] we provide a thermoelectric power generation device that eliminates heat conduction between the heat-dissipating surface and the heat-absorbing surface by the holding part of the thermoelectric conversion element, and improves the thermal insulation between the heat-dissipating surface and the heat-absorbing surface without being limited by the distance between the heat-dissipating surface and the heat-absorbing surface. Solution: only the junction 420 separated from the thermoelectric conversion element 202 is connected to the heat absorbing side shell 200 and the heat releasing side shell 204. The thermoelectric conversion element 202 is sandwiched between the heat-absorbing surface 210 of the heat-absorbing side shell 200 and the heat releasing side shell 204 through the connection between the heat-absorbing side shell 200 of the connection part 420 and the heat releasing side shell 204. The connection part 420 is located above the heat release surface 410 of the heat release side shell 204, and the connection part 420 is formed by the heat release side shell 204 as the extension of the heat release surface 410, the heat absorption side shell 200 as the extension of the heat absorption surface 210, and the closed space and cavity. Select diagram: figure 4
id-JP2020139506A    abstract-The point of view of the present invention is the process of generating work through the combustion cycle in particular. In this process, an oxidizer such as air is compressed. In this process, the oxidizer is further mixed with reductant such as fuel, such as petroleum, kerosene, or hydrocarbons such as diesel to form a mixture, such as spark or (compression) heat. For and ignite the mixture. In this process, the ignited mixture is further inflated to generate work, there is a heat exchange between the combustion-inflated mixture and the compressed oxidizer, and the combustion-inflated mixture is exhaust. Selection diagram: figure 5
id-US10323546B2    abstract-A method and a device for recovering heat from an engine and for converting the heat into mechanical energy using an expansion machine. A heat accumulator fluid is guided in a primary circuit by means of a primary pump and is firstly heated by the waste heat of the combustion engine by means of a heat exchanger, is transferred into a heat accumulator and recirculated to the first heat exchanger, and, secondly, the heat accumulator fluid is guided in a secondary circuit by said heat accumulator fluid being extracted in the vapor state from the heat accumulator and being supplied to the expansion machine, and being condensed by means of a condenser downstream thereof and being recirculated into the heat accumulator by means of a secondary pump. The primary circuit of the heat accumulator fluid is connected to the secondary circuit exclusively via the heat accumulator.
id-US20150330261A1    abstract-A system including a seal cartridge is provided. The seal cartridge includes a housing defining a passageway that receives a driveshaft. A dry gas seal is circumferentially disposed about the passageway within the housing at a first axial location along the housing. A magnetic liquid seal is circumferentially disposed about the passageway within the housing at a second axial location along the housing. A fluid leakage cavity is formed between the dry gas seal at the first axial location and the magnetic liquid seal at the second axial location. An extraction port is disposed in the housing and enables recovery of a leaked fluid from the fluid leakage cavity.
id-US20150322841A1    abstract-An exhaust line includes a spiral heat exchanger having a first passage for a first fluid and a second passage for a second fluid. The second passage is arranged in a manner such that the second fluid circulates from an inlet firstly in at least one first circumferential segment disposed in a proximity of a first axial end and then into a plurality of second circumferential segments shifted towards a second axial end relative to the first circumferential segment. The second fluid advances axially in a counter current flow against the first fluid towards the first axial end while passing from one second circumferential segment to the next.
id-EP3150949A1    abstract-An exhaust gas heat recovery device includes an inner cylinder, a first fluid passage that is formed in the inner cylinder and in which first fluid flows, an outer cylinder that is formed by at least two divided bodies to surround the inner cylinder, and a second fluid passage that is formed between the inner cylinder and the outer cylinder and in which second fluid flows.
id-US20170107861A1    abstract-Apparatus for utilizing heat wasted from an engine includes first pressure detecting means ( 73 ) and first temperature detecting means ( 81 ) for detecting a pressure and a temperature in a refrigerant passage extending from a condenser ( 38 ) to a refrigerant pump ( 32 ), second pressure detecting means ( 72 ) and second temperature detecting means ( 82 ) for detecting a pressure and a temperature in a refrigerant passage extending from a heat exchanger ( 36 ) to an expansion device ( 37 ), and control means ( 71 ) responsive to these four detecting means when operating a Rankine cycle ( 31 ). Means ( 71 ) is for diagnosing whether or not an electromagnetic clutch ( 35 ) is stuck responsive to either the first pressure detecting means ( 73 ) and the first temperature detecting means ( 81 ), or the second pressure detecting means ( 72 ) and the second temperature detecting means ( 82 ).
id-WO2015176852A1    abstract-Turbomaschinen-Elektromaschinen-Einheit:(1) A Turbomaschine(2) gearbox, consisting of an Elektromaschine(3)(4), and a gearbox (4)Elektromaschine Turbomaschine(2) and (3) in a fixed ubersetzungsverhaltnis connection and Turbomaschine one of the words (21)(2) on Getriebewelle The Getriebes (41 years old)(4) and the gearbox (4) are Standplanetengetriebe and at the same time Standplanetengetriebe is Reibradgetriebe. Change the step unit (4) from the turbine unit (2) to the electric engine (3) between 2 to 1 and 7.
id-EP2947291A1    abstract-Fierce program is in a Abgasstrom Verbrennungskraftmaschine Thermoreaktors: (1) control (3) at least one hat, including Brenngas Verbrennungskraftmaschine (1) with Fremdzundung single-mindedly to detonate the entire it burning Brenngases Abgas as a Abgasstrom at least partially to Thermoreaktor (3) reported temperature will Brenn and cause of combustion gases Abgases This will increase, which is a choice relative to the point at that time.
id-US20150345422A1    abstract-A high efficiency, thermodynamically interactive power system incorporating a “thermodynamic battery” operating in the cryogenic range. The “thermodynamic battery” is drawn upon to optimize the efficiency of power generation during times of peak demand and is “recharged” during periods of low demand. The system is ideally suited for (although not limited to) micropowerplants suitable for widely distributed generation of power in or associated with homes and small businesses, reducing transmission loading on the grid and capable of supplying power into the grid during peak load periods. The widely distributed power generation made practical by present inventions also enables distribution of heating and chill service locally on a much larger scale than is possible with large, centralized generation plants. A novel form of gear pump mechanism makes possible inexpensive and effective multi-stage compression and expansion of gaseous working fluid particularly suitable for incorporation into micropowerplants for distributed and localized power generation.
id-WO2015180905A1    abstract-The ship power system and the ship operating system separation engine system consist of at least one drive engine (3) that drives the ship, and at least one separation device (9) that uses the cooling engine to separate the energy (9) and the resulting carbon dioxide to generate electrical energy, which may be used optionally or proportionally for the ship's power, or for the ship's electronic network (5). And electronic networks used as boat lanes (5).
id-US20170122254A1    abstract-An internal combustion engine heat energy recovery system ( 1 ) comprises a first heat exchanger ( 20 ) arranged in heat communication with at least one heat energy source of an internal combustion engine ( 10 ) and with a working fluid of the system ( 1 ) for the transfer of heat energy from the heat energy source to the working fluid of the system ( 1 ). A turbine ( 30 ) is arranged in fluid communication with the working fluid heated in the first heat exchanger ( 20 ) for the expansion of the working fluid to produce shaft power. A second heat exchanger ( 40 ) is arranged in heat communication with the expanded working fluid to remove waste heat therefrom and transfer it to an external source such as the atmosphere. A first compressor ( 50 ) is arranged in fluid communication with the working fluid exiting the heat exchanger for increasing the pressure of the cooled working fluid prior to its entry into the first heat exchanger ( 20 ). The working fluid of the system is a substantially supercritical fluid.
id-US9249723B2    abstract-A power generation plant has two internal combustion engines (ICE) coupled in a compound configuration to operate electrical generators. A first ICE is a piston/cylinder engine producing high temperature and high pressure exhaust. The exhaust is coupled to the combustion air inlet of the second ICE, which is a gas turbine engine. A heat exchanger transfers heat from the exhaust of the first ICE to a bottoming cycle for additional power generation, also reducing the temperature at the turbine engine combustor. The second ICE (the gas turbine) is operated without an intake compressor, relying instead on the high pressure of the first ICE exhaust. The drive shaft of the gas turbine (or an associated generator/motor or a common shaft) operates a multi-stage turbo-compressor at the combustion air intake of the first ICE for improving engine power output without sapping exhaust energy as with a turbocharger.
id-EP2952723A1    abstract-A waste heat recovery device for a marine vessel includes a heat exchanger recovering heat from an exhaust fume that is discharged from an engine and heating a first refrigerant under uniform pressure, a turbine driven by adiabatically expanding the first refrigerant that is heated under uniform pressure, a condenser condensing the first refrigerant that is adiabatically expanded, and a heat exchanging pump compressing the first refrigerant that is condensed, to be re-circulated in the heat exchanger.
id-WO2016002711A1    abstract-In the Rankine cycle (2), A high temperature heat exchanger (7a) and A low temperature heat exchanger (7b) of A diesel engine (1) are used as the heating sources of working fluid (5), respectively. Connecting the inlet of the cooler (7a) and the inlet of the cooler (7b), the outlet of the cooler (7b) is in the middle of the channel (13) of the working fluid (5) in the cooler (7a) and the working flow in the channel (13). The temperature of the body (5) is connected to the position (X) at the outlet of the low temperature heat exchanger (7b), where the temperature of the working fluid (5) is approximately the same.
id-US20150354506A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a device for managing gases suitable for being installed at the outlet of a particle filter or a catalytic converter. This device is characterized by a very compact configuration combining at least the heat exchanger for an EGR (Exhaust Gas Recirculation) system, particularly suitable for a low-pressure system, and an exhaust gas outlet pipe with a special configuration that is part of the exhaust line. The exhaust outlet incorporates a valve that allows using the heat exchanger of the EGR system as a heat recovery unit.
id-JP2017532473A    abstract-Disclose an internal combustion engine system 100 with heat recovery function. The first heat source 4 is composed of an internal combustion engine 12 with exhaust heat channel 16, an electric motor 28, a working fluid circulation circuit with exhaust heat channel 16, and a heating of the working fluid. A heat recovery assembly 1 with a expander engine 8 operated by a heated working fluid 6, and a branch 24 configured to be connected to the electric motor 28 and to the vehicle's drive train 26. In addition, there is a branch 24 connected to the expander engine 8 so that the expander engine 8 can drive the drive train and/or the electric motor 28. The internal combustion engine system 100 also includes at least a second heat source 32 for supplying heat to the heat recovery assembly 1. A vehicle with an internal combustion engine system 100 is also disclosed. Selection diagram: figure 1b
id-EP2952706A1    abstract-A heat exchange device (30) comprises a body to be positioned along a gas exhaust line (10) and a phase changing material (32), the body being configured so that the phase changing material (32) changes phase as a function of the temperature of the gases. An exhaust line (10) of a combustion engine (40) comprising such a device (30) and a thermoelectric module (20) comprising such a device (30) are also disclosed.
id-WO2016002425A1    abstract-At the inlet of evaporator 2 and condenser 7 in Rankine cycle 1 of waste heat regeneration system, a pressure adjustment unit 11 and 12 are respectively installed to adjust the pressure of working fluid 2 including the mixing medium, and the heating source of evaporator 2 is located on the saturated steam line of the mixing medium. The pressure corresponding to the temperature is set as the adjustment pressure of the pressure adjustment unit 11, and the pressure corresponding to the temperature of the cooling source of condenser 7 is set as the adjustment pressure of the pressure adjustment unit 12 on the saturated fluid line of the mixed medium.
id-JP2016003605A    abstract-[challenges] to maintain the appropriate Rankine cycle operation in a waste heat recovery system for vehicles that includes a Rankine cycle and an alternator with a regulator. The vehicle waste heat recovery device 1 circulates the refrigerant on the refrigerant circulation path 21 through the refrigerant pump 22, the evaporator 23 that heats and evaporates the refrigerant through the waste heat of the vehicle engine 10, and the refrigerant expansion through the evaporator 23. Rankine cycle 2 is equipped with expander 24 that produces the output and condenser 25 that condenses the refrigerant through expander 24, and regi that is driven by the output of expander 24 to generate electricity and USES the generated power to charge the vehicle battery 13. The control unit 4 controls the operating status of Rankine cycle 2 based on engine and battery status information. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2015198656A1    abstract-The invention provides a mechanism for effective utilization of thermal energy recovered from the exhaust gas of the motor of the mobile body. Heat supply system 1 according to the embodiment of the present invention includes: exhaust gas economizer 12 for recovering heat from the exhaust gas of motor 11; boiler 13 for separating steam from the heat medium heated by the heat recovered by exhaust gas economizer 12; Equipped with a heat supply system that supplies steam separated by IRA 13 to heat utilization unit 15. On the steam movement path of the heat supply system, switch valves 21, 22, 23 and compression/power generation equipment 20 are arranged to switch the operating mode of heat supply system 1. When the operating state of the motor 11 causes the thermal energy supplied from the exhaust gas economizer 12 to the heat utilization device 15 to be insufficient, the heat supply system 1 operates in compression mode, where the steam from boiler 13 to the compression and power generation device 20 is compressed. After increasing the pressure in the shrinking power generation device 20, the supply is supplied to the heat utilization device 15.
id-WO2015186563A1    abstract-The refrigerant unit of the internal combustion engine coils the internal combustion engine by vaporizing the refrigerant and separates the refrigerant into a vapor and liquid phase refrigerant; A waste heat recovery unit that recovers the energy of the waste heat of the internal combustion engine from the gas phase refrigerant and a control unit that controls the open/close state of the valve according to the output of the internal combustion engine requested by the driver.
id-WO2016019357A1    abstract-The present technology provides embodiments of recirculating noble gas combustion power cycles and systems including engines utilizing these power cycles. Embodiments of the cycles may include a combination of a high intake/exhaust pressure, very late or early intake valve closure, late exhaust valve opening, intake preheating using exhaust gases, sensible heat recovery, direct injection of fuel and/or oxidizer, and a condenser to remove combustion products and dissolved trace contaminant gases. An engine operating on these principles could provide motive force for electrical production, for example at power plants, or for transit, for example for ship engines. An engine operating with the cycles disclosed herein has high thermal efficiency and low cost. For example an argon power cycle using natural gas feedstock and cryogenic oxygen air separation could exceed 60% overall efficiency.
id-EP3168442A1    abstract-An ebullient cooling device includes: a coolant passage configured to be formed inside an internal-combustion engine, and allow a coolant that cools the internal-combustion engine by boiling to flow therethrough; an expander configured to be driven by the coolant that has boiled in the internal-combustion engine; a condenser configured to be located at a downstream side of the expander, and cool the coolant that has passed through the expander; and a heat exchanger configured to cool a cooling object by heat exchange with the coolant, wherein a low-pressure region including the expander and the condenser and a high-pressure region other than the low-pressure region are formed in a path through which the coolant circulates, and a passage connecting to a part through which a liquid-phase coolant flows and a passage connecting to the low-pressure region are coupled to the heat exchanger.
id-US20170167436A1    abstract-Disclosed is an efficient thermal energy power apparatus. A nozzle is arranged on a cylinder head of an internal combustion engine. The nozzle is connected to a pressure pump through a pipe. The pressure pump is connected to a liquid storage tank through a pipe. The liquid storage tank is connected to a cooler through a pipe, and the cooler is connected to an exhaust passage through a pipe. The advantages of the present invention are: a working stroke enables the temperature of a cylinder block to be lowered, and the compression ratio is high; due to being filtered by the cooler and the liquid storage tank, discharged exhaust gas is more environmentally friendly than that of existing engines.
id-US9541027B2    abstract-The disclosure relates to a system and method for recovering waste heat to improve the response and fuel economy of a machine. The system includes a heat recovery apparatus and an engine. The heat recovery apparatus has a cold cylinder, a first piston disposed in the cold cylinder, a hot cylinder, a second piston disposed in the hot cylinder, and a regenerator. The first piston and the second piston are in fluid communication with one another via the regenerator. The engine produces heat from multiple sources. A first heat source produced by the engine is thermally coupled to the regenerator and a second heat source produced by the engine is thermally coupled to the hot cylinder. The heat recovery apparatus is configured to convert the heat generated by the first and second heat sources into mechanical energy.
id-WO2016010015A1    abstract-The first Stirling engine (11), which drives the boiler (1) and the first generator (12) and USES combustion heat as a high temperature heat source; the economizer (4), which recovers exhaust heat from the boiler exhaust; the blower (2) and the first water supply pump (1) In the first Stirling engine (11), the boiler feed water supplied as a low temperature heat source is preheated, and the waste heat of the first Stirling engine (11) is supplied to the boiler (1), and the boiler (1) is supplied to the first Stalin nguyen In addition to the waste heat of gin (11), the waste heat of boiler (1) recovered by economizer (4) is also included as the heat source of steam generation. Electric power from the first Stirling engine (11) is supplied to the blower (2) and the first water supply pump (13). Improve the energy efficiency of the la system.
id-US10287924B2    abstract-A combined heat and power plant for the decentralized supply of power and of heat may include at least one prime mover for providing electrical energy while providing waste gas, at least one thermal store for storing thermal energy provided by the waste gas, and at least one high-temperature battery in which the electrical energy provided by the prime mover can be stored. The high-temperature battery can be supplied by the waste gas provided by the prime mover to keep the high-temperature battery warm.
id-WO2016028548A1    abstract-A number of variations may include a thermal management system comprising: an engine, an exhaust heat recovery system, and a coolant system comprising a coolant circuit and a coolant pump wherein the coolant pump operates independently of the engine and is operated by an electronic control unit, and wherein the electronic control unit is constructed and arranged to operate the coolant pump after engine start up to limit coolant temperature below a predetermined value in and/or near the exhaust heat recovery system.
id-US10876472B1    abstract-A spark-ignited (SI) internal combustion (IC) engine designed to operate on high octane fuels, such as gasoline, is reconfigured to operate on low octane fuels including logistically preferred distillate fuels, such as diesel or JP-8. Design modifications involve coupling a fuel reformer module to the internal combustion engine. Auxiliary components include a system control module, a heat exchange module, a bypass valve to facilitate start-up, and/or a throttle body to control a reformate-oxidizer mixture fed to the engine. Small portable generators having 0.3-3.0 kWe power output are disclosed based upon the modified SI-IC engine design.
id-WO2016027608A1    abstract-Reduce energy consumption and costs associated with controlling carbon dioxide concentration. Co 2 concentration control system (100 ~ 105) includes a measuring part (20) for measuring CO 2 concentration and a CO 2 absorber (31) for absorbing CO 2 at a rate corresponding to its own temperature. An absorption part (30) and a control part (10) include: a control part (30) USES the waste heat of the power device (40) to control the CO 2 absorption speed of CO 2 absorber (31) by controlling the temperature of CO 2 absorber (31).
id-WO2016029603A1    abstract-The invention relates to an integrated system and method of automobile power generation and refrigeration, which comprises a methanol hydrogen production equipment (100), a hydrogen power generation equipment (300), and a refrigeration and air conditioning equipment (500); The methanol hydrogen production equipment (100) produces hydrogen and transmits the produced hydrogen to the hydrogen power generation equipment (300); Hydrogen power generation equipment (300) uses hydrogen to generate electricity and release heat; Refrigeration air conditioning unit (500) uses the heat energy released by the hydrogen power generation unit for cooling. The refrigeration and air conditioning equipment (500) comprises a condenser (51), an evaporator (52), a number of throttle valves, a first adsorption generator (53), a second adsorption generator (54), and two adsorption generators are provided with an ammonia mixture. The system and method can effectively use the heat emitted by the hydrogen power generation equipment to cool the vehicle, reduce the temperature of the power generation equipment, improve the stability of the system and prolong the service life of the equipment.
id-WO2016029604A1    abstract-The invention relates to an integrated power generation and refrigeration system and method, including a methanol hydrogen production equipment (100), a hydrogen power generation equipment (300), and a refrigeration and air conditioning equipment (500); The methanol hydrogen production equipment (100) produces hydrogen and transmits the produced hydrogen to the hydrogen power generation equipment (300); Hydrogen power generation equipment (300) uses hydrogen to generate electricity and release heat; Refrigeration and air conditioning equipment (500) uses the heat energy released by the hydrogen power generation equipment or/and the waste heat released by the methanol hydrogen production equipment to refrigerate. The refrigeration and air conditioning equipment (500) comprises a condenser (51), an evaporator (52), a number of throttle valves, a first adsorption generator (53), a second adsorption generator (54), and two adsorption generators are provided with an ammonia mixture. The system and method can effectively use the heat emitted by the hydrogen power generation equipment (300) to cool, reduce the temperature of the power generation equipment, improve the system stability and prolong the service life of the equipment.
id-WO2016032737A1    abstract-A multi-stage expansion device having bypass capabilities and a variable speed drive is disclosed. In one example, the multi-stage expansion device has a housing within which a first stage, a second stage, and a third stage are housed. The housing may also be configured with internal working fluid passageways to direct a working fluid from the first stage to the second stage and/or from the second stage to the third stage. Each of the stages may include a pair of non-contacting rotors that are mechanically connected to each other and to a power output device such that energy extracted from the working fluid is converted to mechanical work at the output device. In one example, a bypass line is provided to bypass working fluid around the first stage and a bypass line is provided to bypass working fluid around the second stage.
id-WO2016021379A1    abstract-The internal combustion engine cooling system (1) consists of a boiling cooling system (10) that coils the internal combustion engine by boiling the refrigerant in the internal combustion engine (11) and a Rankine cycle system with a superheater (50), a turbine (60) and a condenser (80). (20). In the cooling device of the internal combustion engine, the Rankine cycle system includes a supply channel (110j) that supplies the liquid phase refrigerant discharged from the condenser to the shaft part (62) of the turbine, and is the part where the condenser refrigerant is supplied. The refrigerant supply section (84) is located higher in the direction of gravity than the shaft of the turbine.
id-US20210115875A1    abstract-A system and method of recovering waste heat from an engine when the engine is not operating, which includes connecting a heater core to source of fluid heated due to operation of the engine with fluid lines, the flow of fluid from the source of heated fluid controlled by one or more pump, and operating the pumps when the engine is not operating to circulate the fluid from the source of heated fluid through the heater core. A second aspect includes a portable heat recovery system.
id-WO2016039439A1    abstract-Provides vehicle waste heat equipment with improved Rankine cycle thermal efficiency. A refrigerant pump (4) that circulates the working fluid, A heater (5) that heats the working fluid using waste heat from the engine of the vehicle, an expander (6) that produces output by expanding the working fluid, and A runkin condenser (7a, 7b) that condenses the working fluid. Rankine condensers (7a, 7b) are installed on the roof of the vehicle in waste heat recovery equipment (1) for the vehicle, and the refrigerant pump (4) is installed on the vehicle in combination with the Rankine condensers (7a, 7b). It is located on the roof.
id-WO2016038727A1    abstract-The heat supply system 1 consists of the exhaust gas of the engine 11 installed on the ship, which provides propulsion to the ship, and the exhaust gas of the incinerator 12, which burns combustible materials generated in the ship, including impurities separated from the fuel oil before being consumed by the engine 11. Exhaust gas economizer 14, which recovers heat from the exclusively selected exhaust gas, steam separation drum 15, which separates steam from water that has become a mixed state of liquid and gas due to the heat recovered by the exhaust gas economizer 14, and steaming. The compressor 17 is equipped with a gas separation drum 15 to compress the separated water vapor and raise the temperature. The water vapor compressed by the compressor 17 is supplied to the heat utilization device 18. If the ship is moving at normal speed and the load on the engine 11 is above the predetermined threshold, the exhaust gas from the engine 11 will be directed to the exhaust gas economizer 14, and if the ship is moving at a stop or very low speed and the load on the engine 11 is below the predetermined threshold, the fuel will be burned. The exhaust gas from the incinerator 12 is directed to the exhaust economizer 14.
id-WO2016045843A1    abstract-The invention relates to Pumpvorrichtung(1), specifically the Pumpengehause for Axialkolbenpumpe $Abwarmenutzungseinrichtung The Arbeitsraum(3)(4) part, but the piston has been developed to (2) in the direction of (a) a sluicing-tuned phase I ordered by Fluidleitung(5) Fluids Arbeitsraum(3), in which the chief Fluidleitung(5) was trained by breaking (9) a person in the opposite Stirnseite in the piston (2),(7) Pumpengehause in the Arbeitsraums(3)(4) The Arbeitsraum(3) is connected in its field of breakthrough (9)Fluidleitung(5), or in the Arbeitsraum(3) of the first Ventilelement(10) of the provisions of the second Fluidleitung(6) of the Ausleiten Fluids flow from Arbeitsraum(3) into Arbeitsraum(3) in the secondary field Kolbens(2), and a second fluid loop (12) provides a second fluid valve (3).
id-JP2016056786A    abstract-[issue] to provide waste heat equipment for vehicles with improved Rankine cycle thermal efficiency The refrigerant pump 4 that circulates the working fluid, the heater 5 that heats the working fluid through the waste heat of the vehicle engine, the expander 6 that expands the working fluid to produce the output, and the condenser 7a and 7b that condenses the working fluid In the vehicle waste heat recovery device 1 configured on the roof of the vehicle, the runkin condenser 7a and 7b are equipped with cooling fans 10a and 10b in part 7a of the runkin condenser. The condenser 7a and 7b are composed of part 7a of the air blown by the cooling fan 10a and 10b, and other part 7b of the air blown by the running of the vehicle. Figure 1.
id-WO2016069455A1    abstract-A waste heat recovery system comprising a pump fluidically coupled to an engine and configured to pump a coolant through the engine. A cooling circuit includes a radiator structured to cool the coolant, and a coolant boiler. The coolant boiler is fluidically coupled to the engine and the radiator and configured to extract heat from the coolant to heat a working fluid. A thermostat is fluidically coupled to the engine and the pump. The thermostat is configured to direct the coolant towards the cooling circuit (radiator and coolant boiler) when the engine reaches a predetermined temperature. The waste heat recovery system also includes a coolant control valve. The coolant control valve is in fluidic communication with the engine, the radiator and the coolant boiler. The coolant control valve is structured to selectively redirect heated coolant received from the engine towards the radiator or the coolant boiler.
id-JP2016079969A    abstract-[challenges] we provide power generation equipment for internal combustion engines that effectively reuses the combustion heat generated by the engine and USES commercialized thermoelectric elements regardless of the application position. [solution] The invention relates to a heat protector placed on a exhaust manifold with flowing exhaust gas to absorb the heat energy released from the exhaust manifold and the heat absorbed by the heat protector. It is characterized by a thermoelectric module that generates electrical energy from energy. In addition, the invention is arranged between the intake stage and the discharge stage of the exhaust manifold with flowing exhaust gas, and the thermoelectric module absorbs the thermal energy discharged from the exhaust manifold and the thermoelectric module absorbs the thermal energy. It is characterized by including a cooling jacket. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20160138430A1    abstract-An exhaust heat recovery system may a condenser having a working fluid introduced thereinto and recovering heat of the introduced working fluid, the introduced working fluid receiving heat of exhaust gas through a heat exchanger provided in an exhaust pipe, and a reservoir receiving the working fluid from the condenser, wherein the condenser and the reservoir are provided with a coolant channel through which a coolant for cooling the working fluid flows.
id-US20160146153A1    abstract-A method of controlling facility power requirements using a thermoacoustic power device is provided that includes determining energy assets in a facility, controlling the energy assets using an appropriately programmed controller across a network having a security system protocol, monitoring outside temperatures and weather, measuring usage of the energy assets using a temperature sensor or an electrical usage sensor to a load-response signal of an on/off operation and usage of the energy assets to identify a specific energy asset by the controller to determine aggregate energy needs of the energy assets, and using a thermoacoustic power device controlled by the controller to generate electricity and heat according to the monitored temperature, weather and energy assets.
id-US10151276B2    abstract-An exhaust heat recovery system may include an exhaust pipe through which exhaust gas exhausted from an engine moves, a main channel through which a working fluid moves, a turbine rotated by the working fluid exhausted from the main channel to generate energy, an exhaust gas recirculation (EGR) line circulating a portion of the exhaust gas exhausted from the engine to an intake manifold, and channel control valves disposed in the main channel and configured to control movement of the working fluid so that the exhaust gas moving along the EGR line and the working fluid moving along the main channel exchange heat with each other.
id-US20170328254A1    abstract-In a method for heating an operating agent for a rail vehicle, particularly for heating a reducing agent for the after-treatment of exhaust gas, a coolant liquid is pumped through a cooling circuit of the internal combustion engine by a pump when an operating agent heating system is in an operating mode. In the operating mode, the coolant liquid is pumpable through a main heating circuit by of the pump in order to heat the operating agent in a reservoir. When the operating agent heating system is in a preheating mode, the main heating circuit is divided into two sub-circuits of a preheating circuit, the flow being able to pass through both of the sub-circuits.
id-WO2016072943A1    abstract-The present invention relates to an internal combustion engine (1), which basically comprises a combustion chamber (3), at least one exhaust passage (6) which enables discharge of the exhaust gas resulting in the combustion chamber (3) from the engine (1), at least one water jacket (8) which surrounds the combustion chamber (3) and through which the coolant is passed, at least one exhaust manifold (9), which is located at the end of the exhaust passage (6), and which transmits the exhaust gas to the vehicle exhaust pipe or turbocharger; and which provides saving in fuel consumption by enabling waste heat recovery by means of a gap layer (10) surrounding the exhaust manifold (9) and a nozzle (11) spraying water in the gap layer (10), and which enables to downsize both the radiator and the water circulation pump.
id-US20160138432A1    abstract-An exhaust heat recovery system includes an exhaust pipe through which exhaust gas exhausted from an engine moves, a heat exchanger mounted in the exhaust pipe and inducing heat exchange between the exhaust gas and a working fluid flowing therein, a plurality of reservoirs supplying working fluids to the heat exchanger, and channel adjusting valves allowing any one of the plurality of reservoirs to be in communication with the heat exchanger.
