id-US9719391B2    abstract-Methods and systems are provided for controlling and coordinating control of a post-catalyst exhaust throttle and an EGR valve to expedite catalyst heating. By closing both valves during an engine cold start, an elevated exhaust backpressure and increased heat rejection at an EGR cooler can be synergistically used to warm each of an engine and an exhaust catalyst. The valves may also be controlled to vary an amount of exhaust flowing through an exhaust venturi so as to meet engine vacuum needs while providing a desired amount of engine EGR.
id-US9879569B2    abstract-A method and a device for operating a waste heat utilization device for an internal combustion engine of a motor vehicle is disclosed. The waste heat utilization device contains a waste heat utilization circuit in which a working medium circulates. A conveyor, an evaporator, an expansion machine, and a condenser are disposed in the waste heat utilization circuit. A basic adjustment of the waste heat utilization circuit is provided, which as a function of a heat input into the working medium adjusts the mass flow rate at the conveyor and/or the ratio between high pressure and low pressure at the expansion machine. In addition, a pilot control is provided which recognizes a change of the operating point of the internal combustion engine and, when the operating point is changed, controls the condensation output of the condenser in accordance with a mass distribution of the working medium in the waste heat utilization circuit optimized to the new operating point.
id-US20140208715A1    abstract-Generally a power unit including an internal combustion engine and a Stirling engine engaged through a common power transmission system to offset applied load. Specifically, a Stirling engine which uses the heat discharged by an internal combustion engine as heat source with the engine speed of the Stirling engine controlled by a combination of regulation of fuel consumption of and application of an exhaust brake to the internal combustion engine to transfer a compressive load of the internal combustion engine to the Stirling engine through the common power transmission system.
id-US20150377189A1    abstract-Fuel efficiency in a combustion engine is increased by treating the fuel in a reaction chamber prior to delivering the fuel into the combustion chamber of the engine. The method includes the step of entraining a stream of exhaust gas to travel upstream through the reactor chamber in a first flow pattern. The method also includes the step of entraining a stream of fuel to travel downstream through the reactor chamber in a second flow pattern, where at least one of the first and second flow patterns comprises a structured turbulent flow.
id-WO2014128266A1    abstract-A system for converting heat energy from a combustion engine (7) comprising a closed working fluid circulation circuit (1) comprising a first heat exchanger (3), an expansion machine (4), a second heat exchanger (5), and a pump (2), the expansion machine (4) being adapted for During expansion of the fluid following its evaporation in the first heat exchanger (3) and its holding under pressure by the pump (2), drive a moving member (14) in motion via a lubricated mechanical link arranged in a housing (17), characterized in that the lubricant is miscible with the working fluid when said working fluid is in the liquid state.
id-US8851043B1    abstract-An expansion system utilizes external combustion of its residual warm exhaust air, in order to heat incoming compressed air. The heat of this external combustion is communicated to the incoming compressed air through a heat exchanger. The expansion system may be incorporated into an energy storage device also featuring a compressed air storage unit supplied by a compressor. Where the stored supply of compressed air is depleted, the energy storage device may continue to supply electricity on demand through operation as a heat engine, with the compressor being driven directly (e.g. on a same rotating shaft) or indirectly (via generated electrical power) by the expansion system. Multiple expanders of the same or different types (e.g. rotating, reciprocating), may be utilized in parallel and/or in series (e.g. multiple stages) depending upon the particular application. Multi-stage embodiments featuring internal combustion in low pressure stages, may be particularly suited for placement in vehicles.
id-US20140277791A1    abstract-A hybrid generator may include a fuel powered engine; an alternator comprising a permanent magnet alternator head with at least 90% mechanical-to-electric efficiency, the alternator being coupled to the engine; one or more batteries to receive and store power routed from the alternator; a controller to maintain efficient operating speed of the engine at prime power; and a power converter or inverter to convert stored energy from the batteries into usable electricity for AC or DC loads.
id-US20220145827A1    abstract-A dual heating process is performed in the absence of an open flame. Heat is created by a rotating prime mover(s) driving a fluid shear heater. Heat is also collected from a cooling system of the prime mover, and from any exhaust heat generated by the prime mover. The heat energy collected from all of these sources is transmitted through heat exchangers to a fluid where heat energy is desired. The fluid being heated may be glycol or air, depending on the type of heat desired.
id-US20140261253A1    abstract-An internal combustion engine is powered on or using a mix of a liquid fuel and hydrogen, to produce energy that is converted into electricity using an alternator, which is subsequently used to produce hydrogen. The hydrogen is produced through the use of hydrogen generating cells which breaks down water using electrolysis and outputs hydrogen. The cell uses anode rods inserted into a tank containing cathode tubes. Additionally, the tank itself also acts as the cathode as the tank is connected to the negative end of a circuit. A current passes from the anode rods to the cathode through water to produce hydrogen. Hydrogen is off gassed and stored in a reservoir to be used in an internal combustion engine as fuel. The energy needed to perform electrolysis is garnered from an alternator and a turbine that is part of the system.
id-US9086013B2    abstract-Stirling cycle engines with hot and cold gerotor sets separated by an insulation barrier. The barrier has regenerative gas passages to allow gasses to flow therethrough thus connecting displacing chambers of the hot and cold gerotor sets. Each gerotor set has a rotor within a stator and displacing chambers created in an offset space therebetween. The stators may rotate about the rotors, or vice-versa. Either the rotor of the cold gerotor set has an axis of rotation offset with respect to the rotor of the hot gerotor set or the stator of the cold gerotor set has an axis of rotation offset with respect to the stator of the hot gerotor set, and the non-offset rotors or stators rotate about a common axis and are rotationally connected and create an angular phase offset between connected hot and cold chambers. The gerotor apparatuses may be utilized for a Stirling cycle engine for generating electricity, for example.
id-US20140260245A1    abstract-A volumetric expander configured to transfer a working fluid and generate useful work via a variable drive system is disclosed. The expander includes an inlet port configured to admit relatively high-pressure working fluid and an outlet port configured to discharge to a relatively low-pressure working fluid. The expander also includes first and second twisted meshed rotors rotatably disposed in the housing and configured to expand the relatively high-pressure working fluid into the relatively low-pressure working fluid. Each rotor has a plurality of lobes, and when one lobe of the first rotor is leading with respect to the inlet port, one lobe of the second rotor is trailing with respect to the inlet port. The expander additionally includes an output shaft coupled to the variable speed drive that can deliver power from the output shaft to the engine and/or to a load storage device.
id-WO2014157298A1    abstract-[challenges] to achieve both improved start-up performance of the Rankine cycle and efficient operation (operation) of the Rankine cycle in exhaust heat recovery equipment equipped with the Rankine cycle. [solution] the exhaust heat recovery device (1) that recovers and utilizes the exhaust heat of engine (10) is equipped with a heater (22), an expander (23), a condenser (24) and a pump (25), so as to bypass the Rankine cycle (2) and the expander (23) to cool the engine. Bypass flow channel 26 for circulating medium, bypass valve 27 for opening and closing bypass flow channel 26, and control unit 4. The control unit (4) starts the Rankine cycle (2) and starts the pump (25) when the bypass valve (27) is opened. After that, when the parameter representing the condensation capacity in the condenser (24) is above the specified value, the viper Control to close the valve (27).
id-WO2014157299A1    abstract-Challenges heat recovery equipment equipped with Rankine cycle can suppress the reduction of the opportunity to operate the Rankine cycle and make it possible to operate the Rankine cycle efficiently. The exhaust heat recovery device 1 that recovers and USES the exhaust heat of engine 10 includes Rankine cycle 2 with heater 22, expander 23, condenser 24 and pump 25, bypass channel 26 that circulates refrigerant around expander 23 Bypass valve 27 for opening and closing bypass flow path 26 and control unit 4. The control unit 4 activates the pump 25 when the bypass valve 27 is opened and then performs the start control of the Rankine cycle 2 that closes the bypass valve 27. In addition, the control unit 4 repeats the above start control when the pressure difference between the high-pressure side and the low-pressure side of the Rankine cycle 2 after closing bypass valve 27 does not reach the start completion determination value within a predetermined time.
id-US20170138195A1    abstract-A method for improving the efficiency of an internal combustion engine changes the volume in a piston chamber of an expander device. The expander device generally operates at a fixed expander device speed to perform work on an expander shaft. The expander shaft is connected to a first end of a piston in the piston chamber.
id-US10941728B1    abstract-A machine, method of making, and method of using, along with necessary intermediates, illustratively, by way of a method, there can be a method of generating electrical power, the method including: inputting air, including adjusting flow rate of the air; inputting fuel, including throttling flow rate of the fuel, wherein: the fuel flow rate and the air flow rate are in stoichiometric proportions for combustion, and the fuel is comprised of at least one hydrocarbon, alcohol, or both; combusting a mixture of the fuel and a portion of the air with the remainder of the air to produce heat, wherein: prior to the combusting: combining the portion of the air with the fuel to produce the mixture that, when heated, stoichiometrically forms syngas; heating the mixture with the heat from the combusting; heating the remainder of the air with the heat from the combusting; and during the combusting, matching the remainder of the air with at least one of flow rate, pressure drop, and flow velocity of the mixture; generating electromagnetic emissions from the heat; harvesting the electromagnetic emissions with photovoltaic elements to produce electrical power; processing exhaust gasses produced during the combusting, wherein heat released from the processing is transferred into the mixture and the remainder of the air before the combusting, and the processing removes one or more pollutants from the exhaust gasses; measuring the oxygen content of the exhaust gasses before the processing in ensuring the stoichiometric proportions.
id-WO2014178112A1    abstract-The first channel (181) that circulates the cooling water through the internal combustion engine 20, the second channel (182) that circulates the cooling water through the internal combustion engine 20, and the state between the open and closed valve states. The cooling water control device is used to control the cooling device (10), which has a switching valve (13) for switching and a supply mechanism (16) for supplying cooling water. After the instruction to switch the state of the switching valve from the closed valve state to the open valve state is output, the first is the cooling water control device. Passage in cooling water first when (they), second passage in cooling water second when (THB), the difference between (Tsens) based on due to switching valve failure appeared determines whether determination unit (30) determination unit is due to switching valve failure the life The control unit 30 controls the supply mechanism so that when the internal combustion engine is shut down during the determination of whether to shut down, the supply mechanism supplies cooling water to a predetermined flow rate after the internal combustion engine is shut down.
id-US20160040549A1    abstract-A method for flexible operation of a power plant having a recovery steam generator having heat exchanger stages for generating live steam and/or reheater steam for a steam turbine from an exhaust flow of a gas turbine, wherein auxiliary firing is arranged in a flue gas channel of the recovery steam generator in the region of the heat exchanger stages. In order to regulate the live steam and/or the reheater steam, at least one injection cooling device is brought online directly upon using the auxiliary firing.
id-US20140352296A1    abstract-A method and apparatus for operating an internal combustion engine, in particular for commercial vehicles, having a fuel/air feed device and a downstream exhaust system, wherein, to achieve improved efficiency, the exhaust gas enthalpy in the exhaust gas flow of the internal combustion engine is used to operate a heat engine, in particular a Stirling engine, which produces mechanical energy.
id-US20160090873A1    abstract-A system for evaporating liquefied natural gas (LNG) in a vehicle having an engine which is powered by natural gas, the system including an evaporator for the LNG, and the system including a heat engine for recovering the thermal energy from the exhaust gas of the vehicle, the heat engine including a condenser for condensing a coolant, this condenser being in operative connection with the evaporator for the LNG for the purpose of exchanging heat.
id-JP2014218952A    abstract-[challenges] improve the cooling performance of the engine cooling system. [solution] Rankine cycle device 50, cylinder block flow path 31, main radiator 32, sub-radiator 51 are arranged in order of evaporator 52, expander 53, capacitor 54 and compressor 55 in circulation flow path 51. The main stream 33 via generator 36, the main stream 33 via main radiator 32, the heating stream 34 via evaporator 52, the substream 37 via sub-stream 36, and the cooling stream 37 branched from the substream 37 via capacitor 54. "Route 39". Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2014191735A3    abstract-A plastics processing apparatus (10) having a hopper (12) for receiving a plastics material, a barrel (14) having one or more screws (16) disposed co- axially with the barrel, a breaker plate (18), disposed on a distal end of the barrel, having one or more output apertures (48), a heater (20, 22) and a motor (24) for driving the, or each, screw (16). The heater (20, 22) provides heated fluid to the hopper (12) and/or barrel (14). The heated fluid is heated from heat derived from the exhaust of the driven motor (24).
id-US10205369B2    abstract-A method is disclosed for generating and distributing electric power for localized use. The method entails providing an enclosed building having an air conditioning and ventilation unit for supplying cooled air within the building, the unit including a closed loop circuit configured to operate a closed loop refrigeration cycle, including a compressor operable to compress a working fluid of the closed loop circuit. The method further includes engaging an internal combustion engine with the compressor and operating the internal combustion engine to drive the compressor, thereby transferring energy to the refrigeration cycle. The method may also involve engaging an electric motor with the compressor and operating the electric motor to drive the compressor, thereby transferring energy to the refrigeration cycle.
id-WO2014195117A1    abstract-A device that recovers thermal energy in a thermodynamic cycle, through which, The following interrelated substances are produced: the dissolution of Kondensator as Ruckkuhlen stromab Arbeitsmediums and primarily Stromungsrichtung Kondensators Arbeitsmediums "-" stipulates that the Verdampferanordnung into the body, the Arbeitsmedium means an increase in the temperature and pressure of the black hole, while the Verdampferanordnung is at least two independent Verdampfereinheiten. The steam hammer in the stirring element designates a rest room for releasing the energy of the heart in the stirring element and reducing at least part of the loose carrier to the capacitor. Containers placed between Stromauf and stromab Verdampfereinheiten are the inequalities envisaged by Ventilanordnung, depending on selectivity as well as continuous zeitversetzt Verdampfereinheit is in the first stage. Arbeitsmedium Verdampfereinheit can be set in the second stage of Verdampfereinheit The Kreisprozess is completely separated, and the Arbeitsmedium heats up and its pressure increases in the third stage when the heated carrier can be a mouthful of air to the table top.
id-US20150000274A1    abstract-The disclosure describes a Rankine cycle waste heat recovery (WHR) system that provides cooling to an air conditioning condenser and may use waste heat from the air conditioning condenser to raise the temperature of a working fluid of the WHR system. The Rankine cycle WHR system also converts waste heat from an internal combustion engine in which the WHR system is positioned. Thus, the Rankine cycle waste heat recovery system serves to provide cooling to an air conditioning system of an internal combustion system while serving to convert waste heat into useful energy.
id-US20160123191A1    abstract-A waste heat recovery system ( 100 ) for an engine ( 101 ) comprises a fluid supply ( 104 ); one or more evaporators ( 120, 121 ) adapted to transfer waste heat from the engine ( 101 ) to fluid from the fluid supply ( 104 ) to heat the fluid to a superheated vapor; a condenser ( 134 ) having a condenser inlet ( 134′ ) in fluid communication with the one or more evaporators; and a pressure regulator ( 200 ) configured to limit the vapor pressure at the condenser inlet ( 134′ ).
id-WO2014202942A4    abstract-A waste heat recovery unit (10} comprises a duct (12) for hot gas. The duct (12) is divided into first, second and third adjacent and parallel channels (44, 46, 48) each with an inlet and an outlet. A heat exchanger is located in each of the first; and third channels (44, 48). The second channel (46) is located between the first and third channels (44, 48) and provides a bypass channel. A damper system (50) is operable to selectively open and close the inlets of the three channels (44, 46, 48). This provides a more compact waste heat recovery unit configuration which is more straightforward to manufacture and maintain.
id-EP2816215A1    abstract-Energy conversion system (2) for a vehicle, comprising at least a Stirling engine (4) which has a warm side (6) and a cold side (8), a motion means (10) for transfer of mechanical energy from the Stirling engine (4), a heat module (12) situated close to the Stirling engine's warm side (6) and adapted to delivering heat (14) to said warm side for operation of the Stirling engine, which motion means (10) is adapted to driving a generator (16) to charge one or more of the vehicle's batteries (18). The heat module (12) is adapted to receiving heat (20, 22), for delivery to the warm side of the Stirling engine, from the vehicle's exhaust system (24) and from at least one separate heat source (26), and to switching between a first operating mode in which the heat (20) from the vehicle's exhaust system (24) is used and a second operating mode in which the heat (22) from the separate heat source (26) is used. The energy conversion system comprises a control unit (30) adapted to receiving one or more sensor signals (32) which represent one or more operating parameters for the vehicle, and to controlling the operating mode for said heat module (12) on the basis of said operating parameter or parameters.
id-US9574767B2    abstract-Technologies are provided for employing electrical energy to control a combustion reaction. Energy is received from a combustion reaction. A portion of the received energy is converted to generated electricity. The generated electricity converted from the combustion energy is used to control the combustion reaction.
id-US9518497B2    abstract-The disclosure provides a waste heat recovery system with a system and method for calculation of the net output torque from the waste heat recovery system. The calculation uses inputs from existing pressure and speed sensors to create a virtual pump torque sensor and a virtual expander torque sensor, and uses these sensors to provide an accurate net torque output from the WHR system.
id-US9670836B2    abstract-A drive unit for a motor vehicle that has a combustion machine having an internal combustion engine ( 10 ) as well as an exhaust gas system via which exhaust gas can be discharged from the internal combustion engine ( 10 ), and has a cyclic device that can be used to convert the thermal energy contained in the exhaust gas into mechanical work in a clockwise thermodynamic cycle, whereby the cycle comprises a heat transfer from the exhaust gas to a working medium in a first heat exchange device, as a result of which the temperature and/or the pressure of the working medium is increased, comprises an expansion of the working medium in an expansion device ( 30 ) for generating the mechanical work, and comprises a heat transfer from the working medium to a cooling medium in a second heat exchange device. The drive unit is refined in that the first heat exchange device comprises a first heat exchanger ( 20 ) and a second heat exchanger ( 26 ) as well as an intermediate circuit ( 22 ) containing a transfer medium, whereby in the first heat exchanger ( 20 ), thermal energy is transferred from the exhaust gas to the transfer medium, and in the second heat exchanger ( 26 ), thermal energy is transferred from the transfer medium to the working medium.
id-US10995697B1    abstract-An energy generating system for generating thermal energy and electrical energy for a premises. The system includes an engine that drives an AC power generator to supply supplemental or standby power to the premises. The thermal energy given off by the engine is also coupled to the premises to provide heat thereto. A processor controls the various parameters of both the energy generating system and the premises to coordinate the proper heating and cooling thereof.
id-US20150013935A1    abstract-The disclosure describes a non-condensable gas collection, detection, and removal system for a WHR system that helps to maintain cycle efficiency of the WHR system across the life of an engine system associated with the WHR system. A storage volume is configured to collect non-condensable gas received from the working fluid circuit, and a release valve is configured to selectively release non-condensable gas contained within the storage volume.
id-US9145813B2    abstract-A structure for utilizing exhaust heat of a vehicle is provided. The structure includes a first part that has an exhaust pipe in which exhaust gas having a predetermined temperature passes through and which is heated by exchanging heat with the exhaust gas. A bypass passageway is installed within the exhaust pipe and the exhaust gas is bypassed through the bypass passageway. A thermoelectric element is attached to an exterior of the exhaust pipe, formed by bonding a P-type semiconductor and an N-type semiconductor, and produces electricity using a thermoelectric effect. A second part is attached to the exterior of the thermoelectric element and coolant flows therein. A first exhaust gas passageway is installed in the second part in a longitudinal direction and the exhaust gas passes through the first exhaust gas passageway to heat the coolant.
id-WO2015019886A1    abstract-Waste heat recovery equipment (6) includes piping (61), compressed air heat exchanger (621), exhaust heat exchanger (622), expander (63), condenser (64) and pump (65). The working fluid flowing through pipe (61) is R4310mee. In the compressed air heat exchanger (621), the working fluid is heated with the air supply of the motor (3) as a heat source, and in the exhaust heat exchanger (622), the working fluid is vaporized by heating the exhaust of the motor (3) as a heat source. The expander (63) recovers mechanical energy by expanding a gaseous working fluid. After expansion, the working fluid is condensed in a condenser (64), liquefied, and fed by a pump (65) to a compressed air heat exchanger (621). In waste heat recovery equipment (6), the working fluid R4310mee is thermally stable even at about 500 ° c. Therefore, it is possible to recover waste heat efficiently and stably from the exhaust of a motor (3), which is a relatively high temperature heat source.
id-WO2015035134A1    abstract-Methods and apparatus for optimizing operation of a combined cycle power plant which combines the use of both gas and steam turbines in a single power generating plant. In one embodiment there is provided a closed-loop hybrid neural network-first principles optimizer for optimally allocating fuel across power generation plant blocks and sub¬ systems to minimize fuel costs while meeting capacity and ramp-rate commitments. Embodiments of the methods and apparatus include a steady state plant optimization model and a dynamic plant optimization model.
id-WO2015037653A1    abstract-Challenges: suppress engine load caused by the Rankine cycle by properly releasing the clutch that transmits/shuts off power between the engine and the Rankine cycle in exhaust heat recovery equipment equipped with the Rankine cycle. . [solution] exhaust heat recovery equipment (1a) is equipped with Rankine cycle (2a), power transmission mechanism (3a), and control unit (4). The power transmission mechanism (3a) has A clutch (31), which enables the transmission of power between the engine (10) and the Rankine cycle (2a) when the clutch (31) is fastened. The control unit (4) includes the first correlation value associated with the power consumption during the starting of the Rankine cycle (2a) and the power consumption during the Rankine cycle (2a) when the output is negative during the starting operation of the Rankine cycle (2a). The fastening/unfastening of the clutch (31) is controlled according to the second correlation value associated with.
id-US10267201B2    abstract-In one embodiment, an exhaust waste heat recovery system includes a first exhaust waste heat recovery assembly including a central exhaust channel configured to allow passage of exhaust along an exhaust axis, and a first plurality of thermoelectric (TE) legs, each of the first plurality of TE legs including a hot end in thermal communication with the exhaust channel, and a cold end opposite to the hot end, and an electrical coupler in electrical communication with each of the first plurality of TE legs, the electrical coupler configured to receive electricity from the first plurality of TE legs.
id-WO2015034448A1    abstract-The invention is essentially a combustion system with a heat recovery unit (1) wherein whole exhaust gas temperature is enabled to increase by coating piston (6), cylinder block and the cylinder head (5) with a special coating and potentially discharged energy is utilized by using a waste heat recovery unit (10) instead of discharging this increase.
id-US9745887B2    abstract-An engine cooling system, capable of reducing vehicle weight caused by employing a Rankine cycle and capable of improving Rankine cycle performance, including some inlet-side cooling water of a radiator is used as a heating source for a first evaporator and some outlet-side cooling water of a sub-radiator is used as a cooling source for a condenser, a coolant that has passed through an expander, a second evaporator, and a compressor in a cooling cycle for an air conditioner, vaporized, cooled and liquefied by passing through a side to be cooled of the condenser in the Rankine cycle.
id-US10145279B2    abstract-Systems and methods for operating an engine that includes an exhaust gas heat recovery system are described. The system may reduce engine warm-up time and increase an amount of time an engine of a hybrid vehicle is deactivated while the hybrid vehicle is powered by a motor. In one example, a phase change material selectively stores and releases exhaust gas energy from and engine to improve vehicle operation.
id-WO2015063935A1    abstract-[issues] we provide exhaust heat recovery equipment that can effectively utilize exhaust heat from the engine and protect the engine and its peripheral equipment. [solution] engine exhaust heat recovery device (1) includes engine (71). In addition, a first cooling medium is provided for cooling the first cooling mechanism of the engine (71), and a second temperature water higher than the first temperature is output by exchanging the heat of the first temperature water output from the hot water utilization device with the first cooling medium. 1 (3) to prepare the air conditioner. In addition, a heat exchanger (2) is also provided, which outputs water at a third temperature higher than the second temperature through heat exchange between the second temperature water and the exhaust gas of the engine, and supplies the water to the hot water utilization equipment. When the temperature of the first cooling medium is lower than the temperature of the first temperature side of the first cooler 3, the first valve device 52 supplies the first temperature water to the heat exchanger 2.
id-US9617905B2    abstract-An exhaust heat recovery apparatus may include a bypass valve that is rotatably provided on a bypass path through which a high-temperature exhaust gas passes to open or close the bypass path, a heat exchanger that is communicatively connected to the bypass path to allow heat exchange to be performed between the high-temperature exhaust gas supplied from the bypass path and a low-temperature coolant introduced through a coolant inlet when the bypass path is closed, a valve actuator including a rod moved up and down by expansion or contraction of a wax sealed therein, and a connection part that converts an up and down motion of the rod into a rotary motion to allow the bypass valve to open or close the bypass path along with movement of the rod.
id-JP2015102067A    abstract-[challenges] to provide waste heat recovery systems, Marine propulsion systems, ships and waste heat recovery methods that can reduce the amount of waste heat discharged into the atmosphere and improve the overall efficiency of the Marine propulsion system. [solution] jacket cooling water through the water jacket of the internal combustion engine 11, 61, 62 and the steam turbine 12, The characteristics of the first low-pressure feed water heater are as follows: the first low-pressure feed water heater 85 is provided on the downstream side of 41, where heat is exchanged between the condenser and the condenser that condenses and leads to the exhaust economizer 94, and the condenser is heated by the heat of the jacket cooling water. Select diagram: figure 4
id-WO2015070302A1    abstract-An Otto cycle or diesel cycle internal combustion engine is introduced and an energy and water recovery system of Rankine cycle is installed. In the first innovation, high-pressure steam, preferably above the critical pressure, is injected into the combustion chamber (20) at the end of the compression time (C), reducing the combustion temperature and increasing the pressure inside the cylinder. In the second innovation, low-pressure steam is used as the driving steam in the injector (7), responsible for the suction and forced discharge of the exhaust gas. The third innovation, low pressure saturated polymer injection exhausts (end of year) waste gas exhaust assisted and controlled temperature in compression (C) Fourth, innovative retrieval of heat generated in catalysts in high - and low-pressure steam power generation systems. Finally, the fifth innovation, before the gas is eliminated into the atmosphere, a condenser (15) is used to recover the water and clean the exhaust gas, retaining the particulate matter contained in the combustion gas. The invention shows that effective power generation can be increased by 59% and thermal efficiency can be increased by 54% compared to conventional Otto engines.
id-US20150128591A1    abstract-An exhaust energy recovery system can include a hydraulic accumulator having an outer shell defining an internal volume containing an energy storage medium. The heat exchanger can be coupled to the outer shell and can selectively receive a flow of exhaust gas. The heat exchanger can have an inlet and outlet that can each be coupled to an exhaust pipe. A valve can be associated with the exhaust pipe upstream of the heat exchanger and a bypass passage can be in selective fluid communication with the valve to provide an exhaust gas flow path that bypasses the heat exchanger. The valve can be configured to: i) divert at least a portion of the exhaust gas through the heat exchanger thereby providing thermal energy to at least the energy storage medium of the accumulator, and/or ii) divert at least a portion of the exhaust gas through the bypass passage.
id-WO2015067848A1    abstract-An energy converter based on a thermodynamic energy conversion process comprises an electrical turbo-machine (101) for converting energy contained by vaporized working fluid into electrical energy, a condenser (104) for condensing the vaporized working fluid outputted by the electrical turbo-machine, a vaporizer (105) for receiving a main heat flow from an external heat source and for vaporizing the condensed working fluid, and a feed pump (106) for pumping the condensed working fluid to the vaporizer. The energy converter can be based on for example the Organic Rankine Cycle. The energy converter further comprises a controllable heating device (107) for generating a controllable auxiliary heat flow to the vaporizer so as to at least partly compensate for temporal variations in the main heat flow. Therefore, the energy converter is suitable for being used also with a varying main heat flow which is sometimes unable to maintain the thermodynamic energy conversion process.
