id-US8984884B2    abstract-In one embodiment, a waste heat recovery system includes multiple organic Rankine cycle (ORC) systems arranged in a cascade configuration. Each ORC system includes a heat exchanger that transfers heat to the working fluid to vaporize the working fluid. Each ORC system also includes an integrated power module that expands the working fluid to generate electricity.
id-US9702268B2    abstract-In a device for controlling a working fluid with low freezing point circulating in a closed loop working on a Rankine cycle, the loop includes a compression/circulation pump for the fluid in liquid form, a heat exchanger swept by a hot source for evaporation of the fluid, expansion machine for the fluid in vapour form, a cooling exchanger swept by a cold source for condensation of the working fluid, a working fluid tank and working fluid circulation lines. The working fluid tank is connected to a depression generator.
id-US9716216B2    abstract-[Object] Provided is a thermoelectric power generating device that is able to decrease thermal distortion of thermoelectric conversion modules and to upsize the thermoelectric conversion modules, thereby making it possible to simplify a manufacturing operation and to decrease a manufacturing cost. A thermoelectric power generating device ( 17 ) is configured to include: a body case ( 20 ) accommodating therein thermoelectric conversion modules ( 27 ); an exhaust-pipe portion ( 19 ) provided in the body case ( 20 ) so as to be opposed to heat-receiving substrates ( 31 ) of the thermoelectric conversion modules ( 27 ); a steam tank ( 37 ) attached to an outer side of the body case ( 20 ) so as to be opposed to heat-dissipation substrates ( 32 ) of the thermoelectric conversion modules ( 27 ); a steam tank ( 40 ) provided above the body case ( 20 ); thermoelectric conversion modules ( 41 ) provided above the steam tank ( 40 ) so that heat-dissipation substrates ( 43 ) thereof are opposed to the steam tank ( 40 ); and a cooling water tank ( 51 ) provided above the thermoelectric conversion modules ( 41 ) so as to be opposed to heat-receiving substrates ( 42 ) of the thermoelectric conversion modules ( 41 ).
id-US20130174544A1    abstract-Systems and methods to achieve an electric supercharged co-power hybrid drive mechanism using a Rankine cycle system to reduce fossil fuel consumption are disclosed. The hybrid drive mechanism can be used by a vehicle or by stationary machine when fast changes of load are required. The drive mechanism comprises an internal combustion engine with an electric supercharger, an electric motor/generator and a Rankine cycle system using waste heat from the exhaust system and radiator of the combustion engine. The supercharger facilitates to further reducing the size of the combustion engine. The electrical supercharger is activated when higher power levels are required by the drive mechanism in order to push additional air into the internal combustion engine. The internal combustion engine, the electric motor/generator and the turbine are all on a same drive shaft
id-US20130186088A1    abstract-A waste heat recovery system that efficiently converts waste heat from an engine coolant and an engine exhaust in a vehicle. The system includes a coolant heat exchanger that receives heat from the engine coolant, an exhaust heat exchanger that receives heat from the engine exhaust and an economizer heat exchanger. A plurality of valves control the flow of the fluid in different modes as determined by a power ratio between the heat provided by the exhaust heat exchanger and the heat provided by the coolant heat exchanger, including an economizer heat exchanger after coolant heat exchanger mode at low power ratios, where the fluid from the pump flows to the economizer heat exchanger after the coolant heat exchanger and an economizer heat exchanger before coolant heat exchanger mode at high power ratios, where the fluid from the pump flows to the economizer heat exchanger before the coolant heat exchanger.
id-US9884538B2    abstract-The present disclosure relates to a turbo compound system for a vehicle which recovers emission gas energy of an engine, and particularly, to a turbo compound system for a vehicle which may recover emission gas energy and provide the energy to various auxiliary devices for a vehicle in various forms. In addition, the present disclosure relates to a turbo compound system for a vehicle in which recovered emission gas energy is transferred directly to auxiliary devices for a vehicle without passing through a crank shaft for a vehicle, thereby preventing deterioration of fuel efficiency or output reduction, and simplifying facility and control.
id-EP2617976A1    abstract-The invention relates to a presidential order (1) and a program (100) using Abluft Warmekraftmaschinengehause (2) (3). Erfindungsgemaß envisaged that the Gehauseabluft shell (2) (3) a Warmekraftmaschine (4), and in particular Gasturbine take (6), as well as in abgefuhrten Gehauseabluft (2) is like an energy on Stoffstrom(8)(other) technology transfer device (9). (11)
id-WO2013130288A1    abstract-An engine exhaust heat recovery system (10) includes an engine exhaust heat conduit (22) that interacts with a two-phase fluid (27) that exists in liquid and gaseous states (39) within a single closed loop. A first heat exchanger (24), which may be a boiler (24), interfaces with and receives heat from the engine exhaust conduit. Exhaust heat energy converts the fluid (27) from the liquid state into the gaseous state (39) for transfer into a heat expander (50) situated downstream of the first heat exchanger (24). The heat expander (50) utilizes the gaseous heat energy to rotate a flywheel (80), and a system of clutches (60, 62) is situated and adapted to permit the flywheel (80) to transfer mechanical energy for subsequent, selective production of work upon demand. In one disclosed embodiment, the heat expander (50) may be a high-speed turbine with a rotary power shaft (52) coupled to a transmission (70) and a plurality of clutches (60, 62) adapted to engage and actuate the flywheel (80).
id-US20150198085A1    abstract-Devices, systems and methods for the preparation of an oxygenate compound or mixture of oxygenate compounds suitable for use in internal combustion engines are disclosed. An internal combustion engine system includes: a fuel system including an oxygenate compound synthesis device including a reactor including a catalyst, the oxygenate compound synthesis device being configured to convert at least a portion of a feedstock to an oxygenate compound or a mixture of oxygenate compounds; and an internal combustion engine configured to initiate combustion through compression or high energy discharge, the internal combustion engine including: a fuel injection system configured to provide fuel injection, and a cooling system configured to cool the internal combustion engine, the internal combustion engine being configured to heat the oxygenate compound synthesis device using heat from the cooling system of the internal combustion engine. Applications of the devices, systems and methods are also disclosed.
id-US20130221668A1    abstract-A unit for producing energy comprising an enclosed housing, a heat producing gas driven engine mounted within the housing, a rotatable device for producing electrical energy mounted within the housing and coupled to the engine for rotatably driving the device, the water-carrying piping coiled around the interior of the housing, the engine, the rotatable device and the piping immersed in oil within the housing, and including a means for circulating the oil in a prescribed path within the housing.
id-US9388766B2    abstract-The invention provides systems and methods for a network of cogenerations systems. In some cases, each system includes at least one cogeneration plant and at least one host facility, where the systems in the network are under the control of a common control system that optimizes a result for the network as a whole. In some cases, each cogeneration system in the network has an individual profile that is used by the control system for controlling that individual cogeneration system. In some cases, one or more of the cogeneration plants is assembled from a set of at least two modular transportable units where the modular units contain sensors that are configured to be ready for transmission of inputs to the common control system with little or no modification when the units are assembled into the final cogeneration plant and actuators or actuator systems that are configured to be ready for reception of outputs from the common control system with little or no modification when the units are assembled into the cogeneration plant.
id-US9581050B2    abstract-A waste heat recovery Rankine cycle system has a first Rankine cycle operated with a first working medium and a second Rankine cycle operated with a second working medium having a lower boiling point than the first working medium, the first Rankine cycle has a second scroll type fluid machine as an expander, a second electric generator, a second condenser, a condensing tank, a second condensing pump, a gas-liquid separation device, a heat exchanger, a low rate regulation valve, and a control device. This structure can drive a generator by a waste heat not only in a first Rankine cycle but also in a second Rankine cycle.
id-US9567941B2    abstract-A waste heat utilization device for a motor vehicle includes a waste heat utilization circuit in which a working medium circulates. The water heat utilization circuit includes a conveying device, an evaporator, an expansion machine, and a condenser. The waste heat utilization device also includes an electrical generator in direct or indirect drive connection with a power take-off shaft of an internal combustion engine. The expansion machine is in direct drive connection with the power take-off shaft of the internal combustion engine for purposes of energy recirculation.
id-WO2013143897A1    abstract-This paper describes a procedure and system (20) for heating a vehicle (10). The form of combustion includes storing the heat of the vehicle (3) in the vehicle (10) in the heat storage room of the vehicle (10). In a hot air bag (1) storing heat, one stored energy is converted into at least one hot air balloon (11-16). Storage of heat (1) and at least one hot water bottle (11-16) are interconnecting and unlocking. In the correlation case, they will consider the heat of at least one heat lamp connected in an hour.
id-WO2013137650A4    abstract-The present invention initiates a grain drying device installed on the combine harvester. 본 invention combine harvester based on the grain drying system using exhaust heat, is linked to the exhaust outlet of the combine harvester, the only exhaust through the hot air from the intake duct with output, the intake of the duct is located, the hot air filters remove harmful ingredients contained in wealth, filter is connected with the ministry of agriculture and Includes an exhaust duct that delivers hot air stripped of harmful ingredients to the combine harvester's grain screening fan.
id-WO2013133174A1    abstract-The aim is to provide a waste heat recovery system for ships that can efficiently recover waste heat regardless of the flow rate of surplus steam. In the waste heat recovery system 1 of a ship, which USES the waste heat from the main machine 100 as a heat source and supplies the steam generated by the steam generator 2 to the steam utilization device 101, multiple scroller fluid machines 3a, 3b, and 3c, which are expansion machines, are connected in parallel and steam utilization is achieved. Surpless steam that is not supplied to device 101 is supplied to scroll fluid machine 3a, 3b and 3c by opening and closing the dividing valves 12a, 12b and 12c set at each scroll fluid machine 3a, 3b and 3c.
id-EP2730755A3    abstract-The invention of the black hole, Druckbehalter (10), used a rotary engine (12), at least two Einlassen Arbeitskammer(32)(13, 15) and two Auslassen (14, 16). With an uberdruckleitung (11), Druckbehalter (10), in combination with Einlassen (13, 15), used a rotary engine (12)angebundenen generator (27) and/or built a rotary engine (12)angebundene Kaltemaschine (24); Fit the device with a rotary engine (12).
id-US9074492B2    abstract-An energy recovery arrangement is disclosed for use with an engine. The energy recovery arrangement may include a closed circuit containing a high-pressure working fluid, a first boiler configured to receive waste heat from a first source on the engine, and a second boiler disposed upstream of the first boiler and configured to receive waste heat from a second source on the engine. The energy recovery arrangement may also include an energy extractor disposed at a location downstream of the first and second boilers, a condenser disposed at a location downstream of the energy extractor, and a pump disposed at a location downstream of the condenser and upstream of the first and second boilers. The energy recovery arrangement may further include a recuperator disposed in parallel with the second boiler and configured to transfer heat from working fluid exiting the extractor to working fluid exiting the pump.
id-WO2013151079A1    abstract-The Rankine cycle device consists of a pump, multiple heat exchangers, an expander, and a condenser forming a working fluid circuit. There are two types of heat exchangers: the upstream heat exchanger, located upstream in the direction of the working fluid from the pump outlet to the expander inlet, and the downstream heat exchanger, located downstream in the direction of the working fluid from the pump outlet to the expander inlet. Including containers. The Rankine cycle device includes the working fluid flow change section, which changes the flow of the working fluid to bypass the upstream heat exchanger, and the exhaust gas flow to bypass the downstream heat exchanger Equipped with at least one of the exhaust gas flow change section to change.
id-WO2013160993A1    abstract-Heat recovery unit 1a includes A heat recovery unit 11 for vaporizing the heat transport medium and A condensation unit 12 for condensing the heat transport medium vaporized by the heat recovery unit 11, and A circular path unit 10 in A vacuum state and branch from the circular path unit 10. At the same time, when it is recognized that the pressure in the circulation path part 10 is higher than the fixed pressure alpha for the same working conditions as the branch path part 20 of the valve 22 that can control the circulation Ecu 40a for the first control unit for opening and closing valve 22.
id-WO2013159299A1    abstract-A waste heat utilization system (100) for an engine, based on the Bratton cycle, comprises: a turbocharger (1), which uses the energy of the exhaust gas from the exhaust path (210) of the engine (200) to supercharge the air entering the turbocharger (1); Control valve (2) for diverting a portion of the air in the intake path (220) to the Brayton circulation path (5); A heat exchanger (3) arranged on the Brayton cycle path (5) for heat exchange between air and exhaust gas in the Brayton cycle path (5); And, a power turbine (4), which is driven by air that passes through a heat exchanger (3). An engine having the waste heat utilization system is also disclosed. By integrating the Brayton cycle with the engine supercharging system, the waste heat utilization system not only simplifies the system structure, but also has convenient and flexible control, which is easy to be implemented on the vehicle engine.
id-US10557380B2    abstract-A system for recycling heat or energy of a working medium of a heat engine for producing mechanical work is described. The system may comprise a first heat exchanger (204) for transferring heat from a working medium output from an energy extraction device (202) to a heating agent to vaporise the heating agent; a second heat exchanger (240) for transferring further heat to the vaporised heating agent; a compressor (231) coupled to the second heat exchanger (240) arranged to compress the further-heated heating agent; and a third heat exchanger (211) for transferring heat from the compressed heating agent to the working medium. A heat pump is also described.
id-US20150083056A1    abstract-A vehicle internal combustion engine arrangement includes an internal combustion reciprocating piston engine, and an exhaust line capable of collecting exhaust gases from the engine, a waste heat recovery system carrying a working fluid in a loop, in which the working fluid is successively compressed, heated in a heat exchanger by at least one engine fluid, and expanded in a first expander, a first compressor located in the exhaust line and mechanically connected to the first expander of the waste heat recovery system.
id-WO2013172293A1    abstract-The waste heat utilization equipment is equipped with Rankine cycle equipment. The Rankine cycle system consists of boiler 1, which exchanges heat between pump, exhaust and working fluid, boiler 2, which exchanges heat between the reflux exhaust and working fluid, and boiler 3, which exchanges heat between the heat medium and working fluid which is lower than the reflux exhaust. And, with an expander, a condenser, and piping. The piping is configured to circulate the working fluid from the pump through the third boiler, the second boiler and the expander to the condenser, and from the pump through the first boiler and the expander to the condenser.
id-US20150107253A1    abstract-An exhaust heat recovery device provided with a Rankine cycle, capable of preventing opportunities for actuating the Rankine cycle from being decreased and capable of efficiently operating the Rankine cycle. An exhaust heat recovery device  1  recovering and using exhaust heat of an engine  10  includes: a Rankine cycle  2  including a heater  22,  an expander  23,  a condenser  24,  and a pump  25;  a bypass flow passage  26  allowing the refrigerant to circulate while bypassing the expander  23;  a bypass valve  27  opening and closing the bypass flow passage  26;  and a control unit  4.  When starting up the Rankine cycle  2,  the control unit  4  executes start-up control of the Rankine cycle  2  in which the pump  25  is actuated with the bypass valve  27  open and then the bypass valve  27  is closed. Furthermore, the control unit  4  repeatedly executes the start-up control when the pressure difference between the high-pressure side and the low-pressure side of the Rankine cycle  2  after closing the bypass valve  27  does not reach the start-up completion determination value within a predetermined time.
id-WO2013167932A1    abstract-The invention concerns an internal combustion engine arrangement for a vehicle, comprising: - an internal combustion engine (2), an intake line (3) capable of carrying intake gases towards the engine (2) and an exhaust line (4) capable of collecting exhaust gases from said engine (2); - a waste heat recovery system (5) carrying a working fluid in a loop, in which said working fluid is successively compressed, heated in a heat exchanger (6) by means of at least one engine fluid, and expanded in a first expander (7); - a first compressor (10) located in said intake line (3), characterized in that the first compressor (10) is mechanically connected to the first expander (7) of the waste heat recovery system (5).
id-US20150176464A1    abstract-An exhaust-heat recovery apparatus includes: a circulation passage, through which a heat carrier circulates, that has a heat recovery unit evaporating the heat carrier and a condenser condensing the evaporated heat carrier; a heat carrier controller that supplies the heat carrier in a liquid phase to the circulation passage; and a determination unit, in which the heat carrier controller supplies or recovers the heat carrier when a changing rate of an internal pressure in the circulation passage or a changing rate of a temperature of the heat carrier in the circulation passage is within a predetermined range, determines a type of abnormality based on the changing rate of the internal pressure in the circulation passage or the changing rate of the temperature of the heat carrier in the circulation passage after the supplying or the recovering of the heat carrier.
id-US20130305703A1    abstract-A power unit for power generation or transportation. The power unit comprises a barrel cam defining first and second planes and a substantially cylindrical body between the first and second planes. Combustion pistons coupled to the barrel cam and longitudinally disposed relative to the barrel cam so that the combustion pistons longitudinally traverse through the first plane during actuation. First Stirling pistons coupled to the barrel cam and longitudinally disposed relative to the barrel cam so that the first Stirling pistons longitudinally traverse through the first plane during actuation. Second Stirling pistons coupled to the barrel cam and longitudinally disposed relative to the barrel cam so that the second Stirling pistons longitudinally traverse through the second plane during actuation, where at least one of the pistons is coupled to the barrel cam so that the barrel cam rotates during actuation of the pistons.
id-US9863365B2    abstract-An improved apparatus supplies gaseous fuel from a liquid state to an internal combustion engine comprising an electrical energy generating apparatus for generating electrical energy from a store of chemical energy. A liquid pumping apparatus for pumping the gaseous fuel in the liquid state includes an energy converter for converting the electrical energy to mechanical energy which drives the liquid pumping apparatus. The liquid pumping apparatus also includes a first heat exchanger for vaporizing the gaseous fuel received from the pumping apparatus and a controller programmed to operate the liquid pumping apparatus to maintain a pressure of the gaseous fuel supplied to the internal combustion engine within a predetermined range.
id-US20130333381A1    abstract-The present invention is an internal-combustion engine, for a motor vehicle, comprising at least one cylinder ( 16 ) with a combustion chamber ( 18 ), an air intake ( 20 ) and a burnt gas exhaust ( 22 ). The engine comprises a heat exchanger ( 28 ) having a Rankine cycle closed loop ( 12 ) and a circuit ( 14 ) for injecting water into the engine intake system.
id-JP2015523536A    abstract-[challenges] improve the evaporator, achieve high efficiency and cost-effective productivity. The gas path (6) leading gas (7) is formed between the two adjacent channel plate configurations (2), and the gas is used to heat the liquid (4) to evaporate. Pass through the evaporator (1) to feed. Each channel plate configuration part (2) is connected with the liquid inlet (8), the steam outlet (9), the liquid inlet (8) and the steam outlet (9), and forms the evaporation channel (12) for the evaporation of the liquid (4), which is rotated repeatedly. It is also known as le (11). Improvement in efficiency can be achieved when the channel (11) has an enlarged cross section in the evaporation zone of the evaporation channel (12) along with the flow direction of the evaporating liquid. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2013188440A1    abstract-At least one embodiment of the invention relates to a cogeneration system configured to be coupled to an electrical input of a building and configured to be coupled to a heating system of a building. The cogeneration system can comprise a generator configured to generate electrical energy. There can be also a fluid output and a fluid input that passes through the generator and configured to absorb heat from the generator. There can also be an electrical output coupled to the electrical input of the building wherein when the generator is operational, the engine creates both heat and electricity. There can also be a processor in communication with the generator, wherein the processor controls when the generator turns on and off based upon the amount of heat needed, the cost of fuel and the existing electrical rates. These costs are obtained using communication with real time rates over the internet.
id-US20160301344A1    abstract-At least one embodiment relates to a cogeneration system configured to be coupled to an electrical input of a building and configured to be coupled to a heating or cooling system of a building. The cogeneration system can comprise a generator configured to generate electrical energy. There can be also a fluid output and a fluid input that passes through the generator and configured to absorb heat from the generator. There can also be an electrical output coupled to the electrical input of the building wherein when the generator is operational, the engine creates both heat and electricity. There can also be a processor in communication with the generator, wherein the processor controls when the generator turns on and off based upon the amount of heat or cooling needed, the cost of fuel and the existing electrical rates. These costs can be obtained using communication with real time rates over the internet.
id-US9702289B2    abstract-A waste heat recovery (WHR) system operates in a reverse mode, permitting using the WHR system to transfer heat to the exhaust gas of an internal combustion engine. In another configuration, a WHR system may operate in two modes. The first mode removes heat from exhaust gas of an engine to perform useful work. The second mode transfers heat to the exhaust gas. The benefit of this flexible system is that a WHR system is adaptable to rapidly heat exhaust gas at startup and during other conditions where the temperature of the exhaust gas is less than a predetermined operating range. Because of the ability to rapidly warm engine exhaust gas, an exhaust gas receiving system, such as an EGR or an aftertreatment system, may function to reduce the emissions of the engine more quickly. Because this system is reversible, it retains the capability of a conventional WHR system.
id-WO2014021497A1    abstract-This invention is vehicle utilizing surplus array device and the workspace, as more detail about possible is good in transport vehicle to install multiple heat storage unit, transport vehicle is generated from an array, and then to store this stored heat storage unit to be used in transport and mounted in 사용대상 by, 사용대상 through thermal storage unit in open in time for use and energy demand to so they can be used in a variety of Settings, and use complete heat storage unit is mounted again onto the transport vehicle to recharge your batteries so that you can use a vehicle utilizing surplus array devices, and on the workspace.
id-JP2014016115A    abstract-[problem] to provide Rankine cycle equipment that can ensure the reliability of the expander and pump and can increase the mechanical energy output in the expander as much as possible. The Rankine cycle device 10 includes the first pressure sensor 72, which detects the low-pressure side pressure of the working fluid from the outlet of the expander 20 to the inlet of the pump 40. In addition, in the working fluid circuit 11, bypass path 71 is set at one end connected to the first channel 21 and the other end connected to the third channel 23, so that bypass path 71 flows through bypass path 71 and heat exchanger 50. The flow adjustment valve 71a for changing the amount is set. The control unit 75 then controls the high-pressure side pressure by changing the bypass flow of the working fluid from the first channel 21 to the third channel 23. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-EP2700794A2    abstract-An exhaust system designed for connection to a combustion engine of a motor vehicle, which system comprises a catalytic converter (12) and a heat exchanger (13) arranged in a flow path for exhaust gases from the engine to an outlet to the surroundings of the vehicle. The arrangement comprises means (14) for defining at least two alternative flow paths for exhaust gases from the engine to the outlet, a first with the heat exchanger (13) arranged downstream of the catalytic converter (12) and a second with the heat exchanger (13) arranged upstream of the catalytic converter (12). The determination as to which of said alternative flow paths the exhaust gases are to be conducted in is made on the basis of a measured operating parameter of the exhaust system.
id-US9726441B2    abstract-A cogeneration power plant and a method for operating a cogeneration power plant are provided, with a working medium being additionally cooled by a suitable heat pump between an outlet of a thermal heating device and an inlet of a power generator of the cogeneration process. The thermal power obtained in this manner is again available for heating purposes within the heat cycle.
id-US9157359B2    abstract-Technologies are generally described for recovery of energy from engines. The described technology may be applied to systems, methods, and/or apparatuses. An example exhaust energy recovery apparatus ( 50 ) may include at least one thermal to electrical energy conversion element ( 60 ) having at least one side for thermal coupling along a substantial length ( 34, 35, 36 ) of an exhaust duct ( 30 ) for a combustion engine. The example apparatus ( 50 ) may also include a cover ( 52 ) located over at least a portion of the exhaust duct ( 30 ) adjacent to the at least one energy conversion element ( 60 ). A channel ( 53 ) may be formed between the cover ( 52 ) and an exterior portion of the exhaust duct ( 30 ), the channel having at least one inlet ( 54, 56 ) for admission of cooling fluid.
id-WO2014049344A2    abstract-A thermal store (100) has a heat storage unit (1) with a heat storage medium (2), a first heat exchange system (3) through which a high temperature fluid can be passed to transfer heat to the heat storage medium, and a second heat exchange system (28) for transferring heat from the heat storage medium to a target. The second heat exchange system includes a conductive heat transfer element (8) and a fluid circuit (11, fig. 9) for a heat transfer fluid operatively connected with the conductive heat transfer element (8). The thermal store has a control system (110, Fig. 9) operative to selectively change the second heat exchange system (28) between a conductive heat transfer configuration and a non-conductive heat transfer configuration. The control system may be operative to regulate the thermal store in order to ensure safe operation and to move the store between heat storage and heat transfer modes.
id-US10030613B2    abstract-A method for supplying gaseous fuel from a liquid state to an internal combustion engine includes employing a second internal combustion engine as a source of energy, pumping the gaseous fuel in the liquid state by transforming energy from the source of energy into mechanical work for the pumping, exchanging waste heat from the second internal combustion engine in a first heat exchange fluid circulating through the second internal combustion engine to a second heat exchange fluid, vaporizing the gaseous fuel pumped from the liquid state with heat from the second heat exchange fluid, and delivering the gaseous fuel vaporized from the liquid state to the internal combustion engine. Pressure of the gaseous fuel delivered to the internal combustion engine is maintained within a predetermined range of tolerance by the pumping.
id-JP2014076783A    abstract-[challenges] the aim of this project is to provide a hull resistance reduction system and a method to reduce hull resistance, which can use exhaust gas energy to compress air bubbles and provide a stable supply to the underwater surface. The main engine 1, the exhaust turbine compressor 20, which directs a part of the exhaust gas from the main engine 1, and the discharge nozzle 24, which directs the compressed air from the exhaust turbine compressor 20 to the outer surface of the hull in the water of the ship. The air turbine compressor 20 USES the exhaust turbine 20b rotationally driven by the guided exhaust gas, the compressor 20a that compresses the air by obtaining the rotating driving force of the exhaust turbine 20b, and the power generation and compression of the exhaust turbine 20b. It is characterized by having an electric generator 21 for auxiliary power of the sa 20a. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US9998036B2    abstract-A device for generating a movement is provided. The device has at least one magnet and a material that is arranged in the proximity of the magnet or in the magnet. The magnet exerts an attractive force on the material. The attractive force of the magnet is weakened by thermal action on at least one region of the material. The material is preferably not in superconductive state during the thermal action. Preferably, the material also has paramagnetic properties prior to the thermal action but diamagnetic properties after the thermal action. Also preferably, the device generates a circular movement.
id-US8839614B2    abstract-A thermoelectric generator for a vehicle is mounted at an exhaust pipe and produces electricity using a temperature difference between the exhaust gas and coolant. The generator includes: a housing; thermoelectric modules mounted at an outer circumferential surface of the housing; a plurality of coolant tubes mounted so as to closely attach the thermoelectric module to the housing; first coolant containers mounted at both ends of the coolant tubes, respectively; and second coolant containers mounted at both ends of the coolant tubes, respectively. The coolant tubes are assembled to the first and second coolant containers as a modularized type, and thus assemblability may be improved and partial replacement of components in case of breakdown may be easily performed. In the coolant tube of the present invention, heat exchange is concentratedly performed at a portion in contact with the thermoelectric module, and thus generation efficiency may be more improved.
id-EP2913487A1    abstract-An electricity generation unit 1A includes a combustor 11, a heater 13, and a Rankine cycle circuit 20. The combustor 11 combusts a solid fuel. A combustion gas generated in the combustor 11 passes through a flue 12. The heater 13 contains a heat storage material, and heats the heat storage material by allowing heat exchange to take place between the combustion gas in the flue 12 and the heat storage material. The Rankine cycle circuit 20 has an evaporator 21 that evaporates a working fluid in the Rankine cycle by allowing heat exchange to take place between the heat storage material heated in the heater 13 and the working fluid. With this configuration, stable operation of an electricity generation unit using a combustion gas of a solid fuel is achieved.
id-US20150143806A1    abstract-Provided is a consumer to industrial scale renewable energy based quintuple-generation systems and energy storage facility. The present invention has both mobile and stationary embodiments. The present invention includes energy recovery, energy production, energy processing, pyrolysis, byproduct process utilization systems, separation process systems and handling and storage systems, as well as an open architecture for integration and development of additional processes, systems and applications. The system of the present invention primarily uses adaptive metrics, biometrics and thermal imaging sensory analysis (including additional input sensors for analysis) for monitoring and control with the utilization of an integrated artificial intelligence and automation control system, thus providing a balanced, environmentally-friendly ecosystem.
id-US9140209B2    abstract-A waste heat recovery (WHR) system connects a working fluid to fluid passages formed in an engine block and/or a cylinder head of an internal combustion engine, forming an engine heat exchanger. The fluid passages are formed near high temperature areas of the engine, subjecting the working fluid to sufficient heat energy to vaporize the working fluid while the working fluid advantageously cools the engine block and/or cylinder head, improving fuel efficiency. The location of the engine heat exchanger downstream from an EGR boiler and upstream from an exhaust heat exchanger provides an optimal position of the engine heat exchanger with respect to the thermodynamic cycle of the WHR system, giving priority to cooling of EGR gas. The configuration of valves in the WHR system provides the ability to select a plurality of parallel flow paths for optimal operation.
id-US20140144136A1    abstract-A combined internal combustion engine and waste heat recovery system is provided. The combined internal combustion engine and waste heat recovery system comprises the internal combustion engine, the waste heat recovery system, and a ratio adapting device. The internal combustion engine includes a turbocharger. The waste heat recovery system comprises a condenser, a pump, a heat exchanger, and an expander. The expander is in driving engagement with the turbocharger. The ratio adapting device is drivingly engaged with an output of the internal combustion engine and the expander of the waste heat recovery system. The ratio adapting device may be engaged to transfer energy from at least one of the turbocharger and the expander to the output of the internal combustion engine.
id-EP2735833A3    abstract-The invention relates to a carburetor, which is a partially or wholly liquid flow carburetor, in particular a steam medium in a steam cycle, with a gas carrier on the main side; Use Sekundarseite Flussigkeitsstrom and a Dampfstrom filled with enthusiasm from Flussigkeitsstrom across components The Warmetrager data is used for simultaneous Primarseite for the first Stromungskanal for the gas Warmetrager, from the Warmetragereinlass Warmetragerauslass story, or many first for gas Stromungskanalen Warmetrager. The stromungsleitend will be separated or the stromungsleitend will be joined basically parallel to each other along a Langsachse Verdampfers, a common Warmetragereinlass and a joint Warmetragerauslass; Parallel to the second Stromungskanal Sekundarseite one or many about Durchstromung Flussigkeitsstrom and/or Dampfstrom geschaltete the second Stromungskanale. The shared liquid inhalation method was also invented which marks the management of a third Stromungskanal in Sekundarseite or a third Stromungskanale with the same symptoms in a parallel geschaltete in Durchstromung, or in a Kuhlmediumstrom Kuhlmediumeinlass leads to a common Kuhlmediumauslass and/with a Primarseite warmeubertragender connect/station for gas Warmetrager cooling.
id-EP2733339A1    abstract-The purpose of this invention is to design a device that can maximize the use of thermal energy to improve the efficiency of the reactor. In order to solve this problem erfindungsgemaßs field Kuhlkreislauf Brennkraftmaschine book Brennkraftmaschine The Abgasenergieruckgewinnungskreislauf is related to each other by an open or closed Zwischensystem, forming Verdichtungsstufe included by the heat contained in the Abgas Brennkraftmaschine.
