id-US9021808B2    abstract-A Rankine cycle waste heat recovery system associated with an internal combustion engine is in a configuration that enables handling of exhaust gas recirculation (EGR) gas by using the energy recovered from a Rankine cycle waste heat recovery system. The system includes a control module for regulating various function of the internal combustion engine and its associated systems along with the Rankine cycle waste heat recovery system.
id-US20200263601A1    abstract-A waste heat recovery (WHR) system and method for regulating exhaust gas recirculation (EGR) cooling is described. More particularly, a Rankine cycle WHR system and method is described, including an arrangement to improve the precision of EGR cooling for engine efficiency improvement and thermal management.
id-JP2012154203A    abstract-[challenges] in a cogeneration system that supplies electricity and heat with a conventional prime motor, it is impossible to meet the demand for electricity and heat, including high grade heat, as much as possible without excess or shortage within the system, which increases energy costs. There was a problem. [solution] equipped with heat-driven heat pump 3 and heat-driven heat pump assisted electric drive heat pump 4, the generated power e from the gas engine 5 compensates the heat demand Dh of the cogeneration system 1. Controller 44 for power control is provided so that the required power De2 for driving the electric drive heat pump 4 and the balanced power eb, which is the sum of the power demand De1 of the cogeneration system 1. Select diagram: figure 3
id-WO2012093067A2    abstract-The invention relates to a device for some kind of generator (100). The power generation unit (100) includes a No. 10 internal combustion engine unit responsible for the rotation of one shaft (33). The internal combustion engine is silent. The above device (100) includes an rc device (2), which transmits heat energy on the base of an internal combustion engine (10), and a steam turbine (20). The device (100) is equipped with an electric motor (21) driven by a generator, 40 charged, and is associated with a wave conversion (33).
id-JP2012177094A    abstract-We provide heat storage materials that can recover and store heat energy such as waste heat energy and sunlight, and heat utilization systems using them. [solution] the complex compounds shown in equation (I) (where R, R 'is an alkyl or aryl group with a carbon number of 1-18, etc.) A, B, C, D, A ', B ', C ', and D 'contain hydrogen or aryl rings with neighbors. [selection diagram] not available
id-US20130298538A1    abstract-To effectively utilize exhaust heat of an engine mounted on a vehicle. An exhaust heat utilization system includes a working fluid heating tank ( 11 ) mounted on a truck ( 10 ) driven by an engine ( 12 ) and configured to heat a working fluid ( 30 ) stored therein with exhaust heat of the engine ( 12 ) and a heater ( 26 ) configured to heat a greenhouse ( 25 ) with the working fluid ( 30 ) heated by the working fluid heating tank ( 11 ). Exhaust heat recovered from the truck ( 10 ) is utilized for the heating of the greenhouse ( 25 ).
id-WO2012100897A3    abstract-It is proposed to use a charger, bring back the road (4), and use it. In the main circuit (4), there is a holding ring (6), at least one water heater (8), an expansion machine (10) and a condensing vessel (12), and an operating medium is run in the main circuit (4). Due to the water flow direction of the built-in medium, the base has a high water pressure behind the base (6) and also the same water flow direction on the south side of the "base" (6). The hydraulic connection (32) is responsible for replacing the liquid carrier (12) between the heating switch (8) and the condenser.
id-US8707914B2    abstract-A waste heat recovery system connects a working fluid into passages formed within an internal combustion engine. The fluid passages transport the working fluid to high temperature areas of the engine, raising the temperature of the working fluid near the phase change point or above the phase change point. The heated working fluid drives an energy conversion portion located downstream from the engine. The heat absorbed by the working fluid decreases the load on an engine cooling system as well as driving an energy conversion portion, improving fuel efficiency.
id-WO2012107977A1    abstract-The Marine power generation system (100) should be equipped with a storage battery (5) electrically connected to the generator (4), and the power generated by the generator (4) by waste heat when the load of the main engine (1) is in the high load range and the room temperature of the engine is the reference temperature should be continuously generated inside the ship. Electricity that can be generated by the generator (4) by waste heat is larger than the essential continuous power (WC) and less than the total demand (WT) that is generated by the amount of temporary and additional power (WA) added to the relevant continuous power (WC). The storage battery (5) is charged with the surplus power generated by the generator (4) when it exceeds the need, and the storage battery (5) is discharged to assist the drive of the generator (4) when the power generated by the generator (4) due to waste heat falls below the onboard power demand. .
id-WO2012107177A1    abstract-The invention relates to the operation of hospital power stations, especially gas plants, for generating electricity; The internal combustion engine carries the internal combustion engine, it is common to give people the internal combustion engine, and the exhaust gas, this way is used to calculate the emissions of the internal combustion engine; An electricity-generating engine driven by an internal combustion engine, connected to or connected to the grid to transmit the generated electricity to a generator vehicle; The use of internal combustion engines in internal combustion engines simultaneously has Dampfkreislauf through an Arbeitsmedium Speisepumpe umgewalzt which is envisaged to be fully heated by one in the Abgasstrom control. Power system partial or complete components Abgasstromes Arbeitsmediums come to Arbeitsmedium to infect also fully create Kondensator, in which Arbeitsmedium partially or completely condenses. A feature of this invention is the design of a Hubble mechanical index in the steam cycle, showing that the speed of the furnace expands as the mechanical operation contracts, and the furnace mechanical index automatically connects the internal combustion engine and/or the electric generator.
id-US20130306004A1    abstract-A cooling system  1 A includes an internal combustion engine  10 , a pump  31 , a radiator  32 , a main passage section  41 , a stirling engine  20 , a branch passage section  43  branching from the main passage section  41  at a first connection point P 1  and joining a downstream part of the main passage section  41  from the first connection point P 1  at a second connection point P 2 , and a thermostat  33 . The first connection point P 1  and the second connection point P 2  are provided in a part of the main passage section  41  between the radiator  32  and the pump  31 . The thermostat  33  is provided in another part of the main passage section  41  between the first connection point P 1  and the second connection point P 2.
id-US20120199570A1    abstract-An apparatus and method for heating a defined space uses an engine to generate the heat required. The heating system includes a tank for heating liquid. A liquid coolant system has conduits which extend between the engine and the tank. A first respective conduit supplies coolant liquid from the tank to the engine and a second respective conduit supplies liquid which has been drawn through the engine and heated to the tank. An exhaust transfer system has an exhaust conduit which extends from the engine to the tank. A heating element is located in the tank to provide a supplemental heat source. Heating conduits extend from the tank to the space to be heated. The liquid coolant system, the exhaust transfer system and the heating element cooperate to heat the liquid in the tank quickly, thereby minimizing run time of the engine and increasing the efficiency of the heating system.
id-US8613193B2    abstract-When a detection value of a temperature sensor exceeds a set temperature, an ECU increases an opening of a sub-port by controlling a solenoid valve, and as a result, an intake volume of an expander increases. The ECU then adjusts the mass flow rate of a coolant flowing through a boiler so that a detection value of a pressure sensor indicates a pressure as close as possible to an upper limit pressure, on condition that an upper limit temperature is not exceeded.
id-US9109532B2    abstract-In an internal combustion engine having a system for utilizing the waste heat from the internal combustion engine via the Clausius-Rankine cycle, a system includes a circuit having lines with a working medium, a working medium pump, a vaporizer-exhaust gas heat exchanger, and a vaporizer-EGR heat exchanger, an expander, and a condenser for liquefying the vaporous working medium. The line for the working medium is run from the condenser to the vaporizer-EGR heat exchanger so that the working medium, after flowing through the condenser, first flows through the vaporizer-EGR heat exchanger, and the line for the working medium is run from the vaporizer-EGR heat exchanger to the vaporizer-exhaust gas heat exchanger so that the working medium, after flowing through the vaporizer-EGR heat exchanger, first flows through the vaporizer-exhaust gas heat exchanger.
id-US9163530B2    abstract-The invention relates to a method for operating a steam cycle process for using the heat of an internal combustion engine ( 2 ), comprising a conduction circuit ( 4 ) in which a working medium circulates. Said conduction circuit ( 4 ) comprises at least one pump ( 6, 13 ), at least one heat exchanger ( 8 ), an expansion machine ( 10 ), a feedwater tank ( 14 ) for storing the liquid working medium, and a condenser ( 12 ). Components of the conduction circuit ( 4 ) are frost-proofed by partially evacuating the liquid working medium. After the end of the circulation of the working medium, at least one of the pumps ( 6, 13 ) continues to operate in order to evacuate the working medium at least from the pump ( 6, 13 ) which continues to operate.
id-US10193049B2    abstract-A thermoelectric generator unit, in particular for coupling to an exhaust gas pipe of an internal combustion engine, comprises at least one inner tube (16) having gas flowing therein and whose outer circumference comprises at least one flat portion (24). An oval outer housing (12) completely surrounds the inner tube (16) in circumferential direction. A plurality of thermoelectric modules (14) are arranged on the flat portions (24) of the inner tube (16). At least one cooling element (18) is provided which comprises a flat side on which the thermoelectric modules (14) are arranged. The assembly unit made up of inner tube (16), thermoelectric modules (14) and cooling element (18) is surrounded by an elastic compensation element (20) which rests on the inner side of the outer housing (12) and is retained in the outer housing (12) by means of clamping.
id-US20120241121A1    abstract-When performing heat storage in a heat storage container accommodating a plurality of kinds of heat storage materials with different melting points, heat storage in the heat storage materials is performed such that a higher melting point heat storage material is in a latent heat storage state as much as possible. In other words, heat storage in the heat storage materials is performed in such a manner that the heat storage materials are in the latent heat storage state in which heat can be stored most effectively. In addition, when performing heat release from the heat storage container to heat coolant water in a circulation circuit, heat release is performed from the heat storage material in the sensible heat storage state as a priority, out of the heat storage materials. Accordingly, heat release from the heat storage container in the heat storage state is performed in such a manner that the heat storage materials are maintained in latent heat storage state for as a long period of time as possible. When heat release from the heat storage container is performed in this manner, the heat storage materials can be kept in the latent heat storage state for as a long period of time as possible. As in the foregoing, the heat storage container can be kept in the heat storage state for a long period of time.
id-WO2012125156A1    abstract-A cooling system for an exhaust gas recirculation assembly comprises a first exhaust gas recirculation cooler, a second exhaust gas recirculation cooler, a heat recovery turbine, a first coolant pump, a second coolant pump and a pressure regulator. The second exhaust gas recirculation cooler is upstream in the exhaust system of the first exhaust gas recirculation cooler, and receives the coolant from the first exhaust gas recirculation cooler. The heat recovery turbine is in fluid communication with coolant from the second exhaust gas recirculation cooler. The first coolant pump controls flow through the first exhaust gas recirculation cooler. The second coolant pump controls flow through the second exhaust gas recirculation cooler and the heat recovery turbine. The pressure regulator is disposed downstream of the first cooler and upstream of the second coolant pump. A portion of the coolant supplied to the second coolant pump passes through the first coolant pump.
id-JP2012188932A    abstract-[problem] we provide a cogeneration system that can prevent exhaust gas from escaping from the housing to the house. In the cogeneration device 10, water is directed from the outside of the cogeneration case 11 into the cogeneration case 11 through the water stream unit 85. The guided water is generated into hot water by the heat exchanger 17, and the generated hot water is generated into the water stream unit 85. The hot water is directed to engine 14, and the hot water through engine 14 is directed to the cogeneration case 11 through water channel unit 85. The co-generation device 10 is arranged in the airtight chamber 12, which is set in the cogeneration case 11 to prevent the outflow of exhaust gas, and in the airtight chamber 12, in the water stream unit 85, to release the exhaust gas contained in the water stream unit 85 into the airtight chamber. Equipped with a possible relief valve 93. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2012125155A1    abstract-An internal combustion engine comprises an exhaust system, an air intake system, an exhaust gas recirculation portion, and a heat recovery turbine. The exhaust gas recirculation portion has a first cooler, a second cooler, and an exhaust gas recirculation valve. The exhaust gas recirculation portion is disposed in fluid communication with the exhaust system and the air intake system. The heat recovery turbine is in fluid communication with coolant passing through the first cooler and the second cooler of the exhaust gas recirculation portion. The second cooler has a top surface and a bottom surface. The second cooler has an inlet port disposed proximate the top surface, a first outlet port disposed proximate the bottom surface, and a second outlet port disposed proximate the top surface.
id-US9279623B2    abstract-A device having a heat exchanger includes a housing having an inlet and an outlet for a fluid and an inner tube having a first end face extending in axial direction, an opposite second end face and a circumferential surface having openings. A plurality of heat exchanger tubes is disposed parallel to the axial direction on the outside of the circumferential surface. The housing encloses the heat exchanger tubes and the inner tube and the inlet is fluidically connected to the first end face. Guide elements are disposed between the heat exchanger tubes so that the fluid entering the inner tube through the first end face flows out across the heat exchanger tubes in radial direction starting from the inner tube. The device is used particularly for constructing a thermoelectric generator for positioning in the underbody of a motor vehicle. A motor vehicle having the device is also provided.
id-US9127894B2    abstract-A device having a heat exchanger includes a housing having a first end side and a second end side disposed along an axial direction, an inlet at the first end side and an outlet at the second end side for a fluid, a first annular channel connected to the inlet and a second annular channel upstream of the outlet, at least one outer jacket tube and at least one inner jacket tube disposed mutually concentrically and defining an intermediate space therebetween, a plurality of flow paths for the fluid extending in the axial direction in the intermediate space and interconnecting the first channel and the second channel, and at least one heat exchanger tube disposed in each of the plurality of flow paths. A motor vehicle having the device is also provided.
id-US9010118B2    abstract-An output controller for a stirling engine is provided in a cooling system that causes common cooling water to flow through both the stirling engine and an internal combustion engine serving as a motive power source other than the stirling engine. The output controller for the stirling engine includes a temperature adjustment portion that adjusts a temperature of the cooling water supplied to the stirling engine. Specifically, the temperature adjustment portion includes a temperature adjustment valve capable of adjusting the temperature of the cooling water supplied to the stirling engine by switchably setting at least one of partial cooling paths and into a communication state.
id-WO2012140172A2    abstract-An expander (201) is provided for converting waste energy into useful work and has a housing (202) having a pair of components (241, 242) having a fluid passageway (203) and a piston (204) continuously moving along the fluid passageway (203). The fluid passageway (203) has a periodically open inlet (205) for periodically communicating a working fluid into the fluid passageway (203) behind a portion of the piston (204). The fluid passageway (203) has an exhaust outlet (206) for communicating the spent working fluid out of the fluid passageway (203) in front of a portion of the piston (204). The expander (201) has a gate (207) disposed in the fluid passageway (203) between the exhaust outlet (206) and the periodically open inlet (205) for sealing the fluid passageway there between. The gate (207) and the piston (204) are adapted for allowing a portion of the piston (204) to pass through the gate (207).
id-WO2012143114A3    abstract-The car (100) is equipped with an internal combustion engine (10) and an electric generator (12) voluntarily installed on the car (200) or house (300). Their greatest kindness is not only the car (12) telegraph or the house (300) installed on their house, but also the installation of heat and electricity. Similarly, the portable plug-in (100) is provided with at least one interface (32) to transport heat.
id-US8302399B1    abstract-The present application and the resultant patent provide a waste heat recovery system for recovering heat from a number of turbocharger stages. The waste heat recovery system may include a simple organic rankine cycle system and a number of charge air coolers in communication with the turbocharger stages and the simple organic rankine cycle system. The charge air coolers are positioned in a number of parallel branches of the simple organic rankine cycle system.
id-EP2522844A2    abstract-The present invention provides a Rankine cycle apparatus that is mounted in a vehicle and includes a Rankine cycle circuit and a refrigeration cycle circuit. The Rankine cycle circuit and the refrigeration cycle circuit each include a condenser for cooling a corresponding type of working fluid and a receiver, which is connected to the condenser. The two condensers are arranged side by side in the upward-downward direction and each have a first end and a second end in the vehicle width direction. A first receiver, which is one of the receivers, is arranged outward of the first end in the vehicle width direction. A second receiver, which is the other one of the receivers, is located outward of the second end in the vehicle width direction.
id-US20120312503A1    abstract-The present invention overcomes several disadvantages inherent in the operation of heat generating systems, particularly in the operation of engine-generators sets. The present apparatuses and methods increase the efficiency of these systems and provide means to economize fuel in their operation. The present invention applies to many type of engines and engines set combinations, but particularly to engine generator sets that run on fuels. Heat generating systems such as an engine-generator set are immersed in a medium similar, but not necessarily equal to, one used on oil cooled or liquid filled electrical transformers with high thermal conductivity and a high voltage rating. The medium in the unit recovers wasted heat (thermal energy). The heat recovered is transferred with a heat transfer unit or heat exchanger and utilized directly, as useful energy, for many purposes, such as heating, or cooling with the use of absorption or adsorption chillers.
id-EP2527635A3    abstract-The invention relates to an energy recovery system that recovers energy from the waste heat of an internal combustion engine.
id-WO2012152602A1    abstract-Serious serious effects using an intermediary center (4) there is an intermediary in the circuit. The water supply pipe (4) comprises an insulator (6), at least one thermal regulator (8), an expander (10), a drinking water container (14) for the storage of liquid, and a container (12) in which a water bottle (14) is connected to the "drinking water" (6) through a pipe (29). The "esophagus" (6) has a return pipe (30) connected to the liquid carrier of the latter (6).
id-WO2012159817A1    abstract-A modified crank (18) with a long time crank (41) that is not parallel to the crank (18) and has at least two pulleys (19). A bell (17) to guide people, forming motion on the bell (19); There is also a large pillar surrounding the hour (17), which is often in contact with a pale worm (19), and a camp (40) between the Jianxia stone (20) and the pillar of the sky (17); 42) Allow the wall stone (20) to rotate the crankshaft shaft (17). The spherical stone (20) is trained to fly around its axis (18) under 30 microscopes (19) during control of its movement (17).
id-WO2012155260A1    abstract-There is discloses an injection molding system (160) that comprises a drive (108) for actuating a component of the injection molding system; an internal combustion engine (190), the internal combustion engine (190) being directly mechanically coupled to the drive (108); a heat-driven component; a waste heat recovery sub-system (194) configured to recover waste heat from the internal combustion engine (190) and to re-use the so-recovered waste heat for operating the heat-driven component to perform at least one injection molding function.
id-US20120298079A1    abstract-An engine system in which the fuel source is vaporized by the heat of the exhaust pipe of the engine prior to being introduced into the combustion chamber of the engine system. This vaporization of the fuel source prior to combustion allows for the disclosed engine to utilize anything as a fuel source that can be ignited in a vaporized form, even that, if not vaporized prior to ignition, would not be a possible combustible fuel source.
id-US20120298078A1    abstract-A method of using fuel in transportation means comprises: (a) providing a heat treatment unit in the transportation means, the heat treatment unit including a through pipe provided with an inlet and an outlet at two end thereof; (b) providing a heat source for the heat treatment unit capable of supplying the through pipe with heat; (c) connecting a fuel tank of the transportation means to the inlet of the through pipe in the heat treatment unit; and (d) connecting an engine of the transportation means to the outlet of the through pipe in the heat treatment unit; whereby fuel contained in the fuel tank is fed through the heat treatment unit to enter the engine, the fuel can be vaporized in the through pipe by the heat source before entering the engine to facilitate fuel vaporization so that fuel consumption and carbon emission can be reduced.
id-US9051851B2    abstract-A method and an apparatus recover heat and convert the heat into mechanical power in a drive system for motor vehicles. A working medium carried in a working medium circuit is evaporated by an evaporator integrated into the working medium circuit by waste heat from an internal combustion engine. The vapor generated is fed to an expansion machine coupled to the internal combustion engine, and the exhaust vapor from the expansion machine is then converted back into the liquid phase in at least one condenser. Accordingly at least one valve, which can be subjected to control by a control device, and a vapor accumulator are integrated into the working medium circuit downstream of the evaporator such that the vapor generated is fed into the vapor accumulator. The vapor stored in the vapor accumulator is fed back at least in part into the working medium circuit to drive the expansion machine.
id-US20130139507A1    abstract-A system for converting thermal energy from combusting fuel and air into work under an isochoric process. A reciprocating heat engine creates a cycle delay after combustion to enable sufficient time for thermal compression to occur within the working gas and within a constant volume to maximize thermal compression. A secondary engine also includes a cycle delay to maximize thermal compression of a working gas by recovering waste heat from the exhaust of the primary heat engine and converting a percentage of that heat energy into work. System cooling is accomplished under a thermodynamic cycle with heat from a liquid medium, such as water, passing through the internal combustion engine block or heat exchanger being conserved and applied to useful auxiliaries, such as residential hot water heating, baseboard heating, radiant floor heating.
id-JP2012251516A    abstract-[issues] reduce the heating time of the heat engine and avoid the decrease in the efficiency of waste heat recovery. The Rankine cycle circuit 13 is composed of expander 31, heat exchanger 47, condenser 49, pump 41 and boiler 42. The high temperature and high pressure refrigerant heated in boiler 42 is introduced into expander 31 through supply channel 46. A heat exchanger 47 is arranged downstream of the expander 31. A condenser 49 is arranged downstream of the heat exchanger 47. The low-pressure refrigerant expanded by the expander 31 is transmitted to the condenser 49 via the heat exchanger 47. Heat exchanger 47 has heat release section 471 and heat absorption section 472. The discharge path 48 and the connection path 50 are connected through the heat release section 471. The heat absorbing part 422 is arranged on the branch flow path 521 of the cooling water circulation path 52 connected to the engine 12. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20140183863A1    abstract-A novel heat exchange device to provide sufficient amounts of heat within a manifold including a working fluid within heating coils to generate electricity through an external combustion steam engine and electrical generator is provided. Such a novel heat exchanger includes coils that surround a central heating compartment thereby exposing such coils to gradually increasing temperatures such that the working fluid is first vaporized and then is ultimately superheated to a “dry” steam upon the point of egress of the heat exchanger leading to the engine portion. In this manner, greater efficiency in heating of the working fluid is accomplished with all of the fluid converted to a gas under pressure to effectuate the necessary engine, etc., movement for energy production.
id-US20120312015A1    abstract-A thermoelectric hydrogen hybrid vehicle for use with fossil fuel, the thermoelectric hydrogen hybrid vehicle has a closed loop steam engine. The steam engine's boiler is a high temperature electrolysis unit. Inside the internal combustion engines exhaust heat is directly funneled into heating the high temperature electrolysis boiler. The steam engines electrical current generated through an alternator is then stored in a battery bank and then used for sustained current for electrolysis in the high temperature electrolysis boiler. Furthermore a braking mechanism is hooked up to the alternator for electrical generation when braking to be stored in a battery bank which is then used for electrolysis.
id-WO2012169375A1    abstract-The waste heat recovery device recovers the waste heat generated by the combustion engine that outputs the driving force of the rotation. The first heat exchanger transfers the heat from the cooling fluid that cools the combustion engine to the refrigerant. The second heat exchanger transfers the heat of the exhaust gas discharged from the combustion engine to the refrigerant. The expander is coupled to the combustion engine so that the driving force is transmitted from the combustion engine. The bypass refrigerant channel diverges from the refrigerant channel and bypasses the primary heat exchanger. The refrigerant flow adjustment unit adjusts the refrigerant flow in the bypass refrigerant flow path. The temperature detector detects the refrigerant temperature in the refrigerant channel upstream of the expander. The control department controls the flow adjustment status of the refrigerant flow adjustment department according to the detection information of the temperature detection department.
id-US20140202134A1    abstract-A method for controlling a heat recovery device in an internal combustion engine, in particular, for a motor vehicle. The heat recovery device is provided with a circuit for a working medium having an evaporator of an expansion machine that is arranged in an exhaust gas flow path of the internal combustion engine, a condensor, an expansion tank, and a feed pump. The working temperature of the working medium is controlled by varying the mass flow of the working fluid as a function of at least one operating parameter. A setpoint value of the working medium mass flow of an exhaust gas flow path of an exhaust gas tract and/or an exhaust gas recirculation line is calculated on the basis of a base setpoint value for the working medium mass flow. The base setpoint value for the working medium mass flow is at least a function of the exhaust gas temperature, preferably upstream of the evaporator, and of the exhaust gas mass flow in the exhaust gas flow path.
id-WO2013008613A1    abstract-The waste heat recovery unit consists of a heat exchanger, an expander, an air-cooled condenser, a pressure transmission unit, an outside air temperature detector, a pressure detector, a radiating amount adjustment unit and a control unit. The heat exchanger transfers the waste heat from the heat engine to the refrigerant. The expansion machine expands the refrigerant to generate the driving force. The condenser dissipates heat from the refrigerant passing through the expander to the atmosphere. The compressor transfers the refrigerant through the condenser to the heat exchanger. The pressure detector detects the pressure of the refrigerant downstream of the expander and upstream of the compressor. The heat release adjustment unit adjusts the heat release of the condenser. The control part controls the heat release adjustment state of the heat release adjustment part. The control unit sets the target condensation pressure based on the outside air temperature detected by the outside air temperature detection unit, and controls the heat release adjustment unit so that the pressure detected by the pressure detection unit becomes the target condensation pressure.
id-US20140208738A1    abstract-An engine protection system and methods for preventing intake condensation are disclosed. In a system and various of the methods, an exhaust gas recirculation (EGR) valve is positioned within an EGR passage fluidly connecting an engine exhaust stream and an engine intake stream, while a waste heat recovery (WHR) system is used to recover heat from the EGR stream. An engine control unit (ECU) is coupled to various sensors and valves to divert working fluid from the WHR system from cooling the EGR exhaust flow below a level which favors production of condensation in the engine intake system. The ECU operates to divert working fluid flow when sensors indicate characteristics of either the exhaust flow or the intake stream which might lead to heavy condensation. A three-way valve is also used to divert the working fluid to a variable expansion valve fluidly coupled to the three-way valve in response to a signal from one of the sensors to prevent damage to the system turbine.
id-WO2013025353A1    abstract-A cogeneration machine with an oil and filter change feature is disclosed in which oil and/or the oil filters of a reciprocating engine in cogeneration equipment may be changed without turning off the engine,
id-US9441503B2    abstract-A waste heat utilization apparatus is provided with a Rankine cycle and a power transmission mechanism that transmits power regenerated by an expander to an engine. The power transmission mechanism includes an expander clutch that interrupts or permits the transmission of the power from the expander to the engine. The expander includes a rotational speed sensor that detects a rotational speed of the expander. An increase in friction of the expander is detected on the basis of an increase in the rotational speed of the expander detected by the rotational speed sensor when the expander clutch is disconnected.
id-US9562444B2    abstract-An engine-waste-heat utilization device includes a Rankine cycle which includes a heat exchanger through which cooling water coming out from an engine flows to recover waste-heat of the engine to refrigerant, an expander which generates power using the refrigerant coming out from the heat exchanger, a condenser which condenses the refrigerant coming out from the expander and a refrigerant pump which supplies the refrigerant coming out from the condenser to the heat exchanger, and a cooling water passage in which the cooling water having a higher temperature flows when the Rankine cycle is operated than when the Rankine cycle is not operated.
id-US9328632B2    abstract-A Rankine cycle includes an waste-heat recovery device that is configured to exchange heat between cooling water coming out from an engine and exhaust gas exhausted from the engine, a heat exchanger including an evaporator through which the cooling water coming out from the engine flows to recover waste-heat of the engine to refrigerant, and a superheater through which the cooling water coming out from the waste-heat recovery device flows to recover the waste-heat of the engine to the refrigerant, an expander that is configured to generate power using the refrigerant coming out from the heat exchanger, a condenser that is configured to condense the refrigerant coming out from the expander, and a refrigerant pump that is configured to supply the refrigerant coming out from the condenser to the heat exchanger by being driven by the expander. The cooling water coming out from the superheater is returned to the engine after being joined with the cooling water coming out from the evaporator.
id-EP2636867A1    abstract-A waste heat recovery system is for use with a power unit that includes an internal combustion engine (5). The waste heat recovery system includes a Rankine cycle device in which working fluid circulates through a pump (20A), a boiler (23), an expander (25) and then through a condenser (27), heat exchange occurs in the boiler between the working fluid and intake fluid (14, 15) that is introduced into the internal combustion engine while being cooled, a determination device for determining required cooling load for the intake fluid, a pressure reducing device (35) for reducing evaporation pressure in the Rankine cycle device, and a controller (11A) for controlling the pressure reducing device so as to reduce the evaporation pressure below a predetermined evaporation pressure if the required cooling load determined by the determination device exceeds a threshold.
id-EP2573335A2    abstract-The waste heat recovery system includes a Rankine cycle device in which working fluid circulates through a pump, a boiler, an expander and then through a heat exchanging device, heat exchange occurs in the boiler between the working fluid and intake fluid that is introduced into an internal combustion engine while being cooled. The heat exchanging device includes a condenser condensing the working fluid, a receiver connected downstream of the condenser and storing liquid-phase working fluid, a subcooler connected downstream of the receiver and subcooling the liquid-phase working fluid, and a selector device serving to change the ratio of the condenser to the subcooler. The waste heat recovery system further includes a determination device for determining required cooling load for the intake fluid, and a controller for controlling the selector device depending on the required cooling load determined by the determination device.
id-JPWO2013046885A1    abstract-The Rankine cycle (31) consists of a refrigerant pump (32), a heat exchanger (36), an expander (37), and a condenser (38). The Rankine cycle (31) shares the condenser (38) and refrigerant with the refrigeration cycle of the air conditioner. The refrigerant passage connected to the outlet of the condenser (38) branches off at the refrigerant cycle junction (45) to connect to the refrigerant pump (32) and the refrigerant cycle evaporator (55). When operating the Rankine cycle, the compressor (52) of the refrigeration cycle is driven without the need to operate the air conditioner.
id-JP2014231739A    abstract-[issue] in a waste heat regeneration system in which the heat exchanger comprising the Rankine cycle circuit serves as both a means of heating the working fluid and a means of cooling the supercharged air, the waste heat regeneration system can cool the supercharged air even if the pump for pumping the working fluid fails. Provide the stem. In the waste heat regeneration system 100, the first heat exchanger 112 is used as a heating unit for circulating working fluid in the Rankine cycle circuit 110 and a cooling unit for supercharged air discharged from the supercharger 20. When the electric pump 111 fails, the engine 10 drives the expander 114, and the solenoid valve 120 is opened to allow the circulation of the working fluid to the bypass path 119, thus continuing the circulation of the working fluid in the circuit I will. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-JP2013076369A    abstract-[issues] in order to eliminate the uneven distribution of refrigerant, predrive of the refrigerant pump is used to suppress the deterioration of fuel consumption. The refrigerant pump 32 that circulates the refrigerant, the heat exchanger 22 that recovers the waste heat of engine 2 into the refrigerant, the expander 37 that converts the waste heat recovered by the refrigerant into power by expanding the refrigerant, and the expansion A condenser 38, which condenses the refrigerant expanded by the machine 37, is provided. In addition, the Rankine cycle 31 includes a clutch 35 arranged in the power transmission path from engine 2 to the refrigerant pump 32. Moreover, when the Rankine cycle 31 is in operation and the vehicle is decelerating, the clutch 35 is fastened to drive the refrigerant pump 32 through the inertial force of the vehicle. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20140353975A1    abstract-System, method and apparatus providing power generation and demand management using a thermal hydraulic generator. Also a more efficient (full time cycle) and stable thermal hydraulic generators and heat exchangers are disclosed.
id-US20130056993A1    abstract-Thermal Hydraulic DC Generators capture energy from Turbine Generators, Combustion Engines, Geothermal Sources, Facility Systems, or Solar Collectors. These sources can be used to produce 180-degree Fahrenheit hot water in order to drive Thermal Hydraulic DC Generators. These Generators create a very efficient means of generating electric power.      Other co-generation systems require the use of steam to drive Steam Turbines. The use of steam as opposed to hot water requires more expensive equipment and more maintenance to operate than a 180 Degree F. hot water system. These 180 Degree F. hot water systems incorporating the Thermal Hydraulic DC Generators are more efficient than the Rankine Cycle or the Carnot Cycle.      Thermal Hydraulic DC Generator Engines incorporate a plc based control system that eliminates the need for governors and voltage regulators. They incorporate inverter systems to create “clean” power at unity power factor. This is a new system that has never been accomplished before.
id-US20140005844A1    abstract-System, method and apparatus providing power generation and demand management using a thermal hydraulic generator.
id-US20170205103A1    abstract-System, method and apparatus enabling efficient heating, cooling and demand management thereof using a thermal hydraulic heat pump.
id-WO2013046791A1    abstract-[issues] while improving the performance of the internal combustion engine, we provide a low-cost and highly durable waste heat utilization system. The waste heat utilization device includes the Rankine cycle (3a) used in the drive system (1a), bypass path (29), flow control valve (31), pressure sensor (35) and control device (11a). The drive train (1a) has an engine (5) and a turbocharger (7) that supplies pressurized air to the engine (5). The Rankine cycle (3a) has an electric pump (P1), a pressurized air boiler (19), an expander (21), a condenser (23), and piping (24-28). When it is determined that the cooling demand for pressurized air exceeds the threshold, the control device 11a increases the discharge amount of the electric pump (P1) to increase the discharge amount of the working fluid. In addition, the control device 11a controls the flow adjusting valve 31 based on the comparison between the set evaporation pressure and the detection pressure (a) detected by the pressure sensor 35 to adjust the flow of the working fluid flowing into the expander 21.
id-WO2013042398A1    abstract-The engine 10 has an exhaust pipe 30 for circulation of exhaust gas. The exhaust pipe 30 is arranged in the main stream 30a of boiler 113, bypass stream 30b of bypass stream 30b of boiler 113, bypass stream 30b of bypass stream 30b, bypass stream 30b of bypass stream 30b, bypass stream 30b of bypass stream 30b. The flow control valve 31 controls the flow of exhaust gas in circulation. Ecio 119 detects the charging rate of battery 118, controls the opening of flow control valve 31 according to the built-in map, and controls the flow of exhaust gas circulating through the main stream 30a.
id-WO2013042500A1    abstract-The power conversion system (S) of the invention includes a hydrogen generation device (1) and a hydrogen generation device (1) for generating hydrogen and organic hydride dehydrogenation by heating the supplied organic hydride in the presence of a predetermined catalyst, and a hydrogen and organic hydride obtained in the said hydrogen generation device (1). A separation device (2) that separates the hydride dehydrogenation and transmits hydrogen, a power conversion device (4) that obtains power by burning the hydrogen emitted from the separation device (2), and a gas outlet discharged from the power conversion device (4) Power is generated by the heat exchanger (5), which exchanges heat between the hydrogen generator and the organic hydride before it is supplied to the hydrogen generator (1), and the organic hydride, which has become superheated steam by the heat exchange in the heat exchanger (5), and the organic hydride, which is the hydrogen generator (1). The expander 6 transmits the id to the hydrogen generator (1).
id-WO2013046936A1    abstract-In the waste heat utilization unit of the engine, which has a Rankine cycle containing a refrigerant pump driven by the power recovered by the expander, a refrigeration cycle that includes an evaporator that shares a condenser and guides the refrigerant from the condenser to evaporate, and a refrigeration cycle that includes an evaporator that leads the refrigerant from the condenser to evaporate. The refrigerant at the heat exchanger outlet is used as the driving gas, and the distribution ratio between the refrigerant flow from the heat exchanger outlet and the refrigerant flow from the heat exchanger outlet to the expander is controlled by the refrigerant flow from the evaporator outlet to the condenser. Possible flow distribution ratio control mechanism is provided.
id-US20130074489A1    abstract-A Stirling engine includes a base member that connects a housing portion with a heater that heats a working fluid using exhaust heat of a main engine, and a support member that supports the Stirling engine at the base member is provided.
id-US8627662B2    abstract-A system for recovering heat from recirculating exhaust gases is provided. The system includes a first exhaust manifold in fluid communication with multiple combustion chambers of an engine. The system also includes a turbocharger having a turbine stage and a compressor stage, wherein the turbine stage comprises an inlet port in fluid communication with the first exhaust manifold and the compressor stage includes an inlet port for air intake and an outlet port for compressed air. The system includes an exhaust gas recirculation cooler having a first flow path and a second flow path, wherein the first flow path is configured to receive a portion of exhaust gas from the first exhaust manifold flowing through an exhaust gas recirculation loop. The second flow path includes an inlet for receiving a compressed air for drawing heat from the exhaust gas flowing through the first flow path.
id-US11073278B2    abstract-Liquid is flash evaporated in a series of cells along and surrounding an exhaust duct to generate a pressurized vapor where at least one of the surfaces is in communication with the source of heat sufficient to maintain the surface at a temperature such that the liquid injected into the chamber is substantially instantly converted to a superheated vapor with no liquid pooling within the chamber. The liquid is introduced by controlled injectors operating at a required rate. Each of the cells is periodically discharged by a pressure controlled relief valve and the vapor from the cells combined to form a continuous stream feeding a turbine or other energy conversion device. The outer wall of the cell is offset so that it contacts the inner wall at one point around the periphery. Heat transfer ribs and bars can be provided in the duct to provide increased heat transfer where necessary.
id-US9896985B2    abstract-A heat recovery system includes an engine coolant circuit and an exhaust gas recovery circuit. The engine coolant circuit uses an engine coolant fluid to cool an engine. The exhaust gas recovery circuit comprises a Rankine cycle system that uses a working fluid to convert heat from engine exhaust gases to energy. The engine coolant fluid comprises the working fluid such that the engine coolant circuit and an exhaust gas recovery circuit comprise a common circuit such that the Rankine cycle system recovers energy from exhaust gas heat and from engine coolant heat.
id-WO2013060447A1    abstract-The invention relates to an automobile cleaning cleaning device (2) having a cleaning cycle (4) and an attached branch (5) through a working medium. An addition to Wirkungsgrad Abwarmenutzungsvorrichtung (2) will achieve fundamentally Arbeitsmedium Nebenzweig(5) of Saugstrahlfordereinrichtung (8) by Abwarmenutzungskreis Nebenzweig(4), (5) specify a Verdampfer(7 has 17), each time Arbeitsmedium evaporates or. The invention also comprises :1, 2, fuel oil cleaning device (3).
id-US20130096801A1    abstract-A method for operating a line circuit ( 4 ) for waste heat utilization of an internal combustion engine ( 2 ), and a control unit ( 1 ). A feed pump ( 6 ), at least one heat exchanger ( 8 ), an expansion machine ( 10 ), a condenser ( 12 ) and a control unit ( 1 ) are situated in the line circuit ( 4 ). The control unit ( 1 ) calculates a time period which is required until individual components or all the components of the line circuit ( 4 ) have reached a predefined temperature, in order to start up the line circuit ( 4 ) at least partially.
id-EP2583741A1    abstract-A system includes a gas production source (12) configured to produce a gas stream (14) comprising nitrogen oxides (NO x ) (16) and a hydrocarbon injector (18) disposed downstream of the gas production source (12) and configured to inject a hydrocarbon into the gas stream (14). The hydrocarbon is configured to oxidize molecules of the NO x  (16) in the gas stream (14) to produce a higher order compound of nitrogen and oxygen (N y O z ) (22). The system also includes a removal device (24) disposed downstream of the hydrocarbon injector (18). The removal device (24) is configured to remove the N y O z  (22) from the gas stream via absorption or reaction.
id-WO2013060309A2    abstract-The essence of the solution resides in that an internal combustion engine with rocking pistons is constituted by a shared working space in a shared housing (1) of the motor and a compressor in the central portion of which there are formed in a mirrored fashion combustion chambers (2, 2.1) containing rocking blades (3, 3.1) of the motor that are rigidly radially supported on a turnable central shaft (4) and in a carrier ring (4.1) and wherein the rocking blades (3, 3.1) are to advantage mutually angled with respect to each other and wherein the combustion chambers (2, 2.1) are delimited on the one side by delimiting partitions (5, 5.1) radially disposed at the inner circumferential surface of the shared housing (1) of the motor and the compressor and separating the combustion chambers (2, 2.1) from primary compressor chambers (6, 6.1) of the primary compressor part, and on the opposite side by a pair of rocking blades (3, 3.1) at the locations of their lower dead centers, and wherein on the opposite side of the pair of rocking blades (3, 3.1) there are formed secondary compressor chambers (7., 7.1) of a secondary compressor part delimited by end parts of a guiding segment (18) provided with secondary suction and outlet channels (19, 19.1) of a secondary compressor and wherein the turnable central shaft (4) extends with its end portions into external housings (1.1, 1.2) of a crankshaft mechanism that are connected in a mirror fashion to the shared housing (1) of the motor and the compressor, where the turnable central shaft (4) is provided with an oscillating yoke (8) having arms that are connected by means of a pair of piston rods (9, 9.1) with a pair of crankshafts (10, 10.1) on the outer ends of which there is supported a pair of flywheels (11, 11.1) that are provided on their peripheries with coils (12, 12.1) of a stator winding. A pressurized mixing chamber (17) that is connected to the outlet (28) of the exhaust gases from the rocking motor and to the outlet (29) of the pressurized air from the compressor part is provided with a main outlet (22) for the energy medium that is connected to the working expansion machine (23) that is connected with a working generator (25) of electric current, and the collection mixing chamber (17) is connected by a relief outlet (18) for the energy medium to an inlet (19) of a relief expansion machine (20) that is connected to a relief generator (21) of electric current that is electrically connected with coils (12, 12.1) of a stator winding. The combined driving system can be used primarily for the driving of generators of electric current, but its use is not limited to the driving of mobile machines and other apparatuses requiring rotary motion for their operation.
id-US9234436B2    abstract-A generator system uses compressed air as a power source and utilizes an electromagnetic auxiliary power unit. The generator system includes an engine ( 1 ), a multiple-column power distributor ( 2 ), a generator system ( 4 ), a controller system ( 6 ), an intake speed control valve ( 23 ), a high pressure gas tank ( 13 ), a constant pressure tank ( 16 ), an electronic control unit ECO ( 29 ), an electromagnetic auxiliary power unit ( 1000 ), a power distributor ( 1100 ) and an end gas recycle loop. The end gas recycle loop includes an air compressor ( 7 ), a condenser ( 11 ), an end gas recycle tank ( 9 ), an electro-drive turbine unidirectional suction pump ( 19 ) and an end gas muffler ( 22 ).
id-WO2013065371A1    abstract-The waste heat recovery system consists of a Rankine cycle circuit consisting of a pump, boiler, expander, and capacitor, a temperature sensor to detect the temperature of the working fluid at the downstream outlet of the boiler, a bypass flow path to bypass the expander, and a bypass. It is equipped with open and close valves and controllers set up on the flow path. When the engine is in operation and the expander output is not required, the controller keeps the switch valve open and adjusts the flow rate to the pump so that the temperature of the working fluid is below the first predetermined temperature.
id-US20140290243A1    abstract-In a waste-heat recovery system, a gear pump and an electric motor share a drive shaft. A pump interior portion and a motor interior portion are partitioned from each other by a shaft seal, and the pump interior portion defines a part of a circulation path of a Rankine cycle circuit. One end of a communication path that is communicated to the motor interior portion is connected to a bottom portion of a housing, and the other end of the communication path is connected to the circulation path at a position between an expander and a condenser in the Rankine cycle circuit.
id-WO2013071373A1    abstract-A Hydrogen fuel injection system for an internal combustion engine (1), including a energy transfer system (41) for the internal combustion engine comprising a heat recovery device (11) for recovering heat from an exhaust (2) of the internal combustion engine (1), and a water producing device (5) for producing water (7) using the recovered heat.
