id-US8812202B2    abstract-A drive controller of an operating machine configured to drive a structure by a hydraulic motor and an electric motor includes: a remote control valve configured to determine the operation amount of the structure; an electric motor torque calculation portion configured to calculate torque of the electric motor; a hydraulic motor torque calculation portion configured to calculate torque of the hydraulic motor; a controller configured to transmit an opening position control signal to the control valve based on the operation amount determined by the remote control valve such that torque necessary to drive the structure is obtained from the torque of the electric motor and the torque of the hydraulic motor; and solenoid-operated reducing valves and each configured to reduce a pilot pressure, to be applied to the control valve, based on the opening position control signal output from the controller.
id-US9228323B2    abstract-A control system for construction machine includes a main pump; a circuit system which includes a plurality of operation valves; a boom cylinder which is connected to a specific valve; one passage which allows communication between the specific operation valve and a piston-side chamber; another passage which allows communication between the specific operation valve and a rod-side chamber; a hydraulic motor which rotates by the action of return oil from the piston-side chamber; a generator; and a valve mechanism which is provided in the one passage communicating with the piston-side chamber of the boom cylinder, introduces the return oil from the piston-side at the time of descent as a regeneration flow to the hydraulic motor and introduces the return oil as a recovery flow to the rod-side chamber if necessary by causing the return oil to flow into the other passage.
id-US8606452B2    abstract-A controller determines whether or not the storage amount of a battery is below a threshold, and reduces an assist output of a sub-pump by controlling an assist control mechanism based on an assist correction coefficient, increases the discharge amount of a main pump by controlling an engine controller based on an engine rotation speed correction coefficient and increasing the rotation speed of an engine, and increases an output of the main pump by increasing the rotation speed of the engine by as much as a reduction in the assist output of the sub-pump.
id-US9200430B2    abstract-A control system for hybrid construction machine includes an engine, a main pump to be driven by the engine, a rotary shaft linking an assist pump, a regenerative hydraulic motor and a motor generator, and a clutch for linking the engine and the rotary shaft.
id-WO2011133072A1    abstract-The invention relates to a start/stop arrangement in a fluid system comprising a controllable pump unit (11) for supplying fluid pressure to at least one implement; a prime mover (14) connected to a transmission device arranged to drive the pump unit (11); wherein the pump unit (11) is installed on an outgoing power take off and is arranged to supply fluid pressure to the implement fluid system, that the pump unit (11) is arranged accumulate fluid pressure in the accumulator. The fluid system further comprises a controllable motor unit (12) connected to a fluid accumulator (17); that fluid pressure from the accumulator (17) is arranged to drive the motor unit (12); and that the motor unit (12) is connected to the prime mover (14) by an overrun clutch, wherein the motor unit (12) is arranged to supply torque to and start the prime mover (14) when at least one predetermined condition is fulfilled. The invention further relates to a method for controlling the start/stop arrangement.
id-US8453762B2    abstract-Methods and systems for storing kinetic energy in a fluid-base power circuit. A regenerative control valve manifold diverts fluid flow from a hydraulic device performing a first operation into an accumulator. The accumulator stores a fluid volume sufficient to perform a second operation. The regenerative control valve manifold connects the accumulator to the power circuit providing a fluid flow and charge pressure sufficient to perform the second operation.
id-US10574088B2    abstract-An energy storage and regeneration system that converts irregular, non-constant, and variable input power to regular, constant, and controlled output power using hydraulics whereby the irregular input power is used to pump hydraulic fluid into an accumulator array where it is stored pressurized. Energy is released in a controlled fashion using a hydraulic motor operated by the pressurized hydraulic fluid from the accumulator array, in accordance with the specified power demand. One or more power units may be deployed depending on the amount of energy required at the output. Each power unit includes a hydraulic motor and associated floating accumulator whose internal pressure is controlled to maintain a substantially constant pressure differential across its associated motor. The system can be integrated into various energy system sources including renewable energy such as wind, PV or thermal solar, wave, tidal, etc.
id-US9382927B2    abstract-An apparatus for recuperation of hydraulic energy from an actuator comprises a first hydraulic machine having a first drive and a second hydraulic machine having a second drive mechanically coupled to the first drive. The first hydraulic machine is in hydraulic communication with an actuator, and the second hydraulic machine ( 20 ) is in hydraulic communication with an accumulator.
id-US9303632B2    abstract-An energy recovery control circuit is provided with an energy recovery system for recovering energy of a work equipment. The energy recovery control circuit includes an recovery control valve block in which a plurality of valves that constitute the energy recovery system are incorporated. The recovery control valve block includes a main spool, in which a plurality of control characteristics concerning recovery of energy are consolidated.
id-WO2012015570A1    abstract-A hydraulic system is provided with a prime mover connected to a first fixed displacement pump having a maximum flow A, a hydraulic loop connected to a system of valves and actuators, a second fixed displacement pump having a maximum flow B in fluid communication with the loop, an electric machine operable as one of a motor and a generator connected to the second pump and electrically coupled to a battery, and a controller connected to the prime mover and the electric machine. The hydraulic loop is in fluid communication with the first pump with a first check valve. The second pump is arranged in parallel with the first pump.
id-EP2402829A1    abstract-The invention involves Modulanordnung folding a Reihenrichtung lengthwise (6) aneinandergereihten went out of the boat (2), at least partly as a Ventilmodule(3) for training as well as Steuereinrichtung(5) to contact a Maschinensteuerung(7) about the Bussystem(8) and to provide Steuer signalen module(2) training, Ventilmodule(3) at least two Ventilmodulgruppen (9 1011) is basically and at least one Ventilmodulgruppe (9,10) Drucksteuermittel(23, 10) 24) The domain name Steuereinrichtung relies on a Steuersignal(5) at least first and second between the Druckniveau umschaltbar with the influence of the Druckbeaufschlagung Party government Ventilmodulgruppe (9,10). According to the design, the tax authority has designed an energy management system that converts at least from an internal control device (23,24) to an internal control device and thus saves energy. In addition, about the invention of the program adjustment plug-in.
id-US9109586B2    abstract-An electro-hydraulic drive system for a work machine which drives an upper rotary body by controlling a flow rate of a hydraulic fluid by a control valve, includes an electro-hydraulic pump including a hydraulic pump driven by an engine, and a first electric motor, and an electro-hydraulic motor including a hydraulic motor rotated by the hydraulic oil supplied from the electro-hydraulic pump, and a second electric motor, and a controller which determines an operating state of the first electric motor and an operating state of the second electric motor based on a load of the electro-hydraulic pump and a load of the electro-hydraulic motor, and is able to perform an efficient operation by using a hydraulic pressure (fluid pressure) and electric power.
id-US9309645B2    abstract-In drive control of an operating machine configured to drive a structure by a hydraulic motor configured to be driven by operating oil supplied from a hydraulic pump an electric motor configured to cooperate with the hydraulic motor, a speed command generated based on a manipulation amount of a remote control valve configured to determine an operation amount of the structure is subjected to speed feedback control performed based on the actual rotation speed of the hydraulic motor and pressure difference feedback control performed based on an operating oil pressure difference between a suction port and discharge port of the hydraulic motor. With this, a tilting angle command is generated such that the operating oil, the amount of which is necessary at the actual rotation speed of the hydraulic motor, is ejected, and the tilting angle of the hydraulic pump is controlled.
id-JP2012057766A    abstract-[challenges] to prevent shocks caused by flow rate fluctuations when the operating state of a rotary hydraulic unit or an electric unit is switched during operation of construction equipment. According to the driving torque of the hydraulic pump 3 detected by the torque sensor 34, the controller 35 closes the electromagnetic switching valve 17 when the driving torque of the actuator is less than the switching torque t1, and the rotating electric device 8 becomes the generator. As the actuator drive torque increases, the flow rate of the pressure oil supplied from the hydraulic pump 3 to the rotating hydraulic device 9 decreases, so as to switch the flow rate of the actuator drive torque. When the torque is greater than the torque, open the electromagnetic switching valve 17, make the rotary electric device 8 act as the electric motor, and control the flow control valve 13 with the pressure compensation function, so that the discharge oil of the hydraulic pump 3 is not supplied to the rotary hydraulic device 9. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20120134848A1    abstract-A hydraulic fan circuit is disclosed. The hydraulic fan circuit may have a primary pump, a high-pressure passage fluidly connected to the primary pump, and a low-pressure passage fluidly connected to the primary pump. The hydraulic fan circuit may also have at least one accumulator in selective fluid communication with at least one of the high- and low-pressure passages, a motor, and a fan connected to the motor. The hydraulic fan circuit may further have a fan isolation valve fluidly connected to the high- and low-pressure passages. The fan isolation valve may be movable between a flow-passing position at which the motor is fluidly connected to the primary pump via the high- and low-pressure passages, and a flow-blocking position at which the motor is substantially isolated from the primary pump.
id-EP2455555A1    abstract-The present invention indicates an Arbeitsgerat, in particular a tractor or a lag time to Materialumschb, at least one Arbeits-Antrieb bewegbaren elements, of which at least one movement in the Energieruckgewinnungszylinder is conceived in the Energieruckgewinnung bewegbaren Elementes, which is the befullte chamber of cooking with gas. According to this device of separating energy it is very creative to have someone stop the process of separating energy
