id-US9410307B2    abstract-A hybrid construction machine includes first and second main pumps, first and second supply passages, first and second circuit systems, a hydraulic motor, a motor generator, an assist pump, a joint passage connected to the assist pump and branched off, first and second logic valves, a switching valve disposed in the other branch passage and switchable to a state where the assist pump is connected to the second supply passage on the upstream side of the second logic valve and a state where the second main pump is connected to the hydraulic motor, and a check valve. A poppet diameter of the first logic valve is smaller than that of the second logic valve.
id-WO2013122331A1    abstract-The hydraulic facility real-time power saving device of the invention is, in the hydraulic facility real-time power saving device operating at the operating pressure set according to the capacity of the working oil supplied, Preset (A) supply power in proportion to the valve to open by the hydraulic pump of hydraulic equipment the above discharge remind about the operating oil supply power (A) valve's opening degree according to the corresponding part of the operating oil hydraulic equipment capacity, recalling the proportional valve to supply with; Power detection unit real-time detection of the supply power (A) supplied to the above proportional valve unit; Sensingbu sensing action power (B) of the above hydraulic pump; The supply power (A) for the proportional valve part detected by the above power detection part and the comparison part calculating the maximum value (Max) and minimum value (min) of the action power (B) of the hydraulic pump sensed by the above power detection part; The average operation unit to compute the average value (M) of the above supply power (A) and the average value of the above action power (B); The control part which outputs the control signal corresponding to any one of the selected above supply power (A), action power (B), mean value (M), maximum value (Max) or minimum value (min) according to the working pressure corresponding to the preset working characteristics of the above hydraulic equipment; And includes an inverter to drive the above hydraulic pump to discharge the above working oil according to the control signal output from the above control part.
id-US20130236272A1    abstract-The present disclosure relates to a hydraulic system for a crane with at least one hydraulic circuit, which comprises at least one hydraulic consumer, and a constant pressure network, wherein the at least one hydraulic circuit is coupled with the constant pressure network via at least one pressure reducer, whereby a higher volume flow with low pressure as compared to the constant pressure network can be generated in the hydraulic circuit.
id-US9482248B2    abstract-An energy regeneration type forklift hydraulic system is provided, which includes a first oil pump, a first electrical motor, a multiple directional control valve, a lifting oil cylinder, a tilting oil cylinder, a steering oil cylinder, a load-sensing steering device, an oil filter, a second oil pump and an oil tank, wherein the multiple directional control valve includes an oil inletting and returning valve spool, a raising and lowering reversing valve spool, a tilting reversing valve spool, and an oil inletting valve spool. The raising and lowering reversing valve spool includes a raising and lowering three-position six-way reversing valve, an annular oil returning passage and an oil returning passage. The system can utilize the potential energy of lowering cargo to simultaneously drive two oil pumps for driving two motors to generate energy, thereby realizing energy recovery.
id-WO2013164096A1    abstract-The invention relates to energy saving distributed in hydraulisch betatigbaren Arbeitsgeratschaften Versorgungseinheit too much, especially in the form of Hydraulikpumpe(35) and a Kolbenspeicher(5) and at least two langsbewegbaren pistons (9,11), is Kopplungsteil(13) up, that lang sverfahrbar in at least one partition (15) is caused by Koppl ungstei l(13) surrounding Zylinderringraume (17, 17). 19) for the limit, while the air raid vollflachige Kolbenseite angrenzender Betatigerkolbens (11) first Zylinderraum as Druckbetatigungsraum (23 years old) as Arbeitsvorgang erforderl Druckversorgung connects Arbeitsgeratschaft (1) to the second Zylinderraum(27) that dominates the universe, one Drucksteuereinrichtung(31), with Versorgungseinheit verbindbar, the third Zylinderraum is Druckspeicherraum(17), but at the same time the device passes the feature. Ensure Versorgungseinheit of Zylinderraum verbindbar(27) The first volume is on lflachige Kolbenseite of Kolbens (9) angrenzt of Kopplungstei l(13) is connected with Betatigerkolben (11) by Betatigerkolben (11) limited while Kopplungsteil(13) surrounds Zylinderringraum as specified by Druckspeicherraum (17).
id-WO2013164073A1    abstract-Energy saving is distributed in hydraulisch betatigbaren Arbeitsgeratschaften (1), Indonesian Versorgungseinheit especially the shape of Hydraulikpumpe (31 years old) married Kolbenspeicher(5) at least two longitudinal bewegba in Speichergehause (7) The ren piston (9,11), is Kopplungsteil(13) up, that langsverfahrbar in at least one division (15) leads to the peripheral Zylinderringraume The Kopplungsteil system (13) is limited, in which a Zylinderraum is Druckbetatigungsraum (19) required for Arbeitsvorgang Druckversorgung Arbeitsgeratschaft (1) fluidfuhrend connected at least one other Zylinderraum(23 years old,33 years old) to more than one Drucksteuereinrichtung verbindbar Versorgungseinheit(27) and (31) is another Zylinderraum that is Druckspeicherraum(17), but it is prescribed for separation from each other. (15) Separated Zylinderraumen, the link as a circle (13) surrounds circle No. 13 (17) and other circles (19) include operating equipment (1).
id-WO2013164072A1    abstract-Energy saving is distributed in hydraulisch betatigbaren Arbeitsgeratschaften (1), Indonesian Versorgungseinheit especially Hydraulikpumpe(33) and a Kolbenspeicher(5) used in Speichergehause (7) The langsbewegbaren piston (9), whose Kolbenstange(17) splits (11) of the Speichergehauses (7) results in the langsverfahrbar plus the piston (9) Zylinderraume, which is limited by one Zylinderrau m was Druckbetatigungsraum (13) needed for Arbeitsvorgang Druckversorgung Arbeitsgeratschaft (1) fluidfuhrend connects another Zylinderraum(25) is a multi-drucksteuereinrichtung (29) with Versorgungseinheit The verbindbar is and the other Zylinderraum is Druckspeicherraum(21), but it is empty Kolbenstange shaped like a barrel of text (17). With one end of the piston closed (9) and one end vacant (19), the cylinder chamber is separated from the piston (9) by the piston (11) (21).
id-US20130340418A1    abstract-An energy storage system is disclosed for use in a hydraulic system for moving a structural member such as a boom assembly. The system features at least one work cylinder and an additional energy storage cylinder that assists in raising and lowering functions by storing and withdrawing pressurized fluid from an accumulator. The pressurized fluid in the accumulator may be used for raising operations as well as digging and tamping operations. Further, the energy recovery features may be selectively disconnected during either a raising or lowering operation.
id-US9051944B2    abstract-Hydraulic unit adapted for connection to master and slave actuator system includes three valves, the first configured for selective fluid passage between the cap ends, the second configured for selective fluid passage between the slave cap end and an accumulator, and the third fluidly coupled for selective fluid passage between each of a single pump and the accumulator, and the slave cap end. During actuator retraction, the valves permit pressurized fluid in the slave cap end to be delivered to accumulator for storage; during extension, the valves permit pressurized fluid from pump and accumulator to be delivered to the slave cap end.
id-US8997476B2    abstract-A machine includes a hydraulic cylinder configured to raise and lower a boom of the machine, and an accumulator selectively fluidly connected to the hydraulic cylinder. The accumulator is configured to receive fluid from the hydraulic cylinder during lowering of the boom. The machine also includes a hydraulic motor fluidly connected to the accumulator via an independent metering valve. The machine further includes a fan driven by the hydraulic motor and configured to assist in cooling fluid displaced from the hydraulic cylinder.
id-US9926918B2    abstract-Energy-recuperating vibration damper having a cylinder in which a displacer executes a limited operating movement in a working chamber so that a pressurized fluid is supplied to a fluid motor which drives a generator. A compensation chamber compensates for a change in volume of the pressurized fluid. A pressure accumulator is provided in addition to the compensation chamber, which pressure accumulator communicates with and is parallel-connected to the fluid motor.
id-JP2014020431A    abstract-The purpose of the present invention is to provide a hydraulic drive system that can increase the falling speed of the working machine without the use of a large hydraulic pump. Solution: when the hydraulic oil is discharged from room 1 14c and supplied to room 2 14d, the hydraulic cylinder 14 causes the working machine to move down. The hydraulic flow path 15 has the first flow path 15a and the second flow path 15b. First channel 15a connects first pump port 12a to first room 14c. Second stream path 15b connects second pump port 12b to second room 14d. The hydraulic fluid path 15 forms a closed circuit between the hydraulic pump 12 and the hydraulic cylinder 14. Bleedoff route 37 splits off from route 15a. Part of the hydraulic oil discharged from room 1 14c as the operator descends to bleed off flow path 37. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-US20140060018A1    abstract-A hydraulic control system includes an implement movable to perform an excavation cycle having a plurality of segments, a variable displacement motor configured to swing the implement at a desired speed during the excavation cycle, and a pump configured to pressurize fluid directed to drive the motor. The system further includes an accumulator configured to selectively receive fluid discharged from the motor via a charge valve, and to discharge fluid to the motor via a discharge valve. The system includes a selector valve fluidly connected to the charge valve and the discharge valve. The system also includes a controller configured to vary displacement of the motor, resulting in the desired speed.
id-US9810243B2    abstract-A switching valve includes a spool, a first cylinder port that communicates with the piston side chamber, a second cylinder port that communicates with the rod side chamber, a bridge passage having a first opening which is adjacent to the first cylinder port and a second opening which is adjacent to the second cylinder port, a regeneration passage formed in the spool to connect the second cylinder port communicating with the rod side chamber to the first cylinder port in accordance with a switching position of the spool, and a first communication port and a second communication port formed in the spool to communicate with the regeneration passage. The first communication port communicates with the second opening of the bridge passage, which is adjacent to the second cylinder port, and the second communication port communicates with the second cylinder port in accordance with the switching position of the spool.
id-JP2015528551A    abstract-A hydraulic control system (50) for use with a machine (10) is disclosed. The hydraulic control system may include a tank (60), a pump (58), a rotary motor (49), and at least one control valve (56) for controlling the flow of fluid between the pump and rotary motor. The hydraulic control system consists of an accumulator (108) and at least one accumulator valve (122, 124) that selectively receives pressurized fluid released from the rotating motor and selectively supplies pressurized fluid to the rotating motor, and a control lever. "La (100)". The controller receives input indicating the difference between the expected and actual speed of the rotary motor, and can determine whether the rotary motor is accelerating or decelerating based on the difference. The controller may also control at least one accumulator valve to selectively accept or supply pressurized fluid only when the rotating motor is accelerating or decelerating.
id-WO2014032757A1    abstract-The invention relates to the hydraulisches Energieruckgewinnungssystem (101), a flagellum (102) betatigbaren Abtriebseinheit(103), and a dampener-motor Pumpen-Einheit antreibbar(104), supplied with at least one Energieeinspeisestellung Energie-Speichereinrichtung(106) and/or Fluid Arbeitshydraulik(107); And the fluid generated from the storage facility (106) under pressure is at least transferred and/or used in a waste circulation unit (103).
id-US20140060022A1    abstract-A hydraulic control system is disclosed for use with a machine. The hydraulic control system may have a tank, a pump, a swing motor, and at least one control. The hydraulic control system may further have an accumulator configured to receive fluid from and supply fluid to the swing motor, a charge valve movable to allow fluid flow from the swing motor into the accumulator, and a discharge valve movable to allow fluid flow from the accumulator to the swing motor. The hydraulic control system may additionally have a controller in communication with the at least one control valve, the charge valve, and the discharge valve. The controller may be configured to detect an acceleration of the swing motor, selectively cause the discharge valve to assist the acceleration, and selectively move the charge valve to an open position to recover energy associated with pressure spikes occurring during the acceleration.
id-WO2014029635A1    abstract-A hydraulisch command for linear movement is the shackle Massekorpers (10), by Massekorper (10) antreibendem midway fracking with Steuerkreis associated with Arbeitszylinder(11), and another with an Akkumulator(31)aufweisende set up Arbeitszylinder(11) as a game console for both Hubr aume Arbeitszylinders (14, 15)(11) which has more than one timer per abgehende Zylinderleitung (19a,b) (16,17) provides a push-up control of the chassis at the same time as the two movements, connecting the two movements. Each valve (16,17) in each knob connects the pump to the connected cylinder (14). 15) Arbeitzylinders (Ii) as well as full blocking of all interfaces capable of great cylinders (14) will use Steuerventil(16) in addition to large Hubraums(14) linked with tanks (29) capable of both Hubraumen Arbeitszylinders' (14, 15)(11) joint Akkumulator(31 years old) domain name and intellectual disability participation under Hubraumen (1415) to Akkumulator(31 years old) issued Durchlassrichtung aufweisenden Ruckschlagventils (37) and Zylinderleitungen (19a) suspended from Steuerventilen(16, 17) Hubraumen Arbeitszylinders (14, 15)(11)  (b) A leather coat made on eingeschaltetes, with Sperrstellung Durchflussstellung schaltbares Sperrventil(35)aufweisende split (34) Water injection pump (45)Steuerventilen(16, 17) Hang the Einspeisungsleitungen verbindbar. is
id-US20140060031A1    abstract-A hydraulic control system for a machine is disclosed. The hydraulic control system may have a tank, a pump, and a fluid actuator. The hydraulic control system may further have an accumulator configured to selectively receive pressurized fluid discharged from the fluid actuator and selectively supply pressurized fluid to the fluid actuator. The hydraulic control system may also have a pressure sensor configured to generate a signal indicative of a pressure of the accumulator, a charge valve, a discharge valve, and a controller in communication with the control valve, the charge valve, and the discharge valve. The controller may be configured to detect stall of the fluid actuator, to make a comparison of the pressure of the accumulator with a threshold pressure, and to selectively move the charge valve to charge the accumulator or move the discharge valve to discharge the accumulator during the stall based on the comparison.
id-US9476436B2    abstract-An actuator includes a cylinder, a piston, a rod, a rod-side chamber and a piston-side chamber, a tank, a first pump capable of supplying liquid to the rod-side chamber, a second pump capable of supplying the liquid to the piston-side chamber, a first control passage allowing communication between the rod-side chamber and the tank, a second control passage allowing communication between the piston-side chamber and the tank, a first variable relief valve capable of changing a valve opening pressure for permitting a flow of the liquid by being opened when a pressure in the rod-side chamber reaches the valve opening pressure, a second variable relief valve capable of changing a valve opening pressure for permitting a flow of the liquid by being opened when a pressure in the piston-side chamber reaches the valve opening pressure, and a center passage allowing communication between the tank and the interior of the cylinder.
id-US9290912B2    abstract-An energy recovery system for a machine is disclosed. The energy recovery system may have a boom circuit with at least a one linear actuator configured to move a work tool, and a boom accumulator configured to selectively collect pressurized fluid from the at least one linear actuator and to discharge pressurized fluid back to the at least one linear actuator. The energy recovery system may also have a swing circuit with a swing motor configured to move the work tool, and a swing accumulator configured to selectively collect pressurized fluid from the swing motor and discharge pressurized fluid back to the swing motor. The energy recovery system may further have a common accumulator passage fluidly connecting the boom accumulator and the swing accumulator.
id-US10000910B2    abstract-A shovel may be provided with a main pump, hydraulic actuators including a swing hydraulic motor, a control valve that controls a flow of a working oil between the main pump and the hydraulic actuators, and an accumulator part that releases the working oil between the main pump and the control valve, and between the swing hydraulic motor and the control valve. The accumulator part may release the working oil at an upstream of the main pump.
id-US20140119868A1    abstract-An energy recovery system for a machine is disclosed. The energy recovery system may have a tank, a pump configured to draw fluid from the tank and pressurize the fluid, an actuator, and an actuator control valve movable to direct pressurized fluid from the pump to the actuator and from the actuator to the tank to move the actuator. The energy recovery system may also have a motor connected to selectively receive fluid discharged from the actuator and mechanically connected to the pump, and an accumulator configured to store fluid discharged from the motor and to direct stored fluid to the motor to drive the pump.
id-WO2014053662A1    abstract-An energy storage system is described comprising a closed gas circuit which comprises an expansion chamber 2, a compression chamber 3 coupled to the expansion chamber, a compressor for compressing gas from the expansion chamber as it is delivered to the compression chamber, a turbine 5a for recovering energy stored by the gas in the compression chamber as the gas is released back into the expansion chamber and a generator coupled to the turbine 5b for generating electrical energy from the recovered energy. The compression chamber is located within the expansion chamber, so that heat generated as the gas is compressed is conducted through the wall of the compression chamber and into the expansion chamber directly. The system can be powered by solar energy or other form of renewable energy, with the energy being stored where it is produced and where the electrical energy is to be consumed.
id-US9897119B2    abstract-A control system for a hybrid construction machine includes a turning-regeneration-use switching valve that opens when a pressure detected by a pressure detector reaches a turning-regeneration starting pressure, so as to introduce the working fluid from a turning circuit to a regenerative motor, an operating-state detector that detects an operating state of a fluid pressure cylinder; and a cylinder-regeneration-use switching valve that opens based on a detection result of the operating-state detector, so as to introduce the working fluid from the fluid pressure cylinder to the regenerative motor. When the turning regeneration is performed alone, the working fluid from the turning circuit is introduced into the regenerative motor without pressure reduction, When the turning regeneration and the cylinder regeneration are simultaneously performed, the working fluid from the turning circuit is reduced in pressure, joins the working fluid from the fluid pressure cylinder, and is introduced into the regenerative motor.
id-US9890518B2    abstract-During boom-midair lowering operation in which a front work implement  130  can be turned under the self-weight of a boom  131 , a hydraulic pump/motor  7  is operated as a motor to operate a generator/electric motor  10  as a generator. Power generation operation is performed by the hydraulic fluid discharged from a bottom-side chamber  5   b  of a boom cylinder  5  to recover positional energy. During jack-up in which the front work implement  130  cannot be turned under the self-weight of the boom  131 , the generator/electric motor  10  is operated as an electric motor to operate the hydraulic pump/motor  7  as a pump. The jack-up is performed by supplying the hydraulic fluid from the bottom-side chamber  5   b  to rod-side chamber  5   a  of the boom cylinder  5  without supplying the hydraulic fluid from the main pump  2  to the rod-side chamber  5   a  of the boom cylinder  5.
id-US10000906B2    abstract-A shovel may be provided with a swing hydraulic motor, a relief valve provided on the swing hydraulic motor, and an accumulator part that supplies to the swing hydraulic motor a working oil having a pressure lower than a relief pressure of the relief valve. The accumulator part may accumulate the working oil on a braking side of the swing hydraulic motor. The accumulator part may discharge the working oil to an upstream of a main pump.
