id-US20200040920A1    abstract-A fluid pressure circuit for controlling a rod of a cylinder controlled in accordance with an operation command includes a tank, a fluid pressure actuator configured to pressurize fluid supplied from the tank for extending and retracting the cylinder, a flow control valve arranged between the fluid pressure actuator and the cylinder device configured to switch a flow passage of pressurized fluid and discharge via a first throttle return fluid from the cylinder, a variable regeneration switching valve configured to discharge return fluid from the cylinder to the flow control valve upon non-regeneration and upon regeneration, branch part of the return fluid and discharge via a second throttle the fluid branched, a regenerative motor configured for regeneration by fluid branched by the variable regeneration switching valve, and a third throttle connected in series with the first throttle upon the regeneration to limit flow of return fluid.
id-WO2018155244A1    abstract-In the energy recovery device that recovers the energy of the working fluid discharged from the fluid chamber, the decrease of the energy recovery rate caused by the flow fluctuation of the working fluid in the flow path is suppressed. The energy recovery device (1) includes an inertial fluid container (21), a low-pressure side container (LP), a high pressure side container (HP), a low-pressure side switch (3l), a high pressure side switch (3h), a switch channel (31, 32), and a switch control unit (5). . The switching unit (5) switches the connecting point of the inertial fluid container (21) alternately between the low pressure side container (LP) and the high pressure side container (HP) according to the reduction of the volume of the fluid chamber (203), when the hydraulic oil flows toward the low pressure side container (LP) The inertial force generated in the inertial fluid container (21) causes the hydraulic oil to flow into the high pressure side container (HP). The switch control unit (5) sets the switching frequency of the switch to the frequency near the anti-resonance frequency of the NTH order (N is the natural number) of the hydraulic fluid path.
id-WO2018190615A1    abstract-The hydraulic system of a construction machine according to the implementing example of the present invention includes a boom cylinder, a first boom hydraulic line, a second boom hydraulic line, a recovering line, a circulating line, an accumulator, a boom recovering valve, and a control part, Pertaining TO the hydraulic system of a construction machine which CAN RECOVER THE POSITIONAL ENERGY OF THE BOOM DURING BOOM DESCENT TO IMPROVE FUEL ECONOMY WHILE CONTROLLING THE SPEED OF THE BOOM CONSISTENTLY AS INTENDED BY THE OPERATOR.
id-US20220298754A1    abstract-A control valve of hydraulic system for a working machine is provided, which includes a main body and a spool. The main body includes first, second, third, fourth and fifth ports, and first second, third, fourth and fifth inner fluid paths connected to the first, second, third, fourth and fifth ports, respectively. The spool is configured to move between a neutral position and a communicating position allowing fluid communication between the second inner fluid path and the fifth inner fluid path or between the first inner fluid path and the fifth inner fluid path. The spool includes a communicating hole configured to allow the fluid communication between the second port and the fourth port, or between the first port and the fourth port, when the spool is in a position between the communicating position and the neutral position.
id-JP2019007586A    abstract-[problem] a hydraulic drive system that can regenerate the kinetic energy during deceleration operation of a hydraulic motor at any time is provided. The hydraulic drive system 1a includes the hydraulic motor 16 and the tilting of the two-way pump 23 and the two-way pump 23, which are driven by the engine 21 and connected to the hydraulic motor to form the first closed loop 4 and supply the hydraulic oil to the hydraulic motor. The first regulator 24 is used to adjust the rotation Angle, and the two-way motor 26 is connected to the hydraulic motor in such a way as to form the second closed loop 5. The two-way motor 26 is driven by the hydraulic oil discharged from the hydraulic motor when the hydraulic motor is decelerated. A flywheel 54 rotated by the flywheel 54, a second regulator 27 adjusted the tilt Angle of the bidirectional motor, and a control device 9 controlled the first regulator and the second regulator based on the operation of the hydraulic motor. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20180347152A1    abstract-A kinetic energy recovery system (KERS) tier a machine having a swing motor and/or an actuator includes a hydraulic motor/pump that can output pressurized fluid for operating at least one of: the swing motor and the actuator. A first shaft of the hydraulic motor/pump can be rotated by fluid returning from at least one of: the swing motor and the actuator back to the hydraulic motor/pump. Further, the KERS also includes a flywheel that can selectively couple with the first shaft with the help of a first clutch. The flywheel stores drive power generated by the hydraulic motor/pump from the return flow of fluid when the first clutch couples the flywheel with the first shaft of the hydraulic motor/pump. A gearing arrangement is coupled to the flywheel and can selectively engage with a second shaft associated with a prime mover of the machine with the help of a second clutch.
id-EP3428435A1    abstract-There is provided an actuator (100) for an aircraft thrust reverser, comprising a first member (102), a second member (130) movable relative to the first member (102), a third member (150) movable relative to the first member (102) and the second member (130), and a lock system (200) configured to selectively lock the second member (130) to the third member (150) in a first stage of actuation, and the first member (102) to the second member (130) in a second, separate stage of actuation.
id-US11274417B2    abstract-A hydraulic drive system of a construction machine includes: a boom control valve connected to a boom cylinder by a boom raising supply line and a boom lowering supply line; a pump that sucks hydraulic oil through a suction line, and delivers the hydraulic oil through a delivery line; a regenerative valve that brings the boom raising supply line and the suction line into communication with each other through a regenerative line when a boom lowering operation is performed; and a controller that controls an accumulator switching valve. The controller: switches the accumulator switching valve to a pressure accumulation position when a pressure accumulation condition is satisfied; switches the accumulator switching valve to a pressure release position when a pressure release condition is satisfied; and switches the accumulator switching valve to a neutral position when neither the pressure accumulation condition nor the pressure release condition is satisfied.
id-US20210108657A1    abstract-A fluid circuit for air cylinders is provided with a switching valve, an air supply source, an exhaust port and a check valve. When the switching valve is in a first position, one cylinder chamber is connected with the air supply source and the other cylinder chamber is connected with the exhaust port. When the switching valve is in a second position, the one cylinder chamber is connected with the other cylinder chamber via the check valve, and the one cylinder chamber is connected with the exhaust port. The acoustic velocity conductance of a pipe connecting the switching valve and a cylinder port part of the one cylinder chamber is lower than the acoustic velocity conductance of the switching valve and the cylinder port part of the one cylinder chamber.
id-US11460055B2    abstract-An air-preparation device for a motor vehicle, including: at least one first compressed air connection and a second compressed air connection; and a first air-preparation component and a second air-preparation component; wherein the first air-preparation component has at least one first solenoid valve, a second solenoid valve and a third solenoid valve, a first air drier cartridge, a first main nonreturn valve, a first regeneration nonreturn valve, a first regeneration throttle and a first inlet valve, wherein the second air-preparation component has at least one second air drier cartridge, a second main nonreturn valve, a second regeneration nonreturn valve, a second regeneration throttle and a second inlet valve, wherein the first solenoid valve and the second solenoid valve are for controlling the first air-preparation component, and wherein a control line is configured so that the second air-preparation component is connected to the third solenoid valve of the first air-preparation component.
id-US10927854B2    abstract-Electro-hydraulic work vehicle system having a hydraulic lift mechanism comprising a first electric machine, a first hydraulic machine operatively connected to the first electric machine. A load holding valve is switchable between a first position in which it retains pressurized fluid in the hydraulic lift mechanism and a second position in which it enables pressurized fluid to flow between the first hydraulic machine and the hydraulic lift mechanism. A pressure relief valve is switchable between a first, initial position in which it prevents pressurized fluid from flowing from the first hydraulic machine to the hydraulic tank and a second position in which it enables pressurized fluid to flow from the first hydraulic machine to the hydraulic tank. An hydraulic energy storage is hydraulically connected between the first hydraulic machine and the relief valve, wherein in decent mode of hydraulic lift mechanism, the hydraulic system is configured to supply pressurized fluid to the hydraulic energy storage and when the load-holding valve is at its second position and the pressure relief valve is at its first position, wherein pressurized fluid from the hydraulic lift mechanism is capable of driving the first hydraulic machine which can drive the first electric machine to create electricity that can be stored in the electrical energy storage, and/or is capable of charging the hydraulic energy storage.
id-WO2019098116A1    abstract-The drive system of construction machinery includes a control device that controls the fuel injection valve so that the actual speed of the engine reaches the set speed, and a boom cylinder that supplies hydraulic oil from a pump driven by the engine. It is equipped with a hydraulic circuit that is configured so that the pump is driven by the pressure oil discharged from the da, and a boom operating device including a boom operating lever. The fuel supply to the engine is cut off when the boom cut condition, which includes the amount of operation of the bar below the first threshold, is met, and when the boom cut condition is not met, or the actual speed of the engine falls below the second threshold. Then the fuel supply to the engine resumed.
