id-US10473125B2    abstract-To reduce the cost by reducing the number of parts and simplify the control of regeneration in the hydraulic actuator even though the meter-in control and the meter-out control can be performed separately while the supply and the discharge of hydraulic fluid is controlled. A meter-in valve that controls supply flow from a hydraulic pump into a hydraulic cylinder is provided, and meter-out switching valve that switches the direction of supply and discharge of the hydraulic oil into the hydraulic cylinder and controls the discharge flow from the hydraulic cylinder to the oil tank is installed on the down stream side of the meter-in valve, and further, a regeneration control valve is installed on the down stream side of the meter-out switching valve.
id-US10233613B2    abstract-A shovel includes a swing hydraulic motor configured to swing a rotating structure, a swing drive hydraulic circuit configured to drive the swing hydraulic motor, an assist hydraulic motor connected to an engine and configured to be supplied with hydraulic oil discharged from the swing drive hydraulic circuit, and a controller configured to control the driving of the shovel. The controller is configured to detect the load condition of the engine, and control the supply of the hydraulic oil to the assist hydraulic motor at the time of deceleration of the swing hydraulic motor, based on the detected load condition.
id-US9809958B2    abstract-An energy recovery system for a machine having a movable work tool, a swing motor to swing the work tool about a vertical axis, a pump providing pressurized fluid to the swing motor, a power source outputting power to drive the pump, and a controller. The energy recovery system may include a first accumulator, a swing charge valve selectively connecting the swing motor to the first accumulator, an assist motor operatively connected to the power source, and a discharge selectively connecting the first accumulator to the assist motor. The swing charge valve may fluidly connect the swing motor to the first accumulator when fluid pressure from the swing motor is greater than a charge set pressure. The controller may cause the discharge valve to fluidly connect the first accumulator with the assist motor when the power demand on the power source is greater than a minimum assisted power demand.
id-US9951795B2    abstract-Engine anti-idling and restart may be implemented in a machine having a power source, a movable work tool, a pump driven by the power source, an actuator receiving fluid from the pump and moving the work tool, a high-pressure fluid reservoir, and an assist motor operatively connected to the power source. Engine restart may include detecting operator input to start the power source, and fluidly connecting the fluid reservoir to the assist motor to assist in starting the power source in response to detecting the operator input. Prior to shutting down the power source during anti-idling, fluid from the pump may be input to the assist motor, pressurized and communicated to the high-pressure fluid reservoir in response to determining that idle condition exists and a reservoir charge pressure is less than a reservoir minimum restart pressure needed to restart the power source.
id-WO2016153014A1    abstract-The excavator has an auxiliary hydraulic motor 40 to assist the engine drive and a regenerative valve 22g arranged between the swivel hydraulic motor and the auxiliary hydraulic motor. When the rotating hydraulic motor decelerates and the hydraulic oil pressure discharged from the rotating hydraulic motor reaches the threshold set based on the relief pressure, controller 30 opens the regenerating valve 22g and discharging the action from the rotating hydraulic motor 21. Oil is supplied to the auxiliary hydraulic motor 40.
id-JP2016205549A    abstract-[problem] we provide a flow control valve with a valve block that can be used in both the internal pilot type and the external pilot type. Solution: the flow control valve 50 supplies the tank port 52, the actuator discharge port 53, the internal pilot port 54 and the working fluid discharged from the first pump P1 to the valve block 60 from the opening side of the containment hole 51. The supply path 65 in the block is formed, and at least part of the supply path 65 in the block is formed on the axis of the containment hole 51 and is separated from the bottom of the containment hole 51 on the opposite side of the opening, and is on the axis of the containment hole 51 The feature is that the distance L1 between supply channel 65 in the locking block and internal pilot port 54 is greater than the distance L2 between internal pilot port 54 and actuator discharge port 53 on the axis of containment hole 51. Select diagram: figure 3
id-US10344458B2    abstract-A hydraulic drive system  100 A for a work machine includes: a boom cylinder  4 ; an arm cylinder  8 ; a hydraulic pump device  51 ; a control valve  5 ; a regenerative device  61 ; a first operation device  41 ; a second operation device  42 ; a sensor device  71 ; and a controller  27 . The sensor device  71  includes at least one of pressure sensors  23, 24, 25 , and  26 . The controller  27  includes an abnormality detection part  142  and a first control part. The abnormality detection part  142  determines whether or not the sensor device  71  is abnormal. If the sensor device  71  is abnormal, the first control part controls the regenerative device  61  such that the hydraulic fluid returning from the boom cylinder  4  is not supplied to the arm cylinder  8  even if the values measured by the sensor device  71  satisfy regenerative conditions.
id-US10407876B2    abstract-A hydraulic system for construction machinery comprises a regeneration valve unit including a first opening/closing valve installed in a first hydraulic line which connects a head-side chamber of a boom cylinder and a drain tank, to open and close the first hydraulic line, and a second opening/closing valve installed in a second hydraulic line which is branched from the first hydraulic line and is connected to a rod-side chamber of the boom cylinder, to open and close the second hydraulic line, a first check valve installed in the second hydraulic line between the rod-side chamber and the regeneration valve unit and configured to selectively drain a working oil discharged from the rod-side chamber to the drain tank, and a control unit configured to control opening and closing of the first opening/closing valve, the second opening/closing valve and the first check valve according to a control mode.
id-WO2016194935A1    abstract-The control system of the hybrid construction machine (100) is the first and second main pumps (30) supplying hydraulic oil to the boom cylinder (26, 27), a regenerative motor (46) rotating by the hydraulic oil discharged from the boom cylinder (30), a controller (50) for regenerative control using a regenerative motor (46), and an assist pump connected to the regenerative motor (46) (4). 7), actuator assist passage (71, 71a) connecting discharge side of assist pump (47) and rod side chamber (30b) of boom cylinder (30), and actuator assist passage (71, 71) It is equipped with boom assist control valves (74, 78) installed in 71a).
id-US20180195538A1    abstract-An energy-saving hydraulic system includes an exerting hydraulic device, a buffering receptacle arranged at one side of the exerting hydraulic device, an impetus hydraulic device connecting to the exerting hydraulic device, and a recovering hydraulic device. The exerting hydraulic device has a loading receptacle selectively disposed at a first high position and a first low position. The impetus hydraulic device has a transferring receptacle selectively disposed at a second high position, a recovering position, and a second low position. The second low position is lower than the buffering receptacle. The recovering hydraulic device connects the exerting hydraulic device and the impetus hydraulic device, and includes a sustaining portion. When the impetus hydraulic device is lowering to the second low position, it contacts the sustaining portion of the recovering hydraulic device to push working liquid to flow back the exerting hydraulic device from the recovering hydraulic device.
id-US20170009632A1    abstract-An apparatus for transferring recovered power of a waste heat recovery unit (WHRU) includes a hydraulic pump converting the recovered power generated by an expander of the WHRU into a hydraulic energy; and a hydraulic motor converting the hydraulic energy converted by the hydraulic pump into rotational energy and transferring the rotational energy to a vehicle engine.
id-US11225776B2    abstract-A hydraulic system for recovering potential energy of a load implement of a mobile construction vehicle. The hydraulic system includes first and second actuators and control valving. The first and second actuators are configured to be coupled to the load implement for controlling raising and lowering of the load element. The control valving is operable between a first position at which, during a lowering of the load implement, the control valving directs hydraulic fluid from one of the first and second actuators to an accumulator to charge the accumulator, and a second position at which the control valving directs hydraulic fluid from the accumulator to one or more of the first and second actuators to power the one or more of the first and second actuators to raise the load element.
id-WO2017030954A1    abstract-A hydraulic circuit (105) is pressurized by a hydraulic pump (104) driven by a power source (101) in a machine (100). The hydraulic circuit (105) is configured to use pressurized fluid (116) from an accumulator (114) to drive a hydraulic accessory (110) when the hydraulic pump (104) is inactive and the power source (101) is shut down for fuel savings during idle operations. A valve (120), (124) may be configured to selectively supply pressurized hydraulic fluid (116) to the accessory (110) when the pump (104) is inactive.
id-EP3133043A1    abstract-The invention provides a mass (H), especially for forklift trucks, mass stands, mobile hydraulic equipment, working vehicles and other types of aircraft, providing lifting shafts (5) and axes (9), all small plugs, especially liquid crystal switches. The vehicle also (5) can be adjusted with a pump (6) activated by a single engine (M), and the chassis has a safe chassis. If the drop line (9) has a muffler frame (17), the sinking speed can be adjusted. The lower chain (9) Dugan (17) specifies a fork (18) where the lower line (9) separates and straightens (13). Thus, this is a heavier push on the return lines (13' 1) because these areas (9) can be used with gallows posts (6) to rearrange the row pumps (6), so these pumps (6) can be used with rearrangement rods (13') to rearrange the energy. Also indicates Hubmodul (H) stromab Ablassleitung branch (18)(13)angeordnetes 2/2-Wegeventil with Absperrstellung between Fluidverbindung Senkstrang Ablassleitung(9) and (13) set up a roadblock,Durchlassstellung, one of the chips in Senkstrang(9) led by more than Ablassleitung(13) fuel tank (T) can row in time.
id-US20170044737A1    abstract-The present disclosure is related to an energy recovery system for a machine having an implement. The energy recovery system includes a linear actuator configured to move the implement and an accumulator configured to selectively collect pressurized fluid from the linear actuator. The energy recovery system includes a first control valve configured to regulate a capacity of the accumulator, a second control valve fluidly disposed between the accumulator and the linear actuator, and a controller. The controller is configured to determine a first level capacity of the accumulator based on a condition of a terrain traversable by the machine during a travel segment. The controller is configured to control the first control valve to set the capacity of the accumulator based on the determined first level capacity prior to the travel segment.
id-US10584722B2    abstract-A hydraulic fluid energy regeneration apparatus of a work machine includes: a regeneration hydraulic motor driven by a return hydraulic fluid; a first hydraulic pump mechanically connected to the regeneration hydraulic motor; a second hydraulic pump that delivers a hydraulic fluid for driving a hydraulic actuator; a confluence line that causes the hydraulic fluid delivered from the first hydraulic pump to join the hydraulic fluid delivered from the second hydraulic pump; a first adjuster configured to adjust the flow rate of the hydraulic fluid of the first hydraulic pump; and a second adjuster configured to adjust the delivery flow rate of the second hydraulic pump. A control device includes: a first calculation section configured to calculate a non-confluence time pump flow rate in the case where the hydraulic actuator is driven solely by the second hydraulic pump and calculate a control command output to the first adjuster such that the flow rate of the hydraulic fluid from the first hydraulic pump is equal to or lower than the non-confluence time pump flow rate; and a second calculation section configured to calculate a target pump flow rate by subtracting from the non-confluence time pump flow rate the flow rate of the hydraulic fluid from the first hydraulic pump and calculate a control command output to the second adjuster such that the target pump flow rate is attained.
id-US20170082123A1    abstract-Systems store energy mechanically at a first time and extract the energy at a later time. When excess electricity from renewable sources or during off-peak periods is available, a pump directs a working liquid (L) to pressurize a gas (G) that is confined within a pressure vessel. When electricity from renewable sources is not available or during periods of peak demand or pricing, the pressurized gas (G) directs the working liquid (L) through a hydropower turbine. The turbine drives a generator through a mechanical coupling to provide electricity for powering a load. In addition, the system can leverage (take) any waste heat as the input to boost the efficiency of the system. The described systems function at ground level and are modular and scalable in capacity.
id-EP3358202A1    abstract-A hydraulic cylinder drive device includes: a hydraulic cylinder that includes a piston rod actuating a device; a motor generator that functions as a motor actuated by electric power from outside of the device and functions as a generator supplying the electric power to the outside of the device; a first variable displacement pump motor coupled to the motor generator, functions as a hydraulic pump supplying a pressure to a cap-side pressure chamber in the hydraulic cylinder, and functions as a power unit of the motor generator by the pressure supplied from the cap-side pressure chamber; and a second variable displacement pump motor coupled to the motor generator, functions as a hydraulic pump supplying a pressure to a rod-side pressure chamber in the hydraulic cylinder, and functions as a power unit of the motor generator by the pressure supplied from the rod-side pressure chamber.
id-EP3159549A1    abstract-The invention relates to the distribution of hydraulischer energy though with peers using a research tool plus Mooring pumps to the enterprise as pumps or engines, using Hochdruckspeicher Drossel-Differentialschaltung to connect the Bodenseite Arbeitszylinders of Stangenseite Arbeitszylinders Arbeitsgerats and having Arbeitsgerat.
id-US10174770B2    abstract-A hydraulic control system for a machine is provided. The hydraulic control system includes a fluid reservoir and a pump motor. The pump motor is fluidly coupled to the fluid reservoir. The pump motor is configured to provide pressurized fluid and to receive fluid to provide a power output to the shaft. The hydraulic control system further includes an actuator and an accumulator fluidly coupled to the pump motor and the actuator. The hydraulic control system further includes an accumulator valve and a controller. The accumulator valve is fluidly coupled between the accumulator and the pump motor. The controller is in communication with the pump motor and the accumulator valve. The controller is configured to detect an operator command to operate the power source; determine pressure at the accumulator; and selectively move the accumulator valve to fluidly connect the accumulator with the pump motor.
id-US9932993B2    abstract-A hydraulic control system for a machine is provided. The hydraulic control system includes a fluid reservoir, a pump motor and an accumulator. The pump motor is configured to provide pressurized fluid and to receive fluid to provide a power output. The hydraulic control system further includes a hydraulic actuator having a first and a second chamber, a first valve, a regenerative valve, and a controller. The controller is in communication with the first valve and the regenerative valve to selectively actuate the regenerative valve to allow flow of a first portion of the fluid from the first chamber to the second chamber. The controller is further configured to selectively actuate the first valve to allow flow of a second portion of the fluid from the first chamber through the pump motor to provide the power output to a shaft of a power source.
id-US11179750B2    abstract-For tamping a track, tamping tines are squeezed towards one another in pairs by a squeezing cylinder. A vibration is superimposed on a linear lift motion of a squeezing piston movable in the squeezing cylinder. The vibration is generated by a vibration piston which is arranged in the squeezing cylinder and which is movable independently of the squeezing piston.
