id-WO2022201792A1    abstract-A hydraulic pump that discharges pressure oil driven by an engine, a hydraulic actuator that operates with pressure oil discharged by a hydraulic pump, a pressure storage device that stores pressure oil discharged from the hydraulic actuator, a hydraulic actuator and pressure storage equipment A pressure sensor that detects the pressure of the pressure storage device, and a control device that controls the pressure control valve based on the detection results of the pressure sensor. Ready. The control device controls the differential pressure control valve so that the front and rear differential pressure of the control valve is reduced in response to the increase in the pressure of the storage device detected by the pressure sensor.
id-EP4080062A1    abstract-In the presented solution an electrohydraulic actuator (1) comprises an electric motor (6), a first hydraulic unit (2), and a second hydraulic unit (7). The electric motor (6), the first hydraulic unit (2), and the second hydraulic unit (7) are connected together such that they convey energy between them. The first hydraulic unit (2) is arranged to feed hydraulic fluid to a hydraulic actuator (3) and the electric motor (6) is arranged to control the feed of hydraulic fluid to the hydraulic actuator (3) by means of the first hydraulic unit (2). The second hydraulic unit (7) is connected to a hydraulic accumulator (8). Furthermore, when one of the first hydraulic unit (2) and the second hydraulic unit (7) displaces hydraulic fluid to its pressure port (2a, 7a) the other may be arranged to displace hydraulic fluid to a low-pressure port (2b, 7b) and vice versa.
id-EP4080063A1    abstract-An hydraulic distributor comprises at least one main spool configured to define a delivery branch, and a discharge branch, a feed branch and a pressure compensator configured such that a local pressure acts on a first side thereof and a maximum Load Sensing pressure acts on a second side characterising either the working pressure of the hydraulic section, in the case in which there is only one hydraulic section, or, in the case in which there is a plurality of hydraulic sections, each one defining a respective characteristic pressure, of the maximum pressure among the characteristic pressures of the hydraulic sections. The pressure compensator is arranged such as to respectively intercept said delivery branch and said discharge branch.
id-EP4095393A1    abstract-A hydraulic distributor comprises at least one main spool configured to define a delivery segment, and a discharge segment, a supply segment and a pressure compensator configured in such a way that acting on one of a first side thereof is a local pressure and acting on a second side is a maximum Load Sensing pressure either characteristic of the working pressure of the hydraulic user, in the case single hydraulic user is present, or, in the case of a plurality of hydraulic users are present, each defining a respective characteristic pressure, characteristic of the maximum pressure among the characteristic pressures of the hydraulic users. The pressure compensator comprises at least three ways, of which a third way is configured in such a way as to connect the discharge segment with an energy recovery stretch connectable to an energy recovery device. The pressure compensator comprises a position sensor configured to detect the position of said pressure compensator and transmit it to a control unit operatively connected to the energy recovery device.
id-US11542684B2    abstract-A hydraulic machine is provided. A boom actuator includes a large chamber and a small chamber. A recovery unit receives fluid discharged from the large chamber and then recovers energy. A recovery line connects the large chamber and the recovery unit. An accumulator is connected to the recovery line. A jack-up assist line connects the accumulator and the small chamber. A jack-up assist valve is disposed on the jack-up assist line to block flow of fluid from the accumulator to the small chamber in a first position and allow the flow of fluid from the accumulator to the small chamber in a second position. A controller controls movement of the jack-up assist valve. The controller may determine whether or not the hydraulic machine is in a jack-up condition, and when the hydraulic machine is determined to be in the jack-up condition, moves the jack-up assist valve to the second position.
id-US20220397439A1    abstract-An example valve includes: a plurality of ports comprising: a first port, a second port, and a third port; a spool configured to block fluid flow from the first port to the third port while allowing fluid flow from the third port to the second port when the valve is in an unactuated state; a spring applying a biasing force on the spool in a proximal direction, wherein when the valve is actuated, the spool moves in a distal direction against the spring, thereby allowing fluid flow from the first port to the third port while blocking fluid flow from the third port to the second port; and a turbine configured to rotate as fluid flows from the first port to the third port when the valve is in an actuated state.
id-WO2022261165A1    abstract-An example valve includes: a seat member; a spool configured to be seated on the seat member to block fluid flow from a first port to a second port when the valve is in a closed state, wherein fluid at the first port applies a fluid force on the spool; a spring applying a biasing force on the spool toward the seat member, wherein as the fluid force overcomes the biasing force, the spool moves in the proximal direction off the seat member, thereby allowing fluid flow from the first port to the second port through a flow area formed between the spool and the seat member; a turbine configured to rotate as fluid flowing through the flow area flows downstream across the turbine; and an electric generator coupled to the turbine, such that rotation of the turbine causes the electric generator to generate electric power.
id-EP4112946A1    abstract-Hydraulic arrangement (1) for a work vehicle provided with a boom configured to be controlled via a pair of cylinders (4, 5) and an energy recovery system (7) comprising a pair of support cylinders (8, 9) configured to cooperate with the pair of cylinders (4, 5) and at least an accumulator (11),the hydraulic arrangement (1) comprising a feeding conduit (12) fluidly connecting the accumulator (11) and the support cylinders (8, 9) and a selection module (31) fluidly interposed on the feeding conduit (12), the selection module (31) being configured to regulate the fluid passage between accumulator (11), support cylinders (8, 9) and a tank (20, 20') of the work vehicle.
id-US11661958B2    abstract-A high-pressure unit (HPU) skid for greasing and actuating a frac tree valve includes one or more hydraulic pumps, a grease pump, a hydraulic reservoir, and two or more accumulators all of which are mounted on a portable frame. The HPU skid further includes fluidic connections to connect the frac tree valve to an output of the grease pump and fluidic connections to connect the frac tree valve to at least one of the two or more accumulators. The hydraulic pumps are configured to withdraw hydraulic fluid from the hydraulic reservoir for charging the accumulators, operating the grease pump, or charging the accumulators and operating the grease pump at a same time.
id-US20230054596A1    abstract-A spool valve for controlling the flow of a fluid into a reciprocating piston cylinder. A spool is slideably inserted into an outer casing, the spool valve having a first and a second non-waisted end portions and having a waisted middle portion. The casing has an intake port and output port for fluids entering and exiting the casing. A first non-waisted end portion covers the intake port during a first valve-closed event as the spool slides in one direction within the casing. The waisted middle portion is sufficiently wide to uncover both the intake port and the output port during a valve-open event as the spool slides in one direction within the casing. A second non-waisted end portion covers the output port during a second valve-closed event as the spool slides in the same one direction within the casing.
id-US11459730B1    abstract-A hydraulic system for a work vehicle that has a frame, a ground-engaging implement that moves the frame over a ground surface, and an attachment connected to the frame for movement with respect to the frame. The hydraulic system includes a pump that pumps hydraulic fluid, a first conduit fluidly connecting the pump and the attachment, a reservoir that contains hydraulic fluid, a second conduit fluidly connecting the pump to the reservoir, a fluid resistor fluidly connected with the second conduit, and a valve. The fluid resistor dissipates power from the work vehicle. The valve actuates between a first state in which the valve fluidly connects the pump to the first conduit such that hydraulic fluid is directed to the attachment, and a second state in which the valve fluidly connects the pump to the second conduit such that fluid is directed through the fluid resistor and into the reservoir.
id-WO2023036683A1    abstract-A mobile mechanical propeller (1), preferably a rotating hydraulic mixer (4), is connected to the first consumer cylinder (44) and automatically regenerates potential energy when the first consumer cylinder is turned (44). In addition, the hydraulic pump (1) has a hydraulic pump (2) connected to other excess consumer airbags (90), which are pushed. The durchschwenkfahige Hydraulikmaschine(4) is about the first Steuerkreislauf with the first (5) and the first Hydraulikpumpe Verbraucherzylindern(44)(2) A rocky second Steuerkreislauf(84) connected with other Verbraucherzylindern(90) Steuerkreislaufe (84) is the hydraulisch apart.
id-WO2023041473A1    abstract-The hydraulic propulsion system is designed to display a hydraulic cylinder with a first cylinder and a second cylinder on a first moving side and a hydraulic power system. There is also a hydraulic water reservoir in addition, the hydraulic ballast system consists of a thruster with a first inlet and a second inlet. Also designed is the first controllable valve, the first controllable valve according to the requirements of a sports tire, in the first layer of the water column is hydraulic. It is also planned to set up a second controllable valve which, according to the requirements of locomotion, establishes a hydraulic pressure valve between the second connector of the second hydraulic electric vehicle and the second attachment of the second hydraulic electric vehicle or the first electric vehicle of the first electric vehicle: the second is automatically connected by a turntable variable. In addition, the second connection of the first hydraulic machine and the connection of the second fertilizer are both connected by the first hydraulic hangar. In the first motion groove, the cylinder is connected with the first water hydraulic pump, and the first vocal cord is connected with the second operating hydraulic press. In the second transcript, the first hydraulic battery is connected to the second connection point of the second machine.
id-WO2023065625A1    abstract-The utility model relates to a construction machinery electro-hydraulic compound energy storage drive system and a control method of the system. A plurality of pressure sensors, a generator controller (19) and a working motor controller (21) feedback control signals to the whole machine controller (18). Generator controller (19), working motor controller (21), proportional directional valve (8), electromagnetic directional valve (15) as a signal output terminal connected to the whole machine controller (18), the system can make the electric drive construction machinery work in the dramatic load condition, the power battery system output current to maintain a healthy and stable optimal value. It avoids the problem of battery life reduction caused by large current discharge of power battery caused by drastic load of construction machinery, improves the service cycle of power battery, and makes up for the lack of slow power response of power battery drive system.
id-US20230151830A1    abstract-The present disclosure relates to a hydraulic-electric coupling driven multi-actuator system and control method, and belongs to technical fields of hydraulic transmission and electro-mechanical transmission. The hydraulic-electric coupling driven multi-actuator system comprises one or more hydraulic-electric hybrid driven actuators, first inverters, control valves, centralized hydraulic units and control units, wherein the number of the first inverters and the number of the control valves are the same as that of the hydraulic-electric hybrid driven actuators; each hydraulic-electric hybrid driven actuator is correspondingly connected with one first inverter and one control valve; the centralized hydraulic units are connected with the control valves and configured to supply oil for the hydraulic-electric hybrid driven actuators and to perform power compensation; and the control units are respectively connected with the hydraulic-electric hybrid driven actuators, and each control unit is configured to control output torque of a first motor of the corresponding hydraulic-electric hybrid driven actuator based on pressure information of the hydraulic-electric hybrid driven actuator, such that pressure of driving cavities of the hydraulic-electric hybrid driven actuators is equal, which greatly reduces throttling loss caused by the load differences of the actuators.
id-WO2023092214A1    abstract-A regenerative actuation system is taught for actuating a downhole pump. The system includes a lift cylinder in connection with the downhole pump, said cylinder moveable from an upstroke position to a downstroke position for actuation of the downhole pump; a hydraulic pump for pumping hydraulic fluid to the lift cylinder to actuate the lift cylinder in the upstroke and for receiving hydraulic fluid from the lift cylinder in the downstroke, thus allowing fluid flow in both directions; a flywheel for collecting energy from the hydraulic pump in the downstroke and for powering the hydraulic pump in the upstroke; and a motor for initiating rotation of the flywheel until the flywheel ramps up to its operating speed. An internal rod rotator assembly is also taught for engaging connection between a piston of a hydraulic lift cylinder, a cylinder rod and a rod string running downhole to an artificial lift pump, including a drive assembly having a first end comprising a set of drive dogs, the drive dogs being engageable with the lift cylinder piston; a lead nut connected to a second end of the drive assembly; and a lead screw anchored to a lower cylinder flange of the lift cylinder. Downward movement of the lift cylinder piston as engaged with the drive dogs serves to move the drive assembly downwardly and to threadably and rotationally engage the lead nut with the lead screw, causing rotation of the drive assembly and in turn rotation of the lift cylinder piston, cylinder rod and the rod string.
