id-JP2017503103A    abstract-電気・水コジェネレーションシステム及び方法において、廃蒸気によって塩水を加熱することにより、塩水の中のカルシウム・マグネシウム化合物をカルシウム・マグネシウム水垢として素早く結晶化させ、析出し、濾過によって、洗浄水を獲得し、カルシウム・マグネシウム水垢を除去するステップ１と、廃蒸気によって、洗浄水を高温で蒸留することにより、飽和蒸気と濃塩水を生成し、また濃塩水を排出するステップ２と、飽和蒸気の熱エネルギーを電気エネルギーに変換させ、飽和蒸気が熱エネルギーを放出した後に生成した凝縮水を二つの部分に分けられ、一部は淡水として排出されるステップ３と、他の一部の凝縮水を加熱することにより過熱蒸気を生成し、また過熱蒸気の熱エネルギーを電気エネルギーに変換し、過熱蒸気が熱エネルギーを放出した後生成した廃蒸気を、フィードバックし塩水を加熱し、フィードバックし洗浄水を高温蒸気するステップ４と、を含むことである。前記電気・水コジェネレーションシステムは、クリーニング装置(１０)と、混合型熱交換器(２０)と、廃熱発電機(３０)と、火力発電装置(４０)と、を含み、前記電気・水コジェネレーションシステムの作業過程は、前記電気・水コジェネレーション方法と同様である。電気・水コジェネレーションシステム及び方法は、低コストで効率的な電気・水コジェネレーションを実現することである。【選択図】図２
id-US9791146B2    abstract-A novel processed vapor make-up water subsystem that uses a make-up water boiler to boil and purify make-up water and its method of use are described. Upon vaporization, dissolved solids remain in the liquid water in the bottom of the make-up boiler and the solids free steam is introduced into the main boiler loop through a deaerator. Periodically, the water in the bottom of the make-up boiler is blown down when the amount of dissolved solids in the water reach a predetermined level.
id-CA2941547A1    abstract-The invention relates to a water-steam circuit (1) of a power plant (2), comprising at least one low-pressure steam system (3) and a reservoir (4) for waste water from the water-steam circuit (1), wherein the reservoir (4) has, in addition to at least one waste water feed line (31), a further heat supply (5) from the water-steam circuit (1) and a steam outlet (6) which is connected via a waste steam pipe (7) to the low-pressure steam system (3) of the water-steam circuit (1). The invention also relates to a method for cleaning waste water from a power plant (2) having a water-steam circuit (1), wherein the waste water is conducted into a reservoir (4) and, in addition to a steam fraction generated by automatic evaporation of waste water in the reservoir (4), a water fraction that is also produced is evaporated using energy from the water-steam circuit (1), and the entire steam mass flow is introduced into a low-pressure steam system (3) of the power plant (2).
id-CA2890561C    abstract-Provided is a scheme for a coal fired oxy boiler power plant in which a steam coil oxygen preheater (5) located on an oxygen line Air Separation Unit is thermally integrated with the condensate system. Thermal energy for the steam coil oxygen preheater (5) is provided via an extraction line (4) connected to a steam extraction port (2) of an intermediate pressure steam turbine (1). A drain line (8) of the steam coil oxygen preheater (5) fluidly connects the steam coil oxygen preheater to a point of the Rankine steam cycle fluidly within the condensate system.
id-CN105090926A    abstract-本发明涉及具有热结合式空气分离单元的氧锅炉功率装置。提供一种用于将空气分离单元在热的方面结合到燃煤氧锅炉功率装置中的方案。空气分离单元具有干燥器，干燥器具有干燥器加热器(5)，其中，抽取管路(4)将蒸汽抽取端口(2)连接到干燥器加热器(5)上。然后干燥器加热器(5)的排出管路(8)将再生加热器在流体方面连接到兰金蒸汽循环的在流体方面位于冷凝系统内的点上。
id-US9840939B2    abstract-In one or more of the inventive aspects, when a gas turbine system of a power plant operates at part load, a moisture content of fuel gas provided to the gas turbine system may be controlled so as to minimize combustion dynamics and/or to comply with emission requirements. The fuel gas moisture content may be controlled by modulating a flow of heated water to a fuel moisturizer. By using heated water from a heat recovery steam generator to moisturize the fuel gas, heat energy from the water may be transferred to the fuel gas, and the overall mass flow may be enhanced to thereby increase overall combined cycle efficiency.
id-KR20170044734A    abstract-본 발명은, 열수 처리 플랜트와 함께 증기 터빈 플랜트를 동작시키기 위한 어레인지먼트 및 방법에 관한 것으로, 어레인지먼트는 증기 터빈의 배기 가스로부터 원수를 응축하기 위한 제 1 응축기, 원수 및 공기를 이용하여 동작하기 위한 증발기 ― 증발기에서 물질 및 열의 전달들이 발생함 ―, 증가된 농도들의 불순물들을 갖는 원수를 수용하기 위한 탱크, 증발기의 다운스트림의, 공기로부터 순수를 응축하기 위한 제 2 응축기, 정화된 물을 이용하여 동작하기 위한 적어도 하나의 증기 터빈을 갖는다.
id-CN104454406A    abstract-本发明公开了一种太阳能-褐煤耦合互补发电系统，包括蒸汽干燥机、锅炉、太阳能蒸汽发生器、汽轮机以及汽轮机回热系统；所述蒸汽干燥机的提质煤出口与锅炉的燃料入口连接，锅炉的蒸汽出口与汽轮机蒸汽入口连接，汽轮机的排汽口与汽轮机回热系统连接，汽轮机上连接有发电机，汽轮机回热系统的出口与锅炉的给水入口连接；汽轮机回热系统的出口或干燥机凝结水的出口还与太阳能蒸汽发生器的入口连接，太阳能蒸汽发生器的出口分为两路，一路与蒸汽干燥机的蒸汽入口连接，蒸汽干燥机的凝结水出口与汽轮机回热系统连接；另一路与汽轮机的抽汽口连接。系统利用太阳能对褐煤进行预干燥，降低褐煤中的水分，减小褐煤燃烧的烟气量，大幅度降低褐煤锅炉造价，提高能量利用效率。
id-NL2014686B1    abstract-Electrical power and distilled water generator comprising: a combustion device for driving an electrical power generator; a membrane distillation system comprising a heat transfer module for providing heat to a distillation module which comprises an evaporation part provided in a feed water flow passage, a condensation part provided adjacent to said evaporation part, and a hydrophobic porous membrane interposed between these parts, and a condenser unit fluidly connected to said condensation part, which condenser unit is coupled to a first cooling circuit, wherein said condensation part and/or said condenser unit are connected to a distillate flow passage; and a cooling system comprising an accumulator, and a condenser/evaporator which is coupled to a second cooling circuit, wherein said first and second cooling circuit are thermally coupled, and wherein the assembly is provided with a primary heating circuit, which is coupled to the combustion device, the heat transfer module, and the accumulator.
id-WO2016056896A1    abstract-Electrical power and distilled water generator comprising: • a combustion device (22) for driving an electrical power generator (21); • a membrane distillation system (3) comprising a heat transfer module for providing heat to a distillation module which comprises an evaporation part provided in a feed water flow passage, a condensation part provided adjacent to said evaporation part, and a hydrophobic porous membrane interposed between these parts, and a condenser unit fluidly connected to said condensation part, which condenser unit is coupled to a first cooling circuit, wherein said condensation part and/or said condenser unit are connected to a distillate flow passage; and • a cooling system (4) comprising an accumulator, and a condenser/ evaporator which is coupled to a second cooling circuit (42), • wherein said first and second cooling circuit are thermally coupled, and • wherein the assembly is provided with a primary heating circuit (5), which is coupled to the combustion device, the heat transfer module, and the accumulator.
id-DE102014221566A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zur Verkürzung des Anfahrvorgangs einer Dampfturbine (1), die ein Turbinengehäuse (2) und innerhalb des Turbinengehäuses (2) vorgesehene Turbinenkomponenten (3, 4, 5), welche im Betrieb mit einem das Turbinengehäuse (2) durchströmenden Arbeitsmedium in Berührung kommen und eine Turbinenwelle (3) umfassen, die das Turbinengehäuse (2) axial durchsetzt, aufweist, bei welchem der Dampfturbine (1) während eines Stillstands der Turbine (1) Wärmeenergie zugeführt wird, wobei dem Innenraum des Turbinengehäuses (2) während des Stillstands der Dampfturbine Dampf zugeführt wird, um die in dem Innenraum des Turbinengehäuses (2) vorgesehenen Turbinenkomponenten (3, 4, 5) zu erwärmen und/oder warmzuhalten.
id-EP3733615B1    abstract-
id-EP3225796A4    abstract-
id-US20160138428A1    abstract-A system includes a heat recovery steam generator (HRSG) including a first pressure economizer, a first pressure evaporator that may receive a first portion of a feed water from the first pressure economizer at a first pressure, a re-heat section that may receive the first portion of the feed water from the first pressure economizer as a first steam flow, and a flash system including a first flash vessel that may receive a second portion of the feed water from the first pressure economizer and to generate a first flash steam flow. The system may combine the first flash steam flow with the first steam flow of the feed water at a second pressure less than the first pressure.
