id-CN105484810B    abstract-本发明提供了一种乏汽机械压缩再利用的装置和方法，乏汽进入涡旋发生器变成高温乏汽和低温乏汽，进入冷凝器管束的低温乏汽吸收冷凝器空腔中的高温乏汽的部分热量，使得部分高压乏汽冷凝成冷凝水，冷凝水进入加热装置后产生超临界蒸汽，超临界蒸汽进入汽轮机膨胀做功输出动力带动压缩机做功，做功之后的超临界蒸汽压力降低并进入射流泵，带动由压缩机做功后压力上升的乏汽一起合成可供利用的再生乏汽；采用超临界高压蒸汽的部分能量推动膨胀机做功，带动压缩机将低压乏汽再压缩成中压乏汽直接利用；并改进冷凝器，实现凝结热被乏汽直接吸收循环利用；同时产生少量冷凝水满足超临界高压锅炉的用水需求，系统的实现蒸汽乏汽直接再生利用。
id-US20220088531A1    abstract-A combustion system and process of operating the combustion system incorporating an electrostatic precipitator, an optional flue gas desulfurizer, and a temperature swing adsorptive gas separator, for post-combustion emission abatement is provided. A steam stream may be employed as a first regeneration stream for the temperature swing adsorptive gas separator. A fluid stream at a suitable temperature for regeneration of at least one adsorbent material in the temperature swing adsorptive gas separator may be employed as a second regeneration stream where the fluid stream may be recovered from an auxiliary heater.
id-US20190093521A1    abstract-The object of the present invention is a plant and related method for the supply to the end-user, by making use of the heating power transferred by a heat source e.g. gas, oil products, coal or renewable type e.g. biomass, solar, geothermal, simultaneously with electric power and/or mechanical power, heating power and cooling power “Heating-Cooling” operating mode of the plant or simultaneously with electric power and/or mechanical power and heating power only “Heating” operating mode of the plant or simultaneously with electric power and/or mechanical power and cooling power only “Cooling” operating mode of the plant. The operation of the plant, according to each of the three operation modes, is obtained by the regulation of several on-off valves and a flow rate regulation valve.
id-WO2017157487A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft eine Kraftwerksanlage (1) mit einem Wasser-Dampf-Kreislauf (2) und mit einer mit dem Wasser- Dampf-Kreislauf (2) verbundenen Vorrichtung (3) zum Reinigen von Abwasser aus dem Wasser-Dampf-Kreislauf (2), wobei die Vorrichtung (3) zum Reinigen von Abwasser eine Einspeisestelle (4) umfasst, in die eine Rohwasserleitung (5) mündet. Die Erfindung betrifft ferner ein Verfahren zur Rohwasseraufbereitung in einer Kraftwerksanlage (1) mit einem Wasser- Dampf-Kreislauf (2).
id-US10982568B2    abstract-A pumping apparatus for a heat engine, includes an extraction line arranged to extract a fraction of liquid working fluid from a working circuit of a heat engine; an extraction line pump for pumping the extracted working fluid; an extraction line heat exchanger for vaporising the extracted working fluid; and a pressure-operated pump for pumping the working fluid around the working circuit, wherein the extraction line pump and the extraction line heat exchanger are arranged in series to convert the liquid working fluid to a pressurised motive gas; and wherein the pump is driven by the pressurized motive gas.
id-CN106016416A    abstract-本发明属于热电技术领域，涉及一种锅炉烟气与汽轮机乏汽耦合的高背压热电联产系统。本发明将原锅炉空气预热器分为低温和高温空气预热器，空气经低温空气预热器由背压机乏汽预热后，再经高温空气预热器用烟气加热到所需温度。本发明在锅炉尾部烟道内增设辅热网加热器，供热凝汽器循环水出口的部分热网水进入辅热网加热器回收烟气余热，加热后的该部分热网水与主热网加热器水侧出口的热网水混合作为一次网供水。本发明以低品位乏汽余热置换较高品位烟气热量加热热网水，实现锅炉尾部烟气能量梯级利用，同时减少了中压缸供热抽汽量，增加机组的供热能力，进一步挖掘高背压供热机组节能降耗潜力，适用于大型燃煤锅炉高背压热电联产系统的设计及改造。
id-CN105823111B    abstract-本发明公开了一种基于单元制湿冷机组的乏汽余热回收系统，包括汽轮机机组、凝汽器、冷却塔、循环水泵、水/水换热器、循环水系统、热泵、热网加热器，其中：循环水系统包括热网水管路、旁通水管路、混合水管路，旁通水管路连接旁通水与热网回水；水/水换热器连接凝汽器循环水与冷却塔循环水。本发明的目的是针对单元制湿冷机组，提出一种新型的乏汽余热回收系统，可将低真空技术与热泵技术有机结合，实现汽轮机乏汽余热深度利用，显著提高汽轮机的能源利用效率。
id-CN106051743B    abstract-本发明提供了一种沼气锅炉燃烧系统，包括沼气燃烧系统和原煤燃烧系统，其中所述沼气燃烧系统包括沼气发生装置、水封装置、保护氮源、风机装置、防回火燃烧器、锅炉、控制阀元件、传感器元件、管道元件和燃气控制系统，所述原煤燃烧系统包括原煤仓、输送通道、煤仓控制阀、引风机一、位于锅炉底部的风室、渣斗。所述传感器元件的输出端与燃气控制系统的输入端连接，所述燃气控制系统的输出端与气动控制阀元件连接。通过将沼气燃烧系统和原煤燃烧装置的搭配结合，提高本系统的稳定性；整套系统所有气动阀都配有手动阀，即双阀组，在气源电源出现问题时，可手动操作，安全性高；同时还具有蒸汽热能利用率高的优点。
id-WO2017204773A8    abstract-The basic condition of thermodynamics is that it is closed circuit. This is a main prerequisite for a thermodynamics system to be measurable and controllable. This is in full the ground on which CHP-w has been set up. There should not be any misconception about CHP-w like that; how can a thermodynamic equality produce more work reversely ? It is a fact that an equality must be the same on both sides. However, Cogeneration and Cogeneration-w are not two sides of an equality. Cogeneration and Cogeneration- w consist of a seperate equations in itself. Cogeneration is a method of recovering of the heat by using thermodynamic parameters that has fallen into an inert state in an open system. Whereas, the CHP-w predicates on a closed thermodynamic system which aspires to arise the work output as target. CHP-w method has been set up over the features of taking under control to boiler inner combustion- fluid balance with elastic superheated steam production level, except for flue gas avoiding to directly use of boiler inner heat as much as possible, collecting to boiler inner heat in a only hand by producing superheated steam and having been able to converted the enthalpy/ heat temperature and kinetic energy/ pressure into one another through different steam types in a closed system. CHP-w energy generation method obtains as much superheated steam as possible from the boiler inner heat, excluding to the flue gas and produces the work from it. If the steam to be remained in desired type and amount from the work generation by taking from turbine output whether directly as steam, or which uses by converting it over again to the heat energy is the name of a closed thermodynamic system. Provided that to use CHP-w method, the MDF wood panel production facilities in particular have the opportunity to generate electrical energy at a highly significant rate with their own biomass production residues. The same thing is a valid state for other wood-based panel manufacturing facilities whose woody-biomass residues to be left from production is not as much as MDF production process. The rate of heat required to produce superheated steam is very low. All the work done by the superheated steam is only done with this small amount of energy. At the same time this is the total amount of energy that is lost by transforming to work in a closed system. It is the cost of work. The most largest part of the generated heat in the boiler is spent to the water at 104°C temperature to convert to saturated steam. However, this spent-heat energy can be recovered again through a suitable type of steam in a closed system and can be evaluated in the manner what is desired, whereever it is needed.
id-AT518186B1    abstract-Wärmekraftwerk (1) und Verfahren zum Speichern von Wärme mit einem Dampferzeuger (2) und mit einem Wasser-Dampf-Kreislauf (5), der mit dem Dampferzeuger (2) und mit einer Wärmespeichereinrichtung (11) verbunden ist, wobei die Wärmespeichereinrichtung (11) einen ersten Behälter (12) für ein Wärmespeichermedium im kalten Zustand, einen zweiten Behälter (13) für das Wärmespeichermedium im heißen Zustand und einen mit den beiden Behältern (12), (13) verbundenen Wärmetauscher (14) aufweist, welcher über eine Wasser- Dampf-Zuleitung (15) und Wasser-Dampf-Ableitung (16) an den Wasser-Dampf-Kreislauf (5) angeschlossen ist, wobei die Wärmespeichereinrichtung (11) einen weiteren Wärmetauscher (18) aufweist, welcher mit den beiden Behältern (12), (13) verbunden ist, wobei eine Luftzuführung (19) und eine Luftableitung (20) vorgesehen sind, wobei die Luftableitung (20) mit der Zuführung (4) von Verbrennungsluft in den Brennraum (3) verbunden ist.
id-US20170358971A1    abstract-A renewable energy cycle system and method thereof is disclosed, wherein the renewable energy cycle system comprises a water softening equipment, an electrolysis hydrogen equipment, at least a combustion boiler equipment, a generator and at least a steam efficacy conversion device. Herein softened water can be electrolyzed into hydrogen and oxygen by means of the electrolysis hydrogen equipment, and the decomposed hydrogen can be transported to the combustion boiler equipment for combustion such that the liquid in the combustion boiler equipment boils and generates saturated vapor pressure. Next, the generated saturated vapor pressure can be outputted into the steam efficacy conversion equipment such that the steam efficacy conversion equipment can convert the steam efficacy into mechanical energy thereby allowing the steam engine in the steam efficacy conversion equipment to rotate in high speed. Then, the generated high speed rotations can draw the generator to cut the internal magnetic lines to perform mechanical operations for power generation, and the electric energy created by the mechanical operations of power generation can be circularly provided to the electrolysis hydrogen equipment as the required electric power for operations thereof so as to achieve the objective of environment protective cycle power supply.
id-CN106014516A    abstract-本发明提供了一种节能型间接空冷塔余热回用系统，属于发电厂余热利用领域。该节能型间接空冷塔余热回用系统包含节能型间接空冷塔、引风机、配套管道及阀门等，将节能型间接空冷塔热空气出口接至干燥设备空气入口，进而将节能型间接空冷塔尾排热空气热量回收用于固体燃料干燥/热辅助干燥。节能型间接空冷塔热空气出口侧设有补气口，通过此补气口及引风机调节来满足固体燃料干燥所需温度、流量及流速的要求，干燥设备出口的废气经冷凝后送入空气预热器加热，进而送入锅炉用以焚烧/气化介质所需。本发明将节能型间接空冷塔出口热空气热量充分利用，提高发电厂整体热效率，同时将干燥设备出口废气用于系统内吸收，无需额外处理。
id-CN106224023B    abstract-本发明公开了一种联合循环间接空冷系统，包括空冷岛和凝汽器，空冷岛的出口端通过工质泵连接至凝汽器的工质入口端，凝汽器的工质出口端连接至工质透平，工质透平的出口端连接至空冷岛的入口端；凝汽器的蒸汽入口端连接有主汽轮机，主汽轮机的入口端连接有主蒸汽管道，主汽轮机的功率输出轴上连接有主发电机，工质透平的功率输出轴上连接有辅发电机，凝汽器的凝结水出口端通过凝结水泵连接至凝结水管道，工质透平的出口端与空冷岛的入口端之间设有工质罐。本发明能够更高效、环保、可靠地利用高寒地区的冷源优势以降低空冷机组的煤耗率。
id-DE102016113007B4    abstract-Rückführungsanordnung (6) zur Rückführung von am Ausgang eines stromabwärts einer Turbine, (4) angeschlossenen Kondensators (5) anfallenden Kondensats zurück zum Eingang eines Dampferzeugers (2) in einem Dampfkraftwerk, gekennzeichnet durch eine Abzweigungsleitung (7) zum Abzweigen eines Abzweigstroms zwischen dem Dampferzeuger (2) und der Turbine (4), mindestens eine Zwischenspeicherbehälteranordnung (9, 10, 11, 20, 41) zur Aufnahme eines Zwischenspeichervolumens (18) Kondensats mit mindestens einer Kondensatauslassöffnung (95, 105, 115, 26, 34, 57, 65) zum Auslassen von Kondensat sowie Mittel (92, 102, 112, 25A, 33, 52, 60) zum Herstellen einer Wirkverbindung zwischen der Abzweigungsleitung (7) und der Zwischenspeicherbehälteranordnung (9, 10, 11, 20, 41), um über die Kondensatauslassöffnung (95, 105, 115, 26, 34, 57, 65) Kondensat aus der Zwischenspeicherbehälteranordnung (9, 10, 11, 20, 41) heraus zu fördern, wobei die Zwischenspeicherbehälteranordnung (9, 10, 11, 20, 41) über die Kondensatauslassöffnung (95, 105, 115, 26, 34, 57, 65) mit dem Dampferzeuger (2) verbindbar angeordnet ist.
id-CN106640242B    abstract-本发明提出一种高超声速飞行器发动机热量回收发电系统及其控制方法，其中，CO 2 在高超声速飞行器发动机壁面吸热通道内升温后进入超临界CO 2 透平中膨胀做功，输出的CO 2 乏气通过多个回热器的低压侧通道放热，通过高压侧通道吸热，在CO 2 乏气流体从多个燃料冷却器进入多个压缩机和对应的多个回热器的过程中进行抽气压缩，使每一个回热器的高压侧通道和低压侧通道内不同压力的CO 2 乏气流体热容相近，以及每一个燃料冷却器的热流体通道和冷流体通道内CO 2 乏气流体和冷却用燃料流体热容流量相近。本发明能够高效地将发动机壁面的热量转换为电能和压缩机动力，同时提高了热量回收利用率，以及减少了冷却用燃料量，节省了成本。
id-KR101874068B1    abstract-개시된 습식 이산화탄소 포집 설비는, 배기가스에 포함된 CO 2 를 흡수제와 반응시키는 CO 2  흡수탑과, CO 2  흡수탑에서 CO 2 를 흡수한 리치 용액으로부터 CO 2 를 분리하는 CO 2  탈거탑과, CO 2  탈거탑 내에서 리치 용액으로부터 CO 2 가 분리되도록 CO 2  탈거탑에 열 에너지를 공급하는 재열기와, CO 2  탈거탑에서 CO 2 가 분리된 린 용액과 CO 2  흡수탑에서 CO 2 를 흡수한 리치 용액을 열교환시켜 리치 용액을 가열하는 제1 열교환기와, CO 2  탈거탑에서 분리된 CO 2  가스를 압축시키는 기계적 증기재압축기(MVR)와, 기계적 증기재압축기에서 압축된 CO 2  가스와 제1 열교환기를 거친 리치 용액을 열교환시켜 리치 용액을 가열함으로써 리치 용액으로부터 일부의 CO 2 가 분리되도록 하는 제2 열교환기를 포함하며, 제2 열교환기에서 CO 2 가 분리되지 못한 리치 용액은 CO 2  탈거탑으로 유입되어 CO 2 가 분리된다.
id-CN106194283A    abstract-本发明公开一种低能耗实现燃气机组热电冷三联产零碳排放的方法，该方法中，空气经压气机(1)压缩后送入燃气轮机或内燃机(2)中，随后与喷入的天然气燃烧，生成高温高压的燃气推动叶轮旋转，带动发电机(3)发电；燃气轮机或内燃机的出口与碳酸化炉(4)的底部连接，用于将燃气轮机或内燃机生成的富含大量CO 2 的燃气通入碳酸化炉中，进而脱除燃气中的CO 2 ；碳酸化后的钙基吸收剂送入煅烧炉/燃料反应器中煅烧再生，由天然气的化学链燃烧提供所需热量。本发明将钙循环工艺、燃气机组热电冷三联产系统和化学链燃烧进行了深层次耦合，低能耗地实现了燃气机组热电冷三联产系统的零碳排放，同时可以获得高浓度的可供压缩储存的CO 2 和N 2 。
id-CN106224035B    abstract-本发明公开了一种基于垃圾气化合成气回收的湿空气透平发电系统，包括垃圾气化系统、锅炉系统、发电系统，发电系统包括混合器、低压空气压气机、高压空气压气机、涡轮机、发电机、空气汽气换热器、CO2汽气换热器、CO2风机、再循环风机、混合分离器、CO2分离器以及锅炉系统的给水输入系统。CO2分离器连接于锅炉系统的废气排放口、CO2风机的进气口之间，涡轮机的出气口并联CO2汽气换热器、空气汽气换热器的加热通道，再连接再循环风机、混合分离器。使用本基于垃圾气化合成气回收的湿空气透平发电系统，大规模的垃圾连续气化焚烧处理，垃圾处理量更大，热量的回收效率高，并可提取再生化工原料和合成天然气，能够有效地实现污染物和CO2的近零排放。
id-KR20180045941A    abstract-본 발명은 폐기물 공급장치로부터 공급되는 폐기물을 연소시켜 합성가스로 만드는 가스화로; 상기 가스화로부터 합성가스를 공급받아 연소시켜 연소가스를 생성하고 연소가스를 폐기물 건조를 위해 폐기물 건조장치에 제공함과 스팀 생산을 위해 동시에 연소배가스 열회수 보일러로 제공하는 합성가스 연소로; 상기 가스화로로부터 합성가스를 공급받아 발전하여 전기를 생산하는 합성가스 가스엔진 발전부; 및 상기 합성가스 연소로에서 발생된 연소가스를 공급받아 스팀을 생산하는 열회수 보일러를 포함하는 것을 특징으로 하는 합성가스 복합 에너지 회수장치에 관한 것으로, 본 발명에 의하면 가스엔진 발전장치에서 전기를 생산하고, 연소배가스 열회수 보일러에서 스팀을 생산하고, 합성가스 연소로 및 합성가스 가스엔진 배가스의 폐열을 이용하여 폐기물 건조열원으로 사용함으로써, 폐기물의 가스화를 통해 생성된 합성가스를 이용하여 3가지 에너지를 회수할 수 있다.
id-CN106640246B    abstract-本发明提供了一种天然气管网压力能利用的安全操控实现系统及方法，系统包括：膨胀发电模块，用于对从高压电网流出的高压天然气进行降压，并将降压所获得的压力能转化为电能；低温天然气冷能利用模块，用于将经膨胀发电模块膨胀后的低温天然气经与冷媒换热后的供给冷能；监测调控模块，用于实时监控膨胀发电模块，当监控到膨胀发电模块紧急停机或天然气发电负载陡降时，则将膨胀发电模块切换至预设的调压系统，并将膨胀发电模块的后端压力补充至前端。本发明实现压力能膨胀发电系统与原有调压系统的无缝对接，有效应对突发工况的冲击，提高膨胀机运行使用寿命，保证整套系统安全稳定运行。
