id-WO2011091950A2    abstract-When cooling acid which is withdrawn from an absorption apparatus of a sulfuric acid plant, the acid is pumped from an acid pump tank into a heat exchanger and subsequently again supplied to the absorption apparatus, wherein water as heat transport medium is heated in the heat exchanger with the heat of the acid and is at least partly converted into steam, and wherein the water is separated from the steam. It is provided that the acid is supplied to a shell space of the heat exchanger and the water is supplied to heat transfer elements arranged in the shell space and at least partly converted into steam, that the steam generated in the heat exchanger is separated from water in a steam drum, and that the water thus obtained is recirculated to the heat exchanger by means of a pump.
id-US9316123B2    abstract-The present invention generally relates to power generation systems configured to absorb and capture a component, such as carbon dioxide, in a flue gas for later sequestration or utilization, wherein heat generated in the sorption process is captured for use in the power generation system. In some examples, the heat of sorption is used to preheat fluids in one or more systems of the power generation system to reduce the heating load on the subsystem. By using the heat of sorption, the carbon dioxide capture and sequestration process not only reduces or eliminates the concentration of carbon dioxide in the flue gas, but reduces or eliminates the parasitic effect of carbon dioxide capture and sequestration on power generation.
id-US8661821B2    abstract-The present invention relates to a process for reducing coal consumption in coal fired plant with fluidized-bed drying, namely a fluidized-bed drying system is provided between a coal powder bunker as well as a weighing belt and a coal grinding mill of the prior coal fired boiler generating set, and superheated steam which has done partial work is extracted from an steam turbine and used as a drying medium, moisture contained in the coal powder is evaporated with sensible heat and latent heat of the superheated steam, water resulted from the condensation of the superheated steam is fed into a deaerator of the steam turbine via a condensate pump for recirculation. The present invention has advantages of reducing coal consumption and saving coal, recovering residual heat, reducing emission of carbon dioxide and adopting to the national industrial policy on energy saving and emission reduction.
id-US20110214427A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a process for reducing coal consumption in coal fired power plant with steam-piping drying, namely a steam-piping drying system is provided between a coal grinding mill and a coal powder bunker as well as a weighing belt of the prior coal fired boiler generating set, and superheated steam which have done partial work is extracted from an steam turbine and used as a drying medium, moisture contained in the coal powder is evaporated with sensible heat and latent heat of the superheated steam, water resulted from the condensation of the superheated steam is fed into a deaerator of the steam turbine via a condensate pump for recirculation. The present invention has advantages of reducing coal consumption and saving coal, recovering residual heat, reducing emission of carbon dioxide and adopting to the national industrial policy on energy saving and emission reduction.
id-KR101162315B1    abstract-본 발명은 이산화탄소 발생장치 및 그를 이용한 이산화탄소 발생방법에 관한 것이다. 본 발명은 개질촉매가 구비되며 등유를 개질하여 수소를 함유한 개질가스를 생성하는 개질기; 상기 개질기에 의해 개질된 연료를 연소시켜 이산화탄소를 발생시키는 연소기; 및 상기 개질기에 인접하게 장착되며 상기 연소기에 의해 발생된 열로 물을 가열시키는 보일러;를 포함하는 이산화탄소 발생장치를 제공한다. 본 발명에 의하면, 등유를 개질하여 수소를 함유한 청정한 개질가스를 생성하고, 개질가스를 연소시킴으로써 경제적이면서도 유해가스를 배출시키지 않고 작물에 이산화탄소를 공급할 수 있다.
id-US9856755B2    abstract-A power plant system including a fossil fuel fired power plant ( 6 ) for the generation of electricity, a carbon dioxide capture and compression system ( 5, 13 ), and an external heat cycle system has at least one heat exchanger ( 1,2,3 ) for the heating of the flow medium of the external heat cycle system. The heat exchanger ( 1,2,3 ) is connected to a heat flow from the CO 2  capture plant ( 5 ) or a CO 2  compression unit ( 13 ). A return flow from the heat exchanger ( 1,2,3 ) is led to the CO 2  capture and compression system ( 5,13 ) or to the power plant ( 6 ). The power plant system allows an increase in overall efficiency of the system.
id-EP2392879B1    abstract-
id-EP2388445A1    abstract-Wärmeverschubsystem in einem Dampfkraftwerk und Dampfkraftwerk  Die Erfindung betrifft ein Wärmeverschubsystem (3, 53) in einem Dampfkraftwerk (1, 51), umfassend einen befeuerten Dampfkessel (5, 59) mit einer abgehenden Rauchgasleitung (7, 57) und einer eingehenden Frischluftleitung (9, 55), sowie eine Abwärmequelle, insbesondere eine Abscheidevorrichtung (15, 65) für CO 2 , mit einer Abwärmeleitung (16, 67). Die Abwärmeleitung (16, 67) ist hierbei wärmetechnisch mit der Frischluftleitung (9, 55) gekoppelt. Weiter betrifft die Erfindung ein Dampfkraftwerk (1, 51) mit einem vorgenannten Wärmeverschubsystem (3, 53). Die von der Abscheidevorrichtung (15, 65) zur Verfügung gestellte Abwärme kann hierbei in den Kraftwerksprozess eingebunden und dadurch der Wirkungsgrad eines Dampfkraftwerks (1, 51) erhöht werden.
id-US20120042656A1    abstract-A closed-loop organic Rankine cycle apparatus to extract waste heat from the exhaust gas from a gas turbine engine is disclosed wherein the closed loop includes at least one additional heat exchanger. An additional heat exchanger for heating fuel may be in one of three locations relative to the ORC turbine and condensing heat exchanger. One location is a preferred location for adding heat to all fuels (liquid, gaseous and/or cryogenic). Another location is a practical location for adding heat to very cold or cryogenic fuels such as CNG or LNG. The closed-loop organic Rankine cycle apparatus, besides extracting waste heat from the exhaust gases, may also include an additional heat exchanger to recover heat from a compressor on a gas turbine engine prior to entering an intercooler on a gas turbine engine.      In another embodiment, the exhaust stream can be directed, in selected proportions, to a closed organic Rankine cycle, a heat exchanger for pre-heating fuel or directly out an exhaust stack.
id-WO2012025440A2    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Dampfkraftwerk (1) mit einem Hauptturbosatz (2), einer Speisewasserpumpe (17) zum Pumpen von Speisewasser in einen Kessel (8), einer Speisepumpen- Antriebsturbine (18) zum Antreiben der Speisewasserpumpe (17), wobei die Speisepumpen-Antriebsturbine (18) als Dampfturbine ausgebildet ist, deren Frischdampfseite (19) mit einer DampfZuführung (9) aus dem Hauptturbosatz (2) strömungstechnisch verbunden ist, und wobei eine weitere Speisewasserpumpe (170) parallel zur Speisewasserpumpe (17) angeordnet ist.
id-WO2012042101A1    abstract-The invention relates to a method for recovering heat from flue gas and to a steam power plant. In the method, combustion air is preheated in a flue gas LUVO (10) by means of flue gases (FH) exiting a boiler (11) and feed water (W) entering the boiler (11) is preheated by means of steams bled from a steam turbine. A part of heated air (AH) having passed through the flue gas LUVO (10) is conveyed as recirculated air (AR) within preheated air (Ac) to be fed to the flue gas LUVO (10) and recirculated air (AR) is controlled to pass via at least one recirculated-air heat exchanger (8a, 8b), in which recirculated-air heat exchanger (8a, 8b) recirculated air (AR) is cooled by means of feed water entering the boiler.
id-US9416683B2    abstract-According to one embodiment, a carbon-dioxide-recovery-type steam power generation system comprises a boiler that produces steam and generates an exhaust gas, a first turbine that is rotationally driven by the steam, an absorption tower allows carbon dioxide contained in the exhaust gas to be absorbed into an absorption liquid, a regeneration tower that discharges the carbon dioxide gas from the absorption liquid supplied from the absorption tower, a condenser that removes moisture from the carbon dioxide gas, discharged from the regeneration tower, by condensing the carbon dioxide gas using cooling water, a compressor that compresses the carbon dioxide gas from which the moisture is removed by the condenser, and a second turbine that drives the compressor. The steam produced by the cooling water recovering the heat from the carbon dioxide gas in the condenser is supplied to the first turbine or the second turbine.
id-CN102454456B    abstract-本发明涉及用于减少排放物的设备和组装方法。一种热回收蒸汽发生器(HRSG)(116)联接到燃气涡轮发动机(106)，其排出包括氮氧化物(NO x )的废气流。HRSG(116)包括用于加热废气的基于蒸汽的加热元件(306)和至少一个NO x 还原元件(312)，其在至少一个基于蒸汽的加热元件(306)下游处联接，并且构造成便于减少引入至少一个NO x 还原元件(306)的废气中的NO x 量。
id-KR101044375B1    abstract-본 발명은 온실 난방의 필요 여부에 따라 열병합발전 시스템의 폐열회수장치가 선택적으로 구동되도록 함으로서 에너지 효율을 높일 수 있도록 하는 폐열회수장치를 구비한 온실 이산화탄소 시비용 열병합발전 시스템에 관한 것으로서, 더욱 상세하게는 연료를 연소하는 연소기를 포함하고 상기 연소기에서의 연소를 이용하여 전기를 생산하는 연소식 발전기와, 상기 연소식 발전기로부터 배출되는 배가스의 경로를 변경하는 배가스전환스위치와, 상기 연소식 발전기로부터 배출되는 배가스를 온실에 공급하며, 상기 배가스전환스위치의 전환에 의해 배가스가 택일적으로 통과하게 되는 제1배가스공급라인 및 제2배가스공급라인과, 상기 제1배가스라인에 결합되어 배가스의 열에 의해 난방수를 가열하는 제1열교환기와, 상기 제1열교환기에서 열교환된 난방수를 온실에 공급하는 난방라인과, 상기 제2배가스라인에 결합되어 배가스의 열에 의해 물을 가열하여 증기를 발생시키는 제2열교환기와, 상기 제2열교환기에서 열교환된 증기를 이용하여 구동되는 폐열회수라인과, 상기 폐열회수라인에 설치되어 전기를 생산하는 스팀터빈 발전기와, 상기 연소식 발전기에서 생산된 전기를 상기 온실에 공급하는 제1전기라인과, 상기 스팀터빈 발전기에서 생산된 전기를 상기 온실에 공급하는 제2전기라인을 포함한다.
id-US20120129112A1    abstract-A method of and a system for combusting fuel in an oxyfuel combustion boiler. Fuel is fed to a furnace of the boiler. Oxidant gas that includes a mixture of substantially pure oxygen and recycled flue gas is fed to the furnace, prior to the feeding of the oxidant gas. At least a portion of the oxidant gas is preheated to generate preheated oxidant gas. The fuel is combusted with the oxidant gas in the furnace so as to generate steam and to produce the flue gas, and at least a portion of the steam is superheated to generate superheated steam. The preheating of the at least a portion of the oxidant gas is performed by using a heat exchanger that transfers heat from a portion of the superheated steam to the oxidant gas.
id-KR20130132484A    abstract-약연탄을 동시에 건조 및 이송하기 위한 장치가 기재되어 있다. 상기 장치는 제1 유동로 및 외벽면을 둘러싸며 형성하는 내벽면을 가진 제1 파이프와, 상기 제1 유동로의 투입부로 과립형 약연탄을 공급하기 위한 약연탄 공급 시스템과, 상기 제1 유동로의 투입부로 이송 가스를 공급하기 위한 이송 가스 공급 시스템과, 제1 파이프 길이의 적어도 일부를 따라 상기 제1 파이프의 외벽면으로 열을 가하는, 예컨대 건조 유체를 공급하기 위한 건조 유체 공급부의 형태로서, 건조 유체가 제1 파이프 길이의 적어도 일부를 따라 제1 파이프의 외벽면과 접촉하여 이동하도록 배치되는 가열 장치를 포함한다. 상기 가열 장치는 이러한 장치를 통합하는 화력 발전소의 설계 시스템도 역시 기재되어 있다. 약연탄을 동시에 이송 및 건조하기 위한 방법도 역시 기재되어 있다. 연소용의 건식 약연탄을 공급하는 방법 및 시스템도 역시 기재되어 있다.
