id-CN105781643B    abstract-本发明公开了一种射流泵热系统，包括动力蒸汽汽化器、蒸汽膨胀动力机构、制冷工质汽化器、射流泵、汽化吸热器和排热器，动力蒸汽汽化器的蒸汽出口与蒸汽膨胀动力机构的工质入口连通，蒸汽膨胀动力机构的工质出口与制冷工质汽化器的加热流体通道入口连通，制冷工质汽化器的加热流体通道出口经加压泵与动力蒸汽汽化器连通，射流泵的被引射流体入口与汽化吸热器的汽化室连通，射流泵的流体出口经附属加压泵与制冷工质汽化器的被加热流体通道入口连通，制冷工质汽化器的被加热流体通道出口与射流泵的动力流体入口连通，射流泵的流体出口经排热器与汽化吸热器的汽化室连通。本发明可高效利用燃料的高品位热量，并可提高吸热温度和供热温度之间的温差。
id-WO2016162272A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zum Betreiben einer Turbinenanlage (2) mit einem Dampferzeuger (6) und einer Dampfturbine (12), bei dem im Dampferzeuger (6) Dampf erzeugt wird, welcher in die Dampfturbine (12) geleitet wird, und die Dampfturbine (12) durch den Dampf angetrieben wird. Um eine Leistung, die von der Turbinenanlage (2) erzeugt wird, effizient zu steigern, wird vorgeschlagen, dass die Turbinenanlage (2) einen mit dem Dampferzeuger (6) verbundenen Arbeitsmittelspeicher (8) aufweist und ein Dampfmassenstrom in der Dampfturbine (12) erhöht wird, indem ein Arbeitsmittel aus dem Arbeitsmittelspeicher (8) in die Dampfturbine (12) geleitet wird.
id-US20160348020A1    abstract-The invention relates to a lignite fired steam power plant comprising a water/steam power cycle and a lignite dryer system having a heat pump circuit configured and arranged to provide heat energy to a lignite dryer of the dryer system. The heat pump includes a dryer heat exchanger, an expansion device and an evaporator heat exchanger connected to the first outlet line so as to enable heat energy transfer from the vapour of the first outlet line to the first working fluid. A compressor is also included in the heat pump circuit. In addition the heat pump circuit is connected to the water/steam power cycle by a steam makeup line from the pressure series of steam turbines and a condensate return line.
id-EP3098397A1    abstract-The invention relates to power plant with a steam water power cycle and a lignite dryer that uses steam from the steam water power cycle. The connection of the lignite dryer to the steam water powercycle includes a first extraction line (104) and a second extraction line (101). The first extraction line (104) originates from a point between a high pressure turbine (32) and an intermediate pressure steam turbine (34) and includes an ejector (106), while the a second extraction line (101) originates from a point an intermediate pressure steam turbine (34) and a low pressure steam turbine (35). The configuration and location of the ejector (106) and the connection of the second extraction line (101) to the ejector (106) enables a lower pressure steam in the second extraction line (101) to be fed into the heater (13) together with a higher pressure steam of the first extraction line (104).
id-CN106488969B    abstract-本发明提供生物质的半碳化及异物去除装置，通过热源的燃烧废气对处理对象的生物质进行燃料化，上述生物质的半碳化及异物去除装置的包括：燃烧室(20)，通过引入与上述生物质的投入量相对应的燃烧废气来引导燃烧；以及旋流器(40)，设置于上述燃烧室(20)的下游侧，上述旋流器(40)一边捕集半碳化生物质燃料，一边分离可燃性废气。由此，从混有许多异物的堆放的生物质去除异物，并生成能源密度高的高品质生物质燃料，从而具有提高新型再生能源的使用效率的效果。
id-CN106479590A    abstract-本发明提供半碳化物制造装置以及发电系统，对木质材料维持平稳且最优的加热条件，高效制造高品质的半碳化物。将干燥木质材料(90)容纳于半碳化炉(1)，利用供给部(3)将加热用气体导入容纳该半碳化炉(1)的外壳部(2)内，加热半碳化炉(1)，取出半碳化炉(1)内产生出的挥发成分气体在凝聚部(5)进行凝聚，其中，利用控制部(4)控制凝聚部(5)中凝聚状态，将半碳化炉(1)的内部温度调整保持为恰当温度范围，由半碳化炉(1)的炉壁对于木质材料进行平稳加热，并利用控制部(4)控制挥发成分气体的凝聚状态从而调整维持将木质材料进行半碳化的半碳化炉(1)内部的最优温度，高效地制造高品质的半碳化物。
id-WO2017068520A1    abstract-The present disclosure envisages a system that increases the regenerative feed heating of feed water. The system includes a steam turbine that is configured to receive high pressure steam provide low pressure expanded steam subsequent to the expansion of the high pressure steam thereon. A condenser that is configured to receive a first stream of expanded steam and facilitate the condensation of the first stream to provide a condensate. The LP heater is configured to receive the condensate and a second stream of expanded steam and generate a heated condensate. The deaerator is configured to receive the heated condensate and facilitate removal of dissolved oxygen from the heated condensate. The VAM comprises a VAM condenser that is configured to facilitate heating of the condensate prior to entering within the LP heater. A VAM absorber configured to facilitate heating of the heated condensate prior to entry within the deaerator.
id-US10054011B2    abstract-Systems and methods based on the systems to convert a portion of thermal energy into to mechanical and/or electrical energy including a power generation subsystem (PGSS) comprising a vaporization and power generation subsystem (VPSS) including a heat recovery vapor generator (HRVG) and a turbine T1, a heating and cooling subsystem (HCSS) including three parallel configured heat exchange units HE3, HE4, and HE5, a single heat exchange unit HE2, and a first separator SP1, and a condensing subsystem (CSS) including a final condenser HE1b from a heat source subsystem (HSSS) including a heat source producing an initial heat source stream.
