id-US20210207846A1    abstract-The present application provides a temperature control device for fluids, which comprises a furnace, a fluid pipe, a plurality of regenerative members, a burner, and an air control device. The burner heats the furnace to store heat to the regenerative members inside the furnace and conduct the thermal energy to the fluid pipe. The fluid pipi outputs a heated liquid. In addition, the regenerative members further produce and transport heated air to the air control device. The air control device converts the heated air to output cooled air.
id-US20230100959A1    abstract-Disclosed are an apparatus and a method for granulation of a blast furnace slag and recycling of waste heat. The apparatus comprises an aerosol granulation nozzle module, a flow guide, a cyclone separator and a waste heat recovery device; wherein the aerosol granulation nozzle module comprises a slag flow controller, a compressed air flow control valve, a water volume control valve and an aerosol spray gun; the flow guide is configured to fully mix the medium temperature gas and the high-temperature granular slag having a primarily solidified surface in the flow guide; and the cyclone separator is configured to separate the high-temperature granular slag and the medium-to-high-temperature gas. The present invention completes the granulation of blast furnace slag, and organically couples slag sensible heat recovery with sludge drying, thereby recovering the waste heat in the process of slag granulation and improving the efficiency of waste heat recovery and utilization.
id-WO2021168934A1    abstract-An anti-skin clipping device for a kiln tail preheater comprises a hanging plate component (1) and a connecting component (2), wherein the hanging plate component (1) has a hollow structure, and the shape and size of the connecting component (2) are matched peripherally with the hanging plate component (1) so that the connecting component (2) is arranged around the hanging plate component (1). Thus, it is fixedly connected with the hanging plate component (1); The hanging plate component (1) comprises a first hanging plate structure and a second hanging plate structure, and the first hanging plate structure is formed by a plurality of first hanging plates (10) and a plurality of second hanging plates (11), and the second hanging plate structure is formed by the third hanging plate (12) and the fourth hanging plate (13) adjacent; The third hanging plate (12) is provided with a first external nozzle (3) for connecting with an external fan; The fourth hanging plate (13) is provided with a second external nozzle (4) for heat dissipation. The device is simple in structure, easy to install, and easy to replace after damage.
id-WO2021173023A1    abstract-The invention describes a checker brick (1) comprising: - a body (2) with an upper base (3), a lower base (3') and six lateral side faces (5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 5.4, 5.5, 5.6); - 7 vertical through passages (4) with internal walls (4.3) and one first end opening (4.1) and a second end opening (4.2); - the passages (4) being arranged in parallel rows with the side faces (5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 5.4, 5.5, 5.6), - one lateral channel (6) located on each side face (5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 5.4, 5.5, 5.6), at the intersection of two of the rows with passages (4); - each channel (6), having the area of a cross-section equal to half of the area of a cross-section of a passage (4); - one corner channel (7), placed instead of each side edge of the body (2), connecting the two bases (3, 3'); - each channel (7) representing one end of a row with passages (4) and has an area of a cross section equal to one third of the area of a cross section of a passage (4); - the upper base (3) has the area larger than the area of the lower base (3') and the first opening (4.1) of each passage (4) in the plane of the base (3) has the area smaller than the area of the second opening (4.2) of each passage (4) in the base plane (3') characterized in that, - each passage (4) is connected to the adjacent passage (4) on two directions of parallel rows from the total of three directions in the plane of the bases (3, 3') and, depending on the position of the passage (4), to the adjacent channel (6, 7) by means of at least one horizontal channel (8, 8'), placed such as to allow the flow of fluids both vertically and horizontally through themselves and through the passages (4) and the channels (6, 7) and - the walls (4.3) of the passages (4), the side faces (5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 5.4, 5.5, 5.6) and the channels (6, 7) have the same angle of inclination from about 0.85° to 4°, measured with respect to the central vertical axis of the body (2) and - the area of a cross-section in the plane of a base (3, 3') of each passage (4), channel (6, 7) allows stacking of several bricks (1) by aligning the centers of the longitudinal axis of symmetry of at least two passages (4), at least two channels (6, 7) or of one passage (4) and of one channel (6, 7) such that each passage (4) and each channel (6, 7) with a large area of a cross-section in the plane of a base (3, 3') is stacked on a passage (4), a channel (6, 7) with a small area of a cross-section in the plane of another base (3, 3'); each passage (4) and each channel (6, 7) with a small area of a cross section is stacked on a passage (4), a channel (6, 7) with a large area of a cross section of at least two stacked bricks (1 ). This invention also presents a structure (11) with a plurality of such bricks (1) and a method for constructing a structure (11).
id-US20210278143A1    abstract-A system and method of providing power to at least one component within a gas furnace, the method including operating a gas furnace to produce thermal energy; operating a waste heat assembly to extract the thermal energy from the gas furnace; operating the waste heat assembly to convert the extracted thermal energy to electrical energy; operating the waste heat assembly to transmit the electrical energy to at least one component of the gas furnace.
id-WO2021185498A1    abstract-In relation to the Abwarmenutzungsanlage (9 9 ") the use of industrial electricity in the form of steam and the generation of electricity in full a Dampfkraftwerk with at least one at least one generator (11) and its affiliated generation aufweisenden Dampfturbinensatz(14) and full play Wasser-Dampf-Kreislauf(15) combined Abwarmeruckgewinnungsanlage (9.1, 9.2) Use an industrial Produktionsanlage (21) ruckgewonnener from at least an Abgas or Abluftstrom (10a, 10b10) to generate electricity through a Wasserdampfs black hole Dampfkraftwerk and the full at least one generated by the electricity gespeisten Elektrolyseur(18), while Abwarmeruckgewinnungsanlage (9.1, 9.2) At least two Abgas Abluftstrom(10) of each dampferzeugende heat energy by "2" () consists of two and is transferred into the steam cycle (15) and controlled by the water and the direction of the water flow in the steam cycle (15), aiming to find a solution: On how production facilities or waste gas effluents can be used to improve low-heat production facilities, in particular to direct them to industrial production facilities. The basis of this method is that at least one generator (11) is a direct current, and the electric vehicle (18) is driven by the electric current (18) directly supplied by the generator (11).
id-WO2021212167A1    abstract-The invention provides a powder-gas heat exchanger for exchanging heat between a powder stream and a gas stream in counter-current flow comprising a powder stream mass flow rate substantially equal to a gas stream mass flow rate in a vertical shaft heat exchanger. A hot gas stream may be adapted for use in heating a cool solids stream, or a cool gas stream may be adapted for use in cooling a hot solids stream.
id-WO2021241272A1    abstract-This method of producing reduced iron is a method of producing reduced iron by reducing iron oxide installed in a shaft furnace. At least part of the reduction gas is blown into the reduction iron cooling zone at room temperature, and the rising reduction gas is used for the reduction of iron oxide. Use.
id-EP4151754A1    abstract-This method for producing reduced iron is a method for producing reduced iron that produces reduced iron by reducing iron oxide charged in a shaft furnace, in which a gas mixture which contains a reducing gas and a nitrogen gas, and has a predetermined temperature, is blown into the shaft furnace. The reducing gas contains 90 volume% or more of a hydrogen gas.
id-WO2021246318A1    abstract-When producing methane from exhaust gas of cement manufacturing equipment, acidic components such as SOx, NOx and halogen, and harmful components such as h2o and dust are removed from exhaust gas. By separating and recovering CO 2 in contact with the absorber, the deterioration of the absorption capacity of the CO 2 absorber can be controlled, and the appropriate treatment of the cement production exhaust gas and the appropriate generation of methane can be achieved. Can reduce and increase the reduction effect of greenhouse gases.
id-WO2021246316A1    abstract-Co2 in exhaust gas from cement manufacturing facilities or CO2 separated and recovered from exhaust gas urea, salicylic acid, cyclic carbonate, polypropylene carbonate, polycarbonate ether, formic acid, inorganic carbonate, methanol, etc. By converting valuable materials such as organic acids, organic carbonates, alcohols, aldehydes, and dimethyl ether, we can effectively utilize CO2 in exhaust gas from cement manufacturing facilities that are not derived from fossil fuels, and reduce CO2 from energy sources. Reduction.
id-WO2021248659A1    abstract-A short-process integrated preparation system for molten ceramic particles comprises a calcining kiln (3), a transition hopper (8), a distributor (9) and a furnace (10); The transition hopper (8) is arranged under the discharge port of the calcining kiln (3), the discharge port of the transition hopper (8) is provided with a distributor (9), and the discharge port of the distributor (9) is located in the furnace (10); The newly calcined and uncooled raw materials from the calcining kiln (3) are directly, rapidly, and without deliberate cooling into the furnace (10); Thus, the process of preparing molten ceramic particles is shortened, the cooling machine used for cooling calcined materials and the equipment for storing materials after cooling are reduced, the equipment investment is reduced, and the production site occupied by installing production equipment is reduced. At the same time, the physical heat of the raw materials after calcination is fully utilized, and the raw materials after calcination are still in a high temperature hot state into the furnace (10). The production energy consumption is reduced, and the comprehensive cost of preparing molten ceramic particles is reduced.
id-WO2021246315A1    abstract-Co 2 in exhaust gas from cement manufacturing equipment or CO 2 separated and recovered from exhaust gas The methane production process is composed of the addition of hydrogen to produce methane, and the methane consumption process is used as a substitute for fossil fuel in part or all of the cement production equipment. The methane production process and the methane consumption process are included in the methane production process and the methane consumption process. By making effective use of co2 in cement flue gas that is not derived from fossil fuel by converting it into methane, it reduces the co2 that is derived from energy.
id-WO2021246319A1    abstract-Methane is produced by adding hydrogen to CO2 in the exhaust gas from the cement manufacturing equipment or CO2 separated and recovered from the exhaust gas. The methane is supplied to the temporary furnace of the cement manufacturing equipment as a substitute for fossil fuels in part or all, and the temporary furnace is used to produce methane. The cement clinker is produced by temporarily firing the cement raw material and firing it with the cement kiln in the cement manufacturing facility. It can be used to manufacture cement while reducing CO2 and removing harmful components.
id-US20220026150A1    abstract-An overflow system for a doorway exhaust hood on a metal melt furnace having an eductor gas circulator. The system includes a manifold with an inlet near the hood's lower lip, and a conduit between the manifold and eductor. A blower draws gas into the manifold and urges that gas through the conduit, into the eductor, and into the furnace. Sensors detect when the door is open and the volatiles level under the hood. An electronic controller instructs the blower to draw exhaust gases through the manifold when the door is open and the volatiles level exceeds a predetermined level.
id-WO2022011928A1    abstract-A smoke exhaust structure of a kiln comprises a kiln body (400) and a smoke exhaust fan (300), a kiln body (400) is provided with a passage above the product and a passage below the product, an upper smoke exhaust main pipe (100) is provided on the top of the kiln body (400), and a plurality of upper smoke pipes (110) are provided on the upper smoke exhaust main pipe (100). The upper smoke pipe (110) is connected to the upper channel of the product, the bottom of the kiln body (400) is provided with a lower smoke pipe (200), the lower smoke pipe (210) is provided on the lower smoke pipe (200), and the lower smoke pipe (210) is connected to the lower channel of the product. The upper smoke exhaust main (100) and the lower smoke exhaust main (200) are connected to the inlet end of the smoke exhaust fan (300), and the smoke exhaust amount can be increased or reduced according to the temperature of the upper, lower and cross section of the product in the kiln body (400), so as to change the air flow and temperature field, solve the problem of temperature difference, and effectively reduce the product defect rate.
id-US20230242433A1    abstract-In a thermochemical method, a syngas comprising oxygen is combusted in a furnace, thereby producing a hot exhaust gas. The exhaust gas is subsequently discharged into the surroundings while the inner energy of the exhaust gas is at least partly used to carry out a reformation reaction. For this purpose, steam together with a hydrocarbon-containing fuel and an oxygen-containing gas are supplied to a reformer and converted into syngas in an endothermic reaction using inner energy of the exhaust gas. The heat of the exhaust gas is used in particular to evaporate water and supply same to the reformer in a superheated state. The syngas is then supplied to the furnace as fuel. The invention prevents undesired constituents of the furnace atmosphere, in particular sulfur compounds, from being supplied to the reformer.
id-WO2022008222A1    abstract-In a hot gas furnace, mixed natural gas is heated under the action of heating gas. The exhaust gas is then discharged into the surrounding area, however, the exhaust gas absorbs internal energy and is used at least in part to reform the response. The vapor, hydrocarbon fuel and oxygen gas are added to the improver, and finally the improver is added. In particular, the heat from exhaust emissions was used to evaporate water into the overheated conditions in which reformers lived. Finally, synthetic natural gas is poured into the furnace as fuel. The text says that the reformers eliminated the inflow of harmful ingredients such as hot air, especially sulfur compounds.
id-WO2022029886A1    abstract-[problem] we provide a gas production system that can produce a stable gas mainly composed of carbon monoxide from a separated gas mainly composed of carbon dioxide. Solution: the gas manufacturing device 1 is connected to the separation and recovery part 5 and the downstream side of the separation and recovery part 5, which separates and recovers the separated gas mainly composed of carbon dioxide from the exhaust gas taken from the middle of the exhaust gas line of the exhaust gas equipment, and is in contact with the separated gas Reaction part 4 is equipped with at least one reactor that houses a reducing agent that produces carbon monoxide through the reduction reaction of the resulting carbon dioxide and that can separate at least part of the oxygen atoms released from the carbon dioxide in the system of the reduction reaction, and the antigen A pressure adjustment unit 7 is connected to the downstream side of response unit 4 and the flow adjustment unit 6 is connected to the upstream side of separation and recovery unit 5 and the flow adjustment unit 6 is connected to the upstream side of separation and recovery unit 5 and the flow adjustment unit 6 is connected to the upstream side of separation and recovery unit 5 and the flow rate of separated gas supplied to the reactor is adjusted.
id-US20220065533A1    abstract-The present disclosure includes a furnace for heating and/or sintering one or more three-dimensional printed metal parts. The furnace includes a furnace chamber, insulation within the furnace chamber, a retort within the furnace chamber, and one or more getters containing getter material. The retort is configured to receive the one or more three-dimensional printed metal parts.
id-US20220057141A1    abstract-An installation for recycling contaminated scrap metal includes a furnace frame and a melting furnace arranged within the furnace frame and configured to tilt, and a hood-like housing. The melting furnace includes an upper melting furnace opening and a casting device configured to cast a metal melt produced in the melting furnace into a pan. The hood-like housing is positioned on a top of the melting furnace and surrounds and covers the upper melting furnace opening. The hood-like housing includes at least one door, and a flue gas removal system coupled to the hood-like housing in a gas-tight manner and configured to tilt along with the melting furnace.
id-WO2022029568A1    abstract-Treatment apparatus of hot flue gases emitted by an industrial plant, comprising a gas circuit and having a first heat exchange chamber along a first branch and a second heat exchange chambers along a second branch, a temperature measuring device and/or a flow rate measuring device of the flue gases, a regulating member movable at least between a first position and a second position. In the first position transit of the flue gases into the first heat exchange chamber is allowed, while transit of flue gases into the second heat exchange chamber is prevented or reduced, and in second position transit of the flue gases into both the first and the second heat exchange chambers is allowed. A control unit is configured to command the regulating member in the first or in the second position based on the temperature and/or flow rate values of the flue gases.
id-US20220062815A1    abstract-Disclosed herein is a system for recovering carbon monoxide from an industrial by-product gas, the system including a supply unit for supplying an industrial by-product gas containing carbon dioxide, nitrogen, carbon monoxide, and hydrogen, a first membrane separation unit including a separation membrane capable of allowing carbon dioxide and hydrogen to permeate, and receiving the industrial by-product gas supplied from the supply unit to allow carbon dioxide and hydrogen to permeate, and a second membrane separation unit including a polymer membrane in which a transition metal is supported, and receiving a gas remaining in the first membrane separation unit to allow carbon monoxide to permeate.
id-WO2022068053A1    abstract-A novel atmosphere protection kiln comprises a furnace shell (1); Furnace bottom liner (2) is arranged at the bottom of the furnace shell cavity; A pair of furnace wall liners (3) are arranged along the length direction of the opposite side of the furnace shell cavity wall; The furnace top (4) is arranged in the furnace shell cavity; The saggar conveyor rolls (5b) are distributed at intervals along the length direction of the furnace (5a); The upper and lower heating rods are located on the upper and lower parts of the Saggar conveyor rolls (5b); The protective gas inlet tube (5e) is passed through a pair of furnace wall liners (3) and then probes the furnace shell; Features: The flue (41) comprises a smoke upper inlet section (411) and a smoke extraction section (412). The upper inlet section (411) is composed of a longitudinal smoke exhaust chamber (4111) and a transverse transition smoke exhaust chamber (4112). The flue gas extraction section (411) is composed of a longitudinal smoke exhaust chamber (4121) and a smoke exhaust outlet (4122). The lower end of the longitudinal smoke exhaust chamber (4111) is communicated with the upper part of the furnace (5a), the upper end is connected with one end of the transverse transition smoke exhaust chamber (4112), the other end of the transverse transition smoke exhaust chamber (4112) is connected with the middle side of the longitudinal smoke exhaust chamber (4121), and the lower part of the longitudinal smoke exhaust chamber (4121) is a colloidal storage chamber (41211). The smoke outlet (4122) is formed at the top of the longitudinal exhaust chamber (4121). Ensure furnace cleanliness and product quality; Easy to clear.
id-EP3974544A1    abstract-Apparatus (10) for feeding and preheating a metal charge (S) toward a melting furnace (110) of a melting plant (100), comprising at least one conveyor channel (11) for said metal charge (S), at least one hood (14) disposed above said conveyor channel (11) and scrap detection means (43) able to identify the profile of the metal charge (S) entering said conveyor channel (11). The present invention also concerns a plant (100) for melting metal comprising said apparatus (10), and a method to feed and preheat a metal charge (S).
id-WO2022059305A1    abstract-The dust removal operation planning device is equipped with a dirt resistance operation device for calculating the dirt resistance of the heat transfer tube in the heat transfer section, and a machine learning device for machine learning to determine the operation plan of the dust removal device. Machine learning devices can detect the ratio of alternative fuel input to fossil fuel input in the fuel at the exhaust gas source, the proportion of components involved in dust deposition in the alternative fuel, the gas flow rate of the exhaust gas passing through the heat transfer section, and the inlet gas temperature of the heat transfer section. And the outlet gas temperature and the dirt resistance calculated by the dirt resistance calculator are obtained as state data. The machine learning machine selects an operating plan based on dirt resistance to optimize the reward based on previous learning results and state data.
