id-US20140198819A1    abstract-A method of recovering energy from an electric induction furnace exhaust gas in the gasification of feed fuel to exhaust gas. Melt of an electrically conductive material, which is disposed within electric induction furnace, is pressurized while substantially sealing the electric induction furnace to enable the build-up of a superatmospheric pressure in said furnace. A feed fuel is injected into contact with at least a portion of the melt of electrically conductive material. Exhaust gas generated at a superatmospheric pressure is withdrawn from said furnace and scrubbed and stored for subsequent use in a gas accumulator. The total calorific value of the exhaust gas from the gas accumulator that is available for use by a gas consumer device is measured and estimated. An input of feed fuel, of auxiliary gases and of heating power to the electric induction furnace is adjusted such that the estimated total calorific value of exhaust gas is kept between a pre-determined upper and a pre-determined lower threshold by using an adjustable controller unit that comprises a PD controller. A gas consumer device is fed with the exhaust gas from the accumulator independently of the blowing periods. The electric induction furnace exhaust gas is maintained under superatmospheric pressure during the blowing, withdrawing, scrubbing and storing steps without recompression.
id-WO2014115190A1    abstract-Conventionally, when a continuous annealing furnace is designed to have a low dew point in the furnace with a refiner, we try to solve the problem that it is impossible to prevent the local decline of the temperature in the furnace without adding the amount of heat. After the gas that is part of the atmosphere in the furnace is taken in the refiner 8 outside the furnace and dehumidified and deacidified, the gas after dehumidified and deacidified from the refiner 8 is heat exchanged with the gas taken in the refiner 8 by the heat exchanger 7 outside the furnace. The furnace atmosphere adjustment method of continuous annealing furnace is characterized by the heat exchange with the furnace atmosphere through the furnace heat exchanger 11 set in the furnace, and then the heat is blown into the furnace again.
id-WO2014125057A1    abstract-The present invention describes a method for treating a Zn contaminated material in a blast furnace installation comprising a blast furnace charged with a traditional burden of iron ore and coke, a gas cleaning unit, and lateral top gas extraction uptakes connected between an upper top cone of said blast furnace and said gas cleaning unit, said method comprising the following steps: a. Providing Zn contaminated material, b. Charging said Zn contaminated material in a central area of a raw material feeding zone of a blast furnace in addition to the traditional burden of iron ore and coke, c. Reducing the Zn contaminated material in the blast furnace so as to obtain a Zn enriched gas, d. Extracting a Zn enriched gas from the blast furnace, e. Treating said extracted Zn enriched gas in the gas cleaning unit.
id-US9987591B2    abstract-The present invention relates to a method for removing sulphur dioxide from gaseous effluent, wherein a mixture of gaseous outlet gasses or gaseous effluent includes sulphur dioxide and carbon monoxide, and wherein, to perform a catalytic reduction, a catalyst is used to catalyze a reaction between carbon monoxide and sulphur dioxide to produce carbon dioxide and sulphur.
id-US20160025413A1    abstract-The invention relates to a pipe bundle recuperator on a sintering furnace for thermal transfer between at least one first fluid, a second fluid and a third fluid. The pipe bundle recuperator comprises the following: at least one first pipe bundle having a first pipe bundle entrance, a first pipe and a first pipe bundle exit for guiding the first fluid and at least one second pipe bundle having a second pipe bundle entrance, a second pipe and a second pipe bundle exit for guiding the second fluid, an outside pipe for guiding the third fluid, wherein the first pipe bundle and the second pipe bundle are arranged at least partially within the outside pipe, and, additionally, a fluid conducting system arranged in an interior region of the outside pipe for forced guidance of the third fluid along a course which is helical at least in regions, wherein the fluid conducting system has at least one first fluid conducting component. The invention further relates to a thermal transfer method having a sintering furnace and having a pipe bundle recuperator.
id-US20160018161A1    abstract-A continuous heating furnace includes a furnace main body, a conveyance unit configured to convey a baking object W in the furnace main body, a plurality of heating sections heated by combustion, each having a first radiation surface configured to be heated by combustion and transfers heat to the baking object conveyed by the conveyance unit and arranged in the conveyance direction of the baking object in the furnace main body, and a cooling preheater having a second radiation surface configured to receive radiant heat from the baking object when being opposite to the baking object conveyed by the conveyance unit and a gas flow path configured to preheat a gas used for combustion in the heating section by the heat from the second radiation surface.
id-WO2014139253A1    abstract-The invention provides a power generation system using the low-temperature waste heat of the flue gas of the generator set, which comprises a first steam power generation system, a condensate pipe, and a low-pressure heater and a condenser arranged on the condensate pipe. The first steam power generation system comprises a low-pressure cylinder, and the low-pressure heater is connected with the low-pressure cylinder, and also comprises a flue gas waste heat recovery and utilization device and a second steam power generation system. The flue gas waste heat recovery and utilization device comprises a heat absorption section and a heat release section. The heat absorption section is arranged in the boiler flue, and the heat release section is arranged in the condensate branch road branching in parallel from the condensate pipe. The second steam power generation system comprises a connected second steam turbine and a second generator. The second steam turbine is connected to a low pressure cylinder through an extraction pipe, and the low pressure cylinder and the second steam turbine are connected to the condenser through a exhaust pipe. The invention can safely recover the low-temperature flue gas waste heat, and the recovered waste heat is used for power generation again by means of step utilization, solving the problem that the traditional waste heat recovery power generation can not be accurately measured, and solving the problem that the low-temperature waste heat can not be efficiently used in a large power plant, so that the power plant can achieve the purpose of energy saving and environmental protection.
id-US20160016113A1    abstract-The description relates to reducing hydrochloric acid in cement kilns. In one aspect, an aqueous copper-based chloride remediator is introduced into contact with combustion gases from a cement kiln. Injection is made into a defined introduction zone under conditions effective for HCl emissions control wherein the temperature is within the range of from 300째 F. to 800째 F., preferably from 550째 F. to 750째 F. The resulting d gases are discharged from the defined zone following sufficient reaction time to reduce the HCl concentration in the gases.
id-US20170107646A1    abstract-An example oven for heating fibers includes a chamber having upper and lower portions and a supply structure between first and second ends of the chamber, wherein the supply structure is in communication with a first heating system and is configured to direct first heated gas from the first heating system into the upper portion of the chamber to heat fibers in the upper portion at a first temperature, and wherein the supply structure is in communication with a second heating system and is configured to direct second heated gas from the second heating system into the lower portion of the chamber to heat fibers in the lower portion at a second temperature different than the first temperature such that the upper and lower portions of the chamber maintain the different temperatures without a physical barrier between the upper and lower portion.
id-JP2014214914A    abstract-[problem] we provide a sintering exhaust gas cooling method of the sintering exhaust gas desulfurization system that can suppress the damage of the iron skin of the cooling tower of the sintering exhaust gas desulfurization system. [solution] in the case of cooling tower 1 for cooling the sintered flue gas and desulfurization tower 2 for desulfurizing the sintered flue gas cooled by cooling tower 1, the aqueous solution of desulfurization agent used for desulfurizing the sintered flue gas is used as the cooling liquid of cooling tower 1 to cool the sintered flue gas. Relieves pH in cooling tower 1. In addition, the pH of the coolant in cooling tower 1 is detected, and the supply of the desulfurizer aqueous solution to the coolant is controlled, so that the pH of the detected coolant is within the preset predetermined range. In addition, a flow meter 15 and a pressure meter 16 are set in the supply path of the desulfurizer solution to cooling tower 1 to monitor clogging of the supply path of the desulfurizer solution. Select diagram: figure 4
id-US20140290765A1    abstract-A gas recycling system for a controlled atmosphere furnace includes a controlled atmosphere furnace having a product entry, a product exit, a process gas inlet adjacent said product exit, and a spent gas outlet adjacent said product entry. A spent gas recycler is operationally connected to the spent gas outlet. The recycler produces a recycled process gas stream and a waste gas stream. The recycled process gas stream is returned to the controlled atmosphere furnace. The waste gas stream is returned to the controlled atmosphere furnace at a point downstream from the spent gas outlet.
id-WO2014172898A1    abstract-The utility model relates to an energy-saving roller bottom continuous bright positive annealing furnace, which comprises a heating chamber (1), a greenhouse (2), a furnace roll (3), a flue (4) and a waste heat recovery section (5). The heating chamber (1), a greenhouse (2) and a waste heat recovery section (5) are successively connected. The furnace roll (3) is installed in the heating chamber (1), the greenhouse (2) and the waste heat recovery section (5) through the bearing seat (31) outside the furnace wall (32), and the waste heat recovery section (5) is the waste heat recovery boiler (6). The waste heat recovery boiler can recover the heat energy of the high temperature flue gas and the radiation heat energy of the product to produce steam. At the same time, the reduction of the product temperature can also reduce the secondary oxidation burning loss and improve the external surface quality of the product.
id-WO2014189109A1    abstract-The direct reduction furnace that makes the iron oxide in contact with the reducing gas directly reduces the iron oxide, and the circulation part 20 that removes the water and carbon dioxide contained in the exhaust gas from the direct reduction furnace 30 and introduces the reducing gas into the direct reduction furnace 30. Prepare, prepare. The direct reduction iron manufacturing equipment 100 also has a low calorific value of 2.9 ~ 3.8 MJ/nm3 The furnace 40 burns the fuel gas and heats the reductive gas; the first heat exchange unit 13 preheats the fuel gas; and the second heat exchange unit 15 preheats the combustion air of the furnace 40 through the heat of the combustion exhaust gas.
id-JP5621012B1    abstract-[problem] we provide the structure of a beller-type spherical annealing continuous heat treatment furnace. [solution] comprising the first heating room, the second annealing room, the first and second lowering greenhouse, multiple trolley cars and the first and second heat recovery mechanism. The first and second gates are heated on both ends of the first heating room and the second heating room, respectively, and the first and second heating rooms are heated on the upper ends of the first and second heating rooms. The knit, the third gate on the side adjacent to the annealing room, the heating unit above the annealing room, the fourth gate on the side adjacent to the first lowering greenhouse, the first heat recovery mechanism above the first lowering greenhouse, the fifth gate and the second lowering temperature on the side adjacent to the second lowering greenhouse A sixth gate is installed on the other end of the bogie, a second heat recovery mechanism is installed above the second lowering greenhouse, an intake hole, a delivery hole, and a temperature detector are installed on the bogie, and a support mechanism is installed on both ends of the bogie to support the bogie upward. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2014182256A1    abstract-Recuperative unit for flue gas waste heat recovery from the smelting aggregate consists of two basic consecutive functional parts, namely a heat exchange equipment combustion products (1) - air with a preheated air outlet (2) to the burner; and heat exchange equipment combustion products (3) - water with a hot water outlet (4) in such a configuration, where the preheated air outlet (2) is situated at the flue gas inlet (5) of the heat exchange equipment combustion products (1) - air; and the cool air inlet (7) is situated at the flue gas outlet (6) of the heat exchange equipment combustion products (1) - air. The heat exchange equipment combustion products (1) - air consists of three segments (8) arranged in three spatial axes, where a part of the segments (8) is revolvable and a part of the segments (8) is firmly anchored. The flue gas pipe is conducted centrally through each segment (8) of the heat exchange equipment combustion products (1) - air and it is concentrically stored in a solid steel casing ensuring cooling space around the flue ducts with tangential air inlets/outlets located at their ends. The heat exchange equipment combustion products (3) - water has a vertical flue gas chamber and the the system placed therein with field pipes for the flow of heated water, with flue gas outlet (9) into the chimney.
id-JP2014219137A    abstract-[problem] the gas mixed cooler can efficiently cool the exhaust gas without the gas retaining on the surrounding wall of the exhaust gas supply outlet, and the gas mixed cooler does not allow substances contained in the gas to precipitate and solidify and adhere to the inside of the gas mixed cooler. I do. The mixed gas cooler of the present invention is a mixed gas cooler 1 that mixes cooling gas with the exhaust gas and coalesce. The mixed gas cooler is set in the cylindrical main body 3 and the inner surface 3b of the main body 3, and the mixed gas cooler 1 is set in the cylindrical main body 3 and the inner surface 3b of the main body 3. The device is characterized by a cooling gas gout 5 in the circumvention direction of body part 3, and a ring nozzle mouth 7 at the periphery of the exhaust gas supply port 3a in body part 3 to discharge the cooling gas. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20160068978A1    abstract-The invention provides method and system for cooling over a large area, suitable for use for control of layer formation over an extended area in an aluminium electrolysis cell and exploitation of heat.      The objective is achieved by an assembly of a plurality of evaporation tubes connected together using a collecting manifold at the upper end and a distribution manifold at the lower end wherein the manifolds are also connected by a plurality of return lines, wherein a first return line is provided connecting a first end of the collecting manifold with the distribution manifold, and a second return line is provided connecting a second end of the collecting manifold at an opposite side of the first end of the collecting manifold with the distribution manifold.
id-JP2014219136A    abstract-[challenges] we provide a heat recovery device for molten slag with a simplified structure and high heat recovery efficiency. [solution] fluidized bed 3 of the fluidized medium 32 with crushed solidified slag, slag reservoir 4 of the molten slag dripping into the fluidized bed 3, heat transfer tube 7 for recovering heat from the fluidized bed 3, extraction device for recovering solidified slag 34 in fluidized bed 3 It is located at 21. The molten slag droplet 31 from slag reservoir 4 to fluidized bed 3 is solidified and the heat generated at this time is transmitted to heat transfer tube 7 through the fluidized medium 32, so that the heat recovery efficiency can be improved and the device can be miniaturized. In order to control the particle size of the solidified product formed by the solidification of the molten slag droplet, a device is installed to divide the molten slag droplet by blowing a gas-solid two-phase flow 26 before the molten slag reaches the fluidized bed 3, or a device is installed in the fluidized medium layer 3. A device with a mixing paddle 37 to stir the fluid medium and split the semi-solidified slag 33 is installed. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US10526670B2    abstract-The present blast furnace and method for operating a blast furnace are able to reduce CO2 production and the amount of applied additives and heating material. The method for metal production of metal ores comprising the following steps: reducing a metal ore, particularly a metal oxide, and thereby producing furnace gas containing CO2 in a blast furnace shaft; discharging the furnace gas from the blast furnace shaft; directing at least a portion of the furnace gas into a CO2 converter and reducing the CO2 in the furnace gas into CO; directing at least a portion of the CO from the CO2 converter into the blast furnace shaft. The method produces CO as a gaseous reduction agent which may be easily introduced into the blast furnace shaft. Further, a blast furnace for metal production by reducing a metal ore designed for operating according to the method is described.
id-WO2015000584A3    abstract-In a program to Sintern Sinterwerkstucken Sinterwerkstucke (22) in sauerstoffbefreiten or at least Sauerstoffreduzierten Inertgasatmosphare entbindert export Entbinderungsatmosphare produces Bindehilfsstoffen stuff which is what the Entbindern Sinterwerkstucken (22) will release. For the whole metal (22), the internal temperature (T.2) is injected, a channel is created, and the whole metal is treated. Channels (22) are located in a separate exoneration room (28) and another exoneration room (30). Also indicated is the equipment of a foundry (22).
id-WO2014206417A2    abstract-Described is a method as well as an apparatus for removing vaporizable contaminants from a particulate material, by which method the contaminants are inhibited from escaping the compartment at the second end together with the particulate material and transporting the vaporized contaminants towards the first end together with the venting gas, said venting gas acting as a carrier gas, condensing contaminants onto said particulate material in a condensing temperature region having temperatures higher than the initial temperature but lower than the vaporizing temperature such that the contaminants are inhibited from escaping the compartment at the first end together with the venting gas such that said contaminants are continuously vaporized and condensed in an internal vaporization-condensation cycle in the compartment thereby gradually accumulating the contaminants in the compartment. The invention also relates to an apparatus for carrying out the method and the use of such apparatus.
id-WO2014207717A1    abstract-This invention relates to a preheating apparatus (10) which is suitable for preheating material before it enters a furnace. The apparatus defines a cavity (12) therein for receiving the material to be preheated, which cavity (12) is defined by two opposing permeable side walls, a first permeable side wall (14) and a second permeable side wall (16) through which gas can pass from a gas inlet (18), through the material in the cavity (12) and out of the apparatus (10) via a gas outlet (20). The arrangement is such that the gas flows from the gas inlet (18) at a first inlet side (30) of the apparatus, through the first permeable wall (14), through the cavity (12), which is filled with material, through the second permeable wall (16) and out of the apparatus (10) via the gas outlet (20) at the second side (32).
id-EP3026126A1    abstract-An exhaust gas treatment method includes: burning a combustible component in exhaust gas by causing the exhaust gas, which is produced in an electric furnace, to flow into a slag holding furnace and supplying oxygen-containing gas into the slag holding furnace; causing the burned exhaust gas to flow from the slag holding furnace to a suction device through an exhaust gas pipe; adjusting an internal pressure of the electric furnace by introducing external air into the exhaust gas pipe through an opening portion provided in the middle of the exhaust gas pipe; and changing an area of the opening portion depending on a variation in the internal pressure of the electric furnace by using an opening area changing unit provided in the opening portion.
id-WO2015003778A1    abstract-A foundation with excess gravity generated during the extinction of hydrogen, carbon and fossil fuels generates gravity below the vortex layer, and its process and subsequent treatment equipment are designed to achieve excess oxidation. This is because of the effective guidance of oxidation methods, oxidizing soil (2)
id-WO2015000223A1    abstract-A combustion furnace comprises a furnace body (1). A furnace frame (2) is arranged outside the furnace body (1), and a furnace door (3) and a ash exit door (4) are arranged on the furnace body (1). The furnace door (3) is located above the ash exit door (4). The furnace body (1) is provided with a bar shelf (5), and the bar shelf (5) is provided with a bar (6). The upper end of the furnace body (1) is provided with an outlet gas pipe (7), and the extension section (72) on both sides of the outlet gas pipe (7) is provided with a butterfly valve (73). The lower end of the furnace body (1) is provided with an air intake port (8), and the air intake port (8) is successively connected with an air intake pipe (9), a filter pipe (10) and a fan (11). The fan (11) is fixed on the base (12). The combustion furnace has simple structure and adjustable flue gas temperature in the outlet pipe (7).
id-US9459048B2    abstract-A metal melting furnace which effectively melts a melting material and holds the temperature of the molten material to reduce fuel. The metal melting furnace has a material charging port and a flue at its top and a melting chamber with a heating plate which melts a melting material charged from the material charging port at its bottom. A heating burner is disposed at a bottom side of the heating plate of the melting chamber and is used to melt the melting material on the heating plate. Exhaust gas of the heating burner, which circulates through the exhaust gas channel, is used to preheat the melting material of the flue. At a bottom side of the heating burner of the melting chamber, a molten material holding section into which molten material flows to be stored is formed. The heating burner holds the temperature of the molten material.
id-US20160187078A1    abstract-A method for improving thermal efficiency of a heating device that reduces an amount of heat flowing out from a heating device  11  to the outside by installing a heat-resistant inorganic conjugated molded product  16  in and along a pathway  15  for heated gas generated from the heating device  11  without interrupting the flow of heated gas passing the pathway  15 , heating the inorganic conjugated molded product  16  with the heated gas, and putting radiation heat from the heated inorganic conjugated molded product  16  back into the heating device  11 , the inorganic conjugated molded product  16  being provided with an interior layer and an exterior layer, the exterior layer consisting of a coverture for inorganic materials that protects the interior layer from heated gas.
id-WO2015032264A1    abstract-The invention relates to a recovery and utilization method of waste heat and dust in recycled copper refining flue gas, which belongs to a method of waste heat utilization and waste gas treatment, including a waste heat recovery device and a dust recovery device; The waste heat recovery device is composed of A countercurrent heat exchange waste heat boiler A (1), a countercurrent heat exchange waste heat boiler B (2) and a working medium preheater (3) of the countercurrent heat exchange waste heat boiler; The dust recovery device is composed of water shower scrubber (4), liquid film scrubber (5), mist catcher (6), induced draft fan (7), sedimentation filter A (8) and sedimentation filter B (9); The recycling method includes the following steps: primary recovery of waste heat, secondary recovery of waste heat, tertiary recovery of waste heat, water mist washing dust recovery, liquid film dust recovery, mist removal, exhaust emission up to standard; The method has high waste heat recovery efficiency, complete dust recovery and low recovery cost.
id-WO2015042237A1    abstract-Regenerative burner for non-symmetrical combustion and a method of firing the burner. The burner includes a burner housing enclosing a burner plenum; a fuel conduit extending longitudinally within the housing and positioned coaxial with a line spaced from a central axis of the burner, with the fuel conduit defining a fuel exit opening; and a baffle positioned at least partially around the fuel conduit and defining an air conduit extending into the housing and defining an air opening on an opposite side of the burner central axis from the fuel exit opening. The baffle also defines a cavity adjacent the fuel exit opening and in communication with the fuel conduit through the fuel exit opening. The sidewall of the cavity converges from a central axis of the fuel conduit to provide further jet penetration into the furnace and achieve greater levels of products of combustion entrainment prior to combustion.
id-US20160258682A1    abstract-A method of detecting an open arc in a DC plasma arc furnace which is based on detecting a linear decrease in the log of the magnitude of the frequency spectrum of the voltage between the anode and cathode.
id-WO2015032265A1    abstract-The utility model relates to a recovery and utilization method of residual heat and dust from flue gas of non-ferrous metal smelting. The waste heat recovery device and the dust recovery device are connected by A countercurrent heat exchange boiler A (1), a porous ceramic filter of silicon nitride (2), a countercurrent heat exchange boiler B (3), a working medium preheater of the countercurrent heat exchange boiler (4), a chip flow channel gas countercurrent heat exchanger (5), a bag filter dust collector (6), and an induced draft fan (7) through pipelines or pipe fittings. After the waste heat and dust recovery, the flue gas goes to the desulfurization workshop (8) after the sulfur recovery treatment, the tail gas is discharged up to the standard. The method includes the following steps: primary recovery of waste heat, high temperature flue gas filtration and dust removal purification, secondary recovery of waste heat, tertiary recovery of waste heat, quaternary recovery of waste heat, low temperature filtration and dust removal, sulfur recovery treatment, and the tail gas meets the national emission standards. The method has high waste heat recovery efficiency, complete dust recovery, simple process control and low recovery cost.
id-US9914664B2    abstract-Denitrifying bypass exhaust gases in a cement clinker producing plant. The plant comprises a rotary kiln connected to a calciner for the deacidification of raw material or to a rotary kiln riser shaft via a rotary kiln inlet chamber, and the bypass exhaust gas being drawn off in the region of the rotary kiln inlet chamber. The method comprises: cooling the bypass gas to between 260 C and 400 C in a cooling device, injecting an ammonia-, urea-, and/or ammonium-containing substance into the cooled bypass gas, introducing the cooled and mixed bypass gas into a ceramic filter system to filter out any halide and sulfate of the alkali metals and alkaline-earth metals precipitated during cooling the gas, and any nitrogen not reacted by the injected substances is chemically selectively reduced over a catalytic converter which is located in or directly downstream of the ceramic filter system.
id-US20150118632A1    abstract-A conveyor oven for heating and cooling a material at varying air temperatures is proposed. The conveyor oven houses a conveyor and a plurality of climate controlled heating and cooling zones through which the material is transported. In a preheating zone, the material is heated to a desired temperature by at least one cooling fan system that provides exhaust air to the zone. In a heating zone, the material is heated by a heating system cycle comprising an air compressor, a turbine combustor, a turbine preheater, a turbine, a generator, a turbine combustor, and a combustor. In a cooling zone, the material is cooled to a desired temperature by at least one air fan system. Material that has been heated and cooled in the conveyor oven exists via the conveyor belt where it is removed by human and/or machine means.
