id-US20230243586A1    abstract-The present application discloses a pellet flue gas circulation and waste heat utilization process and a system thereof, which relates to the technical field of flue gas treatment. The system includes a grate, a rotary kiln, an annular cooler, and ducts connecting each part. On the basis of not changing the existing process a flue gas circulation unit and intelligent control equipment are arranged additionally in the present application. The process is simple, and not only can ensure the parameter stability of the production system such as temperature, gas flow or gas pressure, but also can make full use of the low and medium temperature flue gas components and the waste heat, so as to achieve net zero waste gas discharging, energy saving and emission reduction.
id-WO2023130753A1    abstract-The invention relates to a three-phase compound heating type low-carbon sintering device, which is characterized in that the device comprises a sintering machine trolley (1), a bottom gas injection system (2) and a heating source; The bottom gas injection system (2) is arranged under the sintering machine trolley (1); The heating source is arranged on the side of the sintering machine trolley (1) along the running direction of the sintering machine trolley (1). On the basis of the existing solid fuel providing the heat required for sintering, gas injection heating and heating source ignition heating are introduced at the same time to realize the three-phase composite heating of solid fuel, gas and heating source, so that the role of adding solid fuel to the sintering layer in the existing technology is gradually replaced by heating source ignition and gas combustion heat release, so as to realize the "low-carbon sintering" with less coke ratio.
id-US11680750B1    abstract-The system and method for a green integrated electric power plant mounted on rooftops, includes platform on which installed low body and upper body with gap. There are no rotatable parts for generating electric power except the propeller of generator which is affected by three air flows. The generator with propeller placed inside of upper body vertically. Low body has inside tube and spirals. Also low body has a few windows. Each window supplied by tangential plate for creating confined vortex. Thus one wind flow acting through low body directly on propeller, second air flow move warm air flow from source of warm air such as laundry or boiler room of building through conduit, inner tube and multiple Venturi tubes also act as a propeller. Third wind air flow moves perpendicular to vertical axes of generator and goes through gap between low body and upper body directly on propeller.
