id-US10836668B2    abstract-A furnace system includes a mixing chamber that receives separate streams of raw material and cullet mix and discharges a combined stream. The mixing chamber tapers from an inlet end to an outlet end. One inlet in the inlet end is configured to receive one of the material and mix and is aligned with an outlet in the outlet end along a vertical axis. Another inlet is configured to receive the other of the material and mix and is offset from the outlet relative to the vertical axis such the material or mix is deposited on a sidewall of the tapered chamber before reaching the outlet. A charger receives the combined stream from the mixing chamber and discharges the mixture into a molten bath in a furnace. A duct system may be used to mix exhaust from the furnace with exhaust from the mixing chamber and charger.
id-WO2019137737A1    abstract-A procedure to reduce hazardous substances in the sky infrared Materialbehandlung states in particular Klinkerherstellung when the exhaust gas enters Entstaubungsvorrichtung at a temperature of up to or equal to 150°C with the associated facilities and the use of kalor The ischen Energieinhaltes system is warmed by other leaders via a Muhlenbypass Ofenabgases Abgasstrome specifically from the Rohmuhle austretenden Abgases.
id-WO2019151938A1    abstract-A system for recovery of thermal energy from a first closed cooling loop (5) for cooling skid pipes (2) in a steel production facility (1), said first closed cooling loop (5) comprising a circulation fluid which receives thermal energy from said skid pipes (2), and a cooling source (6), wherein said system comprises: means (17) for measuring the temperature (T) in said first closed cooling loop (5), and a power conversion module (10) configured to work in a closed loop thermodynamic cycle and convert thermal energy into electricity, wherein said power conversion module (10) is arranged in the first closed cooling loop (5) in fluid communication with the cooling source (6); wherein the power conversion module (10) further comprises a flow control system arranged to control input of thermal energy into said power conversion module (10), wherein said flow control system is arranged to cut off said cooling source (6) from said first closed cooling loop (5) when a measured temperature (T) in said first closed cooling loop (5) is below a first predetermined threshold temperature (T START ), such that said circulation fluid is directed to a hot side of said power conversion module (10) only, to provide a thermal energy input into said power conversion module (10).
id-JP2021508026A    abstract-The slag waste heat recovery device is equipped with the waste heat recovery device (1), and the waste heat recovery device (1) is equipped with the outer shell (11), the inner lining of the outer shell (12), and the inner in order from the outside to the inside. The inner lining of the shell (13) and the inner lining (14) are provided, and a drawer (15) is provided between the inner lining (11) and the inner lining (12), and the inner lining (13) and the inner lining (14) of the inner shell are provided. The slag disk (16) is fixed on the bottom, and the internal lining of the inner shell (14) and the slag disk (16) are combined to form the intake chamber (130), and the internal lining of the outer shell (12) and the inner shell (16) are combined to form the intake chamber (130). 13) and slag disk (16) are combined to form slag storage chamber (100). This slag waste heat recovery device further improves the heat exchange efficiency of the slag waste heat recovery device by adding the heat exchange method of the convective heat transfer to the conventional slag waste heat recovery device. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2019177464A1    abstract-A system for converting thermal energy from an industrial process into other form of usable energy. The present invention attains the above-described objective by a plurality of heat exchangers extracting heat from flu-gas and/or hot surfaces from an industrial plant and/or process, transferring the extracted heat to thermal energy conversion unit where the energy is converted to other usable energy form.
id-JP2022088685A    abstract-[challenges] this technology solves the problem of impurities and harmful dissolved gas mixed with iron ore powder in a direct reduction iron manufacturing plant, and enables a significant reduction in water consumption regardless of the location conditions. [solution] in the direct reduction iron manufacturing plant, the exhaust gas from the externally heated reformer is cooled to recover water, and deaeration equipment is installed in the cooling water system to deaerate harmful dissolved gas. By removing impurities from the pipe and effectively using the treated wastewater from the desalination device for cooling the reduced iron directly, it is not necessary to supply water and waste water. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-JP6534762B1    abstract-[subject] The invention relates to a carbonization furnace that can be treated without producing harmful substances such as dioxins, smoke, smell and carbon dioxide by carbonizing organic waste with heat. In particular, it is very efficient than the existing carbonization furnace, and it can be used as a carbonization furnace. The aim is to provide carbonization furnaces with excellent tennance. [solution] Carbonization furnace 1 has exhaust channel 4 through which the exhaust gas generated from the inside of furnace body 2, exhaust channel 4 between inlet port 12 as the inlet of exhaust gas, outlet 13 as the outlet of exhaust gas, and heat transfer between inlet port 12 and outlet 13 where the exhaust gas flows. It is configured between part 14 and the resupply port 15, which sends the exhaust gas through the heat transfer part 14 back to the main body of the furnace, and between the heat transfer part 14, outlet 13 and resupply port 15. The exhaust gas through the heat transfer part 14 is divided into both outlet 13 and resupply port 15. It is made up of branches. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-US11566842B2    abstract-A cement manufacturing plant can include at least one emission abatement mechanism. In some embodiments, the emission abatement mechanism can utilize a plurality of pulsed gases passed through a reactor to treat a solid particulate material passed through the reactor. The pulsed reactant gas can be pulsed through the reactor so that the pulsed gas passes from a middle portion of the reactor to a first end of the reactor at which the solid particulates can be fed into the reactor. In some embodiments, the reactant gas can be output from the first end to a down corner or other reactant gas conduit for transport to a treatment device.
id-US20210108796A1    abstract-To provide a pyrolysis apparatus capable of pyrolyzing an object to be treated without releasing exhaust gas to the atmosphere. This pyrolysis apparatus includes: a treatment furnace having a pyrolysis section where an object to be treated is subjected to pyrolysis on a grate; a purification water tank retaining water and having a gas pool formed in an upper part thereof; a primary purification tank connected to the upper part of the purification water tank, in which water is jetted toward exhaust gas flowing in from an upper part of the treatment furnace through a gas flue; a piping through which gas is taken up from the gas pool of the purification water tank and returned to the primary purification tank; a secondary purification tank connected to the upper part of the purification water tank, in which water is jetted toward the gas taken up from the gas pool of the purification water tank; and a return piping through which the gas having passed the secondary purification tank is fed into the treatment furnace.
id-WO2020003845A1    abstract-The exhaust gas mercury removal system (1) measures the concentration of mercury contained in the exhaust gas from the exhaust gas device (7) used to remove and treat the exhaust gas E including mercury, and outputs the output value corresponding to the measurement results. The mercury concentration meter (11) and the activated carbon are concentrated in the exhaust gas. A control device (13) controls the activated carbon supply device (12) based on the output value. The control device (13) controls the activated carbon supply device (12) so that the specified amount of activated carbon is supplied intermittently when the output value is less than the first threshold value. When the output value is above the first threshold value, the activated carbon supply volume corresponding to the change rate of the output value is continuously supplied. Control activated carbon supply device (12) to supply.
id-US20220049900A1    abstract-An apparatus is disclosed for a metallurgical furnace having a roof with an integrated off-gas hood. The roof has a hollow metal roof. The hollow metal roof has a top, a bottom, an outer sidewall and an inner sidewall. An opening extends from the top to the bottom and is defined by the inner sidewall. The opening is configured for one or more electrodes to pass therethrough. An enclosed space is defined between the top, the bottom, the inner sidewall and the outer sidewall. A spray-cooled system is disposed in the enclosed space and configured to spray coolant in the enclosed space on the bottom surface of the hollow metal roof. A channel having walls is disposed through the enclosed space, wherein the spray-cooled system extends between the top of the hollow metal roof and the wall of the channel.
id-WO2020022460A1    abstract-This system is highly durable and allows stable skirt movement up and down without being affected by dust, slag, metal, etc. A converter flue gas treatment device connects the converter port 11 with a hood 20 arranged above the converter port 11 through a skirt 30 that is raised and lowered relative to the converter port 11 and the hood 20. The lower end of the inner wall of 20) is arranged outside the opening edge of the converter mouth 11, and the upper end of the skirt 30 is arranged so that it surrounds the lower end of the hood 20, and the open structure is between the hood 20 and the skirt 30. As mentioned above, a gap between the hood (20) and the skirt (30) is provided with a minimum width between 30mm and 70mm.
id-JPWO2020022148A1    abstract-Provides a method and system for producing metal-supported porous materials with high efficiency and low cost that can adsorb and recover phosphorus or arsenic. The system has a carbonization device with a carbonization furnace and a reduction device with a reduction furnace. The reduction furnace is connected to the carbonization furnace to supply the gas generated during carbonization in the furnace. The system may also have at least one of the gas supply pipes connecting the carbonization furnace and the reduction furnace, and the heating means to keep the gas supply pipes warm, or a heating device to heat the gas supply pipes.
id-US11702713B2    abstract-A process and a plant for preheating a metal charge fed in continuous to an electric melting furnace through a preheating tunnel provided with a horizontal conveyor, wherein the metal charge is hit, in countercurrent, by the exhaust fumes or gas leaving the electric melting furnace and by jets of gas ejected through a plurality of nozzles positioned on the hood of the tunnel. The nozzles are arranged in groups interspaced from each other in a longitudinal direction with respect to the tunnel, and generate a small-scale turbulence or inject small fast gas jets that can penetrate the main gas stream passing through the preheating tunnel, and simultaneously generate a “horseshoe vortex” structure composed of a descending central gas flow (“downwash”), and ascending flows (“upwash”) close to the side walls of the preheating tunnel, which enable a desired circulation of the gases.
id-US20210245098A1    abstract-A piping apparatus includes an exhaust pipe providing a passage through which the exhaust gas discharged, and a harmful gas treatment device positioned between a rear end of the vacuum pump and a front end of the exhaust pipe or positioned on the exhaust pipe, wherein the harmful gas treatment device includes a heating means for increasing the temperature of the exhaust gas so as to prevent a sublimable component, from among components included in the exhaust gas, from being sublimated and accumulated inside the exhaust pipe, and the heating means is positioned on a section including a sublimation condition occurrence point, at which a sublimation condition of the sublimable component occurs, and an upstream side of the sublimation condition occurrence point on the exhaust pipe, and the sublimation condition is a temperature condition for the pressure of the sublimable component.
id-US20210331921A1    abstract-A system and method for recovering sulfur in a copper smelting process, in which fine dust is removed from high-concentration SO2 flue gas from a matte smelting furnace, the flue gas is introduced into a fluidized bed carbothermic reduction tower and reduced by a carbon-based reducing agent to obtain reducing gas, which is introduced into a high temperature separator. The separated reducing gas contains unsaturated powder coke, and the reducing gas is condensed to obtain sulfur. The saturated powder coke entrained enters a desorption tower to desorb SO2 gas, and the desorbed powder coke enters a fluidized bed sulfur reduction tower. Part of the SO2 gas discharged from the desorption tower is discharged to the fluidized bed carbothermic reduction tower to produce sulfur, and the other part is introduced into a desulfurization tower.
id-WO2020029048A1    abstract-The utility model relates to a boiler body (1) arranged in a vertical structure, a heat transfer surface tube (3) arranged in a flue of the boiler body (1) and a vibrating ash removal device (7) arranged in a flue of the heat transfer surface tube (3). The heat transfer surface tube (3) is arranged in a vertical row in a flue of the boiler body (1). Each heat transfer surface tube (3) is arranged in a vertical integration, and the vibration ash removal device (7) is arranged at the bottom of the vertical direction of the heat transfer surface tube (3) or near the bottom of the vertical direction of the heat transfer surface tube (3). In the process of vibration cleaning, the heat transfer surface tube (3) carries out the cleaning operation as a whole, and the vibration transmission effect is good and the ash cleaning effect is obvious, which can prevent the surface ash accumulation of the heat transfer surface tube (3) and effectively avoid the resulting phenomenon of reduced heat transfer efficiency of the heat transfer surface tube (3).
id-WO2020029041A1    abstract-The utility model relates to a pure low-temperature flue gas waste heat recovery system of a cement plant, which comprises a rotary kiln (1), a kiln head clinker cooling machine (5), a thermal equipment system (12), a rotary kiln (1) connected with a kiln tail preheater (2), and a kiln tail preheater (2) connected with a kiln tail waste heat recovery equipment (3); The kiln head clinker cooler (5) is connected to the kiln head waste heat recovery equipment (6) through the second dust collector (10.2), and the kiln head waste heat recovery equipment (6) is connected to the chimney (11) through the third dust collector (10.3) and the second induced draft fan (9.2); The kiln end waste heat recovery equipment (3) is provided with a kiln end heat transfer surface group (4), and the kiln head waste heat recovery equipment (6) is provided with a kiln head heat transfer surface group (7), and the kiln end heat transfer surface group (4), the heating equipment system (12) and the kiln head heat transfer surface group (7) are successively connected. The system simplifies the structure and reduces the cost.
id-WO2020029039A1    abstract-The invention discloses a low temperature dust bearing exhaust online dust removal device, which comprises a furnace wall arranged with a cavity and a mesh dust collecting device. The furnace wall is provided with a furnace wall smoke inlet and a furnace wall smoke outlet. The mesh dust collecting device is arranged near the smoke inlet of the furnace wall. The mesh dust collecting device comprises a mesh dust belt, a driving device, a driving wheel and a driven wheel. The driving wheel and the driven wheel are respectively supported on the outer side of the furnace wall through a bracket, and the driving wheel is connected with the output end of the driving device. The mesh dust belt is wrapped around the periphery of the driving wheel and the driven wheel; At the same time, the driving wheel and the driving wheel are placed in a sealing cavity, which is sealed with the wall of the furnace wall. The invention can remove most of the dust in the tail gas without affecting the low temperature exhaust waste heat, and ensure the safe and normal operation of the waste heat recovery device.
id-WO2020029045A1    abstract-The utility model discloses a waste gas and waste heat superheater of a cement kiln head cooling machine, comprising a steel frame and a heat exchange tube box. The heat exchange tube box is installed on the steel frame, the bottom end of the heat exchange tube box is provided with an inlet flue, the top end of the heat exchange tube box is provided with an outlet flue, and a heat transfer surface is arranged in the heat exchange tube box along the flue gas flow vertically. An inlet header and an outlet header are arranged on one side of the heat exchange tube box from top to bottom. The utility model solves the problems such as serious wear of the heat transfer surface of the waste gas waste heat superheater, easy ash blocking in the heat transfer surface area and poor sealing of the furnace wall.
id-WO2020094401A1    abstract-At the same time, it is shown that the shell case neutral sand gravel treatment equipment, full -1, sand tool ventilation (11); Full feed gravel ventilation (9) for ventilation in gravel (9). The cold air treatment device includes at least a bulk divorce device (3), a device for turning (4), and a return pipe (8) to return the purified and cold air pipe to the engine (1). At the same time Steuereinrichtung envisioned a framework for Luftzufuhrung (11) breathable specific gravity from the Frischluftleitung(9) sector ruckgefuhrter Abluft Ruckfuhrleitung (8) based on the Abluft-Temperatur Granulator(post) and the current ability to stop Granulators (1).
