id-JPWO2011087036A1    abstract-As a method to reduce carbon dioxide emissions while minimizing the impact on the reaction and further operation of the current iron making process, the present invention is suitable for the production of reduced iron or pig iron from iron oxide from a gas containing carbon dioxide discharged from the iron making process. Part or all of the carbon dioxide is recovered, and the recovered carbon dioxide is reduced by the use of co2-free energy, for example, electrolysis, in which a carbon source consisting of at least one carbon monoxide and solid carbon is converted into oxygen. The iron-making method is provided in which at least part of the generated carbon source is generated and used as a reduction material in the iron-making process in which a gas containing carbon dioxide is discharged.
id-WO2011090260A3    abstract-본 invention is continuous expression on activated carbon 제조장치 more detail, as has been widely used as activated carbon 제조장치 refers to continuous expression of configuring the device for hydrocarbon and gas to the thermal 공급구조 and active to RON, calls for improved edition, minimal fuel gas by the column 순환구조 series as quickly as the expression to firm up the internal temperature of the device can manufacture high quality activated carbon by continuous expression on activated carbon 제조장치.
id-EP2348270A2    abstract-Methods to Warmeruckgewinnung at Drehrohrofen include Heiz-Vorrichtung(3) to Anbringung Drehrohrofen (1) and a silencer associated with Heiz-Vorrichtung(3) (4) Schalldammung Ansauggerauschen inside Heiz-Vorrichtung(3), while muffler (4) at least one dampfer-einlass-offnung (44, 45) to suck erwarmter Umgebungsluft. .
id-US20180016659A1    abstract-The method and the device serve to treat the flue dust formed during the production of nonferrous metals. After the addition of sulfur and/or a sulfur compound, the flue dust is heated, and volatile compounds are separated in a downstream offgas treatment unit. The flue dust is heated in an inert atmosphere.
id-US20120292835A1    abstract-A pusher includes a pusher main body configured to push forward a target object; a pusher main body cylinder connected to the pusher main body and configured to move the pusher main body forward and backward; a pusher carriage connected to the pusher main body cylinder; and a pusher carriage cylinder connected to the pusher carriage and configured to move the pusher carriage forward and backward, the pusher carriage cylinder having a pushing-out direction opposite to a pushing-out direction of the pusher main body cylinder.
id-US9157336B2    abstract-A waste heat recovery structure includes a first exhaust gas flow path provided to each of steel making electric arc furnaces to discharge exhaust gas thereinto; a waste heat boiler disposed on the first exhaust gas flow path to recover waste heat as saturated steam from exhaust gas; a steam accumulator configured to store steam formed by confluence of saturated steam parts, each generated by the waste heat boiler; a steam super heater configured to turn steam into superheated steam by heating; a second exhaust gas flow path configured to lead exhaust gas from the waste heat boiler to the steam super heater to use it for superheating; a third exhaust gas flow path configured to discharge exhaust gas from the waste heat boiler not through the steam super heater; and a switching device configured to switch flow paths between the second and third exhaust gas flow paths.
id-JP2013530366A    abstract-Fuel combustion furnace and its operating method: the main oxidizer is injected into the combustion chamber of the furnace with a controlled flow rate; The combustible material is burned with the main oxidizer in the combustion chamber (2) to produce thermal energy and flue gas (6) with a temperature above 600 degrees Celsius; The flue gas (6) is moved through the exhaust duct (13), which may contain oxidizing residues, and the exhaust duct (13) is used to dilute the inlet of the oxidizing agent on the downstream side of the combustion chamber (2). 14); The oxidizing residue is burned with the oxidizing agent diluted by the flame (12) at the inlet of the diluting oxidizing agent (14); Fire intensity is detected inside the exhaust duct (12); The flow rate in which the main oxidizer is injected into the combustion chamber (2) is controlled according to the intensity of the flame detected.
id-US20130032586A1    abstract-The invention relates to a firing furnace for a tooth replacement or tooth prosthesis, with a firing chamber, at least one heating element for heating the firing chamber, a control unit for controlling the operation of the firing furnace, and a housing at least partially surrounding the firing chamber, wherein the firing furnace comprises at least one thermoelectric element for utilizing the waste heat generated by the firing furnace.
id-WO2011135468A1    abstract-Described is a plant for manufacturing cement, which plant comprises a preheater (1) for preheating cement raw materials suspended in gases, a bottom cyclone (11) for separating the preheated cement raw materials and the gases, said cyclone (11) having a central outlet duct (6) for separated gases, a kiln (5) for burning the calcined cement raw material into cement clinker, as well as a bypass duct (14) for removing volatile components, such as chloride, alkali and sulphur, from the cement manufacturing plant, which bypass duct (14) is located after the bottom cyclone (11) viewed in the direction of movement of the gases. The plant is peculiar in that the bypass duct (14) extends into the central area of the central outlet duct (6). It is hereby obtained, that the exhaust gases extracted through the bypass duct (14) contain a significant smaller amount of dust and also that the entrained dust constitutes the finest fraction of the dust leaving the bottom cyclone (11) with the exhaust gases. This is due to the fact that the dust concentration at the point of extraction via the bypass due to the swirling action of the exhaust gases is lowest in the central area of the central outlet duct.
id-US8747524B2    abstract-A method for separating out molten dust in high temperature gas includes the steps of: passing the high temperature gas carrying molten dust through an adhesive separator, the molten dust adhering to the adhesive separator and separating from the high temperature gas, the molten dust adhering to the inner sidewall flowing downwardly due to the gravity force and discharging; conveying the cleaned high temperature gas into a heat exchanger directly or after heating materials for cooling and discharging; using the heat recycled by the heat exchanger to heat the gas supplied to the adhesive separator; and supplying the gas heated by the heat exchanger into the adhesive separator directly or after further reaction, the heat absorbed from the heat exchanger and the heat generated in the reaction keeping the temperature of the gas flowing out of the adhesive separator higher than the melting point of the dust.
id-US20110266726A1    abstract-In certain exemplary embodiments, a system includes a gas turbine system having a turbine, combustor, and a compressor. The system also includes an output flow path from the gas turbine system. The system further includes a blast furnace coupled to the output flow path, wherein output flow path is configured to deliver heated air or exhaust gas from the gas turbine system directly to the blast furnace as a blast heat source.
id-WO2011147006A1    abstract-The utility model comprises a set of provisions introduced in an EOF(energy optimization furnace) component of a liquid steel production device, These provisions include the following innovations: the furnace uses a synchronous electronic system for traction and structural adjustment of speed, the new arrangement of the furnace (1) for the boat and the raised beam (2), the use of synchronous performance of the electronic hydraulic cylinder of the open system at the bottom of cestao's boat increases the width of the furnace (11), the coffee (6) length of the electromagnetic field in the furnace uses a single storage system for dose and transport Added (7) around the rotary furnace and system deployment (8), the redisposicao outlet (9) of the transmission and inlet at the top (see Figure 10) the preheater's hydraulic valve (11) and a cooling system set small tubes of water and walls of the transmission, with transition parts (12) and curves up/down at the inlet to play, and a rectangular section of length and water cooling The inclined section of the tube (13) of the partial rectangular block outlet of the gas and tube chilled water loss monitoring system, using different load, balance each other circuit, each element: refrigerated test also applied in the plant flow, measure the loss of goods; To facilitate the correction and prevention of system imbalance, each circuit still passes through the editing of the cooling unit's level of all elements, the circuit's total throughput, and your cargo loss degree to determine the maximum Δp of the circuit.
id-WO2011149054A1    abstract-The cooling parts (10, 110, 210, 410) that cool the gas containing the steam of zinc chloride at the temperature above the melting point of zinc chloride so that zinc chloride is condensed as solid particles, and the cooling parts that cool the solid particles of zinc chloride condensed by the cooling parts Filter member (50, 250, 350) for filtering gas sent from the filter member.
id-US8926729B2    abstract-An apparatus for producing a reducing gas for direct reduction iron-making includes an internal-heating type reformer for reforming a natural gas by adding steam and oxygen to the natural gas and by partially burning the natural gas to generate reducing gas containing hydrogen and carbon monoxide; a remover for removing carbon dioxide from exhaust gas generated in the direct reduction iron-making; and a line for recycling as the reducing gas the exhaust gas from which the carbon dioxide is removed by the remover.
id-WO2012005901A1    abstract-A regenerative firing system is disclosed which functions in a heat treating furnace or other high temperature technology. The system comprises a plurality of regenerator heat transfer boxes which absorb the heat contained in high temperature exhaust from the furnace. Each regenerator box transfers this absorbed heat to a flow of ambient air. The now heated air flows from the regenerator box into a common air stream which is then fed to a plurality of burners. The preheated air stream is supplied to a common air stream that is then simultaneously provided to each of a plurality of burners. The design of the current system allow for the regenerators to be placed in any convenient location around the furnace. The regenerative system may also be adapted to current heat treating furnaces. In addition, the current invention comprises a method of heat recovery for a furnace utilizing the inventive system. The regenerators produce a common preheated combustion air supply which then flows to a plurality of burners. The heated air produced from each regenerator flows to each of the burners. Each regenerator performs a different step of the method at any given time, allowing each of the burners to continuously fire.
id-WO2011162632A1    abstract-The method of non-waste thermal treatment of municipal solid waste includes the drying of the said waste before it is fed into the melting furnace with gaseous nitrogen heated to 200-300 degrees with heat, stored liquid metal heat when the body of the melting chamber is cooled, their loading at an adjustable rate into the melting chamber, the burning of organic constituents in the atmosphere of oxygen on the surface of the melted slag, Obtained from mineral constituents of waste and added fluxes in the melting chamber. The resulting gases are transferred through the cooled tube to the power boiler, where they are burned and heat disposed of. The rate of continuous discharge of excess slag from the chamber shall be maintained at a level which ensures the presence of a constant quantity of slag in the chamber. The device for realization of the described method is described. Technical result: dioxins and furans are eliminated by maintaining a rational ratio of mass of waste loaded in a unit of time to mass of melted slag in the melting chamber, increasing the use of heat removed by nitrogen from the metal heat carrier in the secondary melting chamber cooling system.
id-EP2392393A1    abstract-The invention comprises a centrifugal pump (1) for cleaning a foreign gas stream carried with it, and a complete outlet (3) for initiating the gas stream to be cleaned; The explosion outlet 4 obtains the natural gas flow after release to pump the foreign fuel with separated fuel consumption 5; Inside and one Verschleißhemd six Fliehkraftabscheiders 1 is at least part of the Innenwandung Fliehkraftabscheiders 1 breakage through the protection between the banned substances contained in Gasstrom, while Innenwandung Fliehkraftabscheiders 1 and 6 Verschleißhemdes at least 7 elements Dampfungsmittel are sucked into the coolant... Balance 7 under relay between clutch inside 1 and wear shirt 6
id-US11285440B2    abstract-A method for reducing pollution in exhaust gases and a system for treating exhaust gas are provided. The method includes the step of treating an exhaust gas stream with a treating fluid. In one application, the treating fluid is injected by spraying droplets into the exhaust gas stream. A system for treating exhaust gas includes a reagent, and a nozzle to spray the reagent into the exhaust gas stream.
id-US20120028203A1    abstract-A high capacity shaft kiln, which includes a plurality of vertical kiln shafts, a common heating unit and a cooling unit attached to the common heating unit. Each of the plurality of vertical kiln shafts are sized and configured to receive a source of material, which descends from an upper end thereof to a lower end thereof, and wherein each of the plurality of vertical kiln shafts has an inlet, which is sized and configured to receive a fuel source from a distribution device. The common heating unit is sized and configured to receive the source of material from the lower end of each of the plurality of vertical kiln shafts.
id-US20130122798A1    abstract-A building is provided with a hood for drawing fumes produced in a metallurgical environment, comprising: a main hood body defining a hood conduit having a decreasing cross-section between an inlet and an outlet openings for the fumes coming from the metallurgical environment; a header for collecting fumes coming from the outlet opening of the main hood body; one or more pipes for conveying fumes outside said header. Portions of said main hood body form walls of said one or more pipes.
id-WO2012025852A1    abstract-A description is given of method as well as a plant for simultaneous production of separate flows of cement clinker and supplementary cementitious material (SCM), respectively, where cement raw materials are preheated in a preheater (5), calcined in a calciner (7), burned into cement clinker in a kiln (9) and cooled in a clinker cooler (1 1 ), and where SCM raw materials are heated to a temperature of at least 500 °C subject to heat exchange with hot gases and subsequently separated from the hot gases. The method and plant are peculiar in that the hot gases separated from the heated SCM raw materials are directed into the calciner (7). It is hereby obtained that the environmental harmful gaseous species released from the SCM production process are effectively immobilised and/or destroyed in the calciner, thus eliminating the need of costly cleaning equipment. This is due to the fact that the combustible emission compounds, being organic compounds, carbon monoxide, ammonia, etc., are effectively combusted in the calciner and the acidic emission compounds, being SO 2 /SO 3 , HCI, H 2 S, are effectively scrubbed by reacting with the alkaline dust present in the calciner. Also, ammonium compounds and to some extent NO will be destroyed in the calciner. Furthermore, the heat of reaction released by the combustion of the emission compounds is released in the calciner and therefore fully utilised to lower the overall fuel consumption. Thus, by combining the two per se known production processes of cement clinker and SCM, respectively, in the described way, a both energy efficient and low emission process is obtained for the simultaneous production of a high quality SCM product and cement clinker.
id-WO2012038906A2    abstract-The present invention refers to a heat exchanger (1) for the rapid cooling of flue gas of ironwork plants, comprising a support structure (2) of at least one module (100) which in turn comprises an inlet manifold (3) of the flue gas and an outlet manifold (4) of the flue gas which are mutually opposed and aligned, a plurality of panels (5) that extend between the inlet manifold (3) and the outlet manifold (4) and which are mutually superimposed at a defined distance, wherein pairs of adjacent panels (5) define flow channels (6) of the flue gas which are closed laterally by shoulders (7) and which have at opposite ends respectively an inlet aperture (8) in communication with the inlet manifold (3) and an outlet aperture (9) in communication with the outlet manifold (4), and circulation ducts (10) of a cooling fluid associated with the panels (5), first selective closing means (14) of the inlet apertures (8) of one or more of said channels (6) and second selective closing means (15) of the outlet apertures (9) of one or more said channels (6), wherein each of said channels (6) is laterally closed by a respective pair of shoulders (7) of which at least one is of the removable type.
id-US9758883B2    abstract-A raw gas collection system for collecting raw gas from a plurality of aluminium smelting pots is equipped with a plurality of branch ducts, each of which is arranged to channel a respective branch flow of raw gas from an aluminium smelting pot to a collection duct, which is common to and shared by the branch ducts. Each of said branch ducts is, near an outlet thereof, equipped with a curved section for aligning the branch flow with a flow direction of raw gas already present in the common collection duct, and a constriction for accelerating the branch flow through the branch duct outlet into the common collection duct. Furthermore, each of said branch ducts is equipped with a heat exchanger for removing heat from the respective branch flow of raw gas. The combined flow resistance of the constriction and the heat exchanger reduces the need for adjusting the respective branch flows using dampers, thereby reducing the power required to transport the raw gas.
id-JPWO2012035611A1    abstract-Metal recovery method and equipment from electric furnace dust can be obtained efficiently without problems such as blockage of the equipment. The metal recovery device from the electric furnace dust of the present invention is a metal recovery device 1 from the electric furnace dust that melts and reduces the electric furnace dust with the total mass % of chlorine and zinc content more than 12% mainly through electrical energy to recover the molten iron and zinc oxide, and melts and returns the electric furnace dust The secondary combustion chamber 5 in which the flue gas updraft velocity of the original furnace 3 and the melting reduction furnace 3 is more than 0.5m/s and the updraft is less than 2.0m/s; the coarse-grain dust recovery device 7 collects coarse-grain dust from the lower part of the secondary combustion chamber 5; and the secondary combustion chamber Equipped with a fine dust recovery device 9, which is arranged on the side of the exhaust gas outlet in step 5 to recover fine dust.
id-EP2431696A1    abstract-The invention relates to a technique or facility, in particular fuel, especially gas fuel combustion, to warm an industrial stove, At least one Banner (1) Betriebszustand passes through fuel Brennstoffzufuhrung (4) and Verbrennungsluft Verbrennungsluftzufuhrung (5) passes through fuel and fuel / The Verbrennungsluftgemisch Zundeinrichtung detonates and simultaneously the Verbrennungsabgas flows from Banna (1) to Industrieofens in a hot water room (3). According to this design, the temperature of the boiler room (3) is above the marginal value, and the fuel flow located at the first fuel intake (4) is cut off and can only be transported from the combustion area (1) to the boiler room (3). The fuel will be fed through another Brennstoffzufuhrung (7) into the hot water chamber at the Verbrennungsluftstrom at an Angle between 60° and 120° for the axis Verbrennungsluftstromes eingedust in hot water room (3)flammenlos oxidation.
id-US20130154167A1    abstract-An exhaust gas duct apparatus for use in a rotary-hearth furnace for heating a starting material including a carbonaceous reducing material and an iron-oxide containing material to produce reduced iron or granular metallic iron. In an exhaust gas duct for use in the rotary-hearth furnace, a cooling part for cooling an exhaust gas discharged from the rotary-hearth furnace to solidify a metal salt in the exhaust gas, a collision part for allowing the exhaust gas just after being cooled to collide therewith to drop down the metal salt solidified, and a direction change duct for guiding the exhaust gas after being collided, in a direction other than a direction of dropping the metal salt, are arranged in this order in two stages.
id-US9359556B2    abstract-A biomass torrefaction system is provided which enables a continuous torrefaction process that involves the introduction of biomass particles into a rotating reactor drum having a low oxygen environment. The particles are conveyed through the drum by a heated gas stream and simultaneously torrefied thereby. Gas exiting the drum is recirculated back to a heat source for reheating the gas prior to reentering the drum. A method of biomass torrefaction is also provided.
id-WO2012057142A1    abstract-The manufacturing method of the sintering body according to the invention includes the raw material preparation process of the mixture containing inorganic compounds, organic binders and solvents, the molding process of forming the mixture to obtain the green molding body, and the introduction of a gas with an oxygen concentration of 1-5% by volume into the furnace body 1. The first heating process is to raise the temperature to obtain the molded body containing the remaining carbon-containing substances, and the second heating process is to raise the temperature further to obtain the burnt adult body without introducing a gas with an oxygen concentration of 1 to 5% volume into furnace body 1, and oxygen is present. When the molding body after the first heating process is left in an atmosphere of 900 degrees Celsius, the treatment conditions of the first heating process are set so that the temperature of the center of the molding body is more than 20 degrees Celsius higher than the temperature of the atmosphere in the furnace body 1.
id-EP2626660A1    abstract-A thermal efficiency improvement device 10 for a heating furnace is installed in an exhaust port 12 of the heating furnace to reduce effluent heat from the exhaust port 12 to the outside. The device 10 disposed along a flow of exhaust gas passing inside the exhaust port 12 includes at least one heat-resistant fabric members 15, 16 heated by exhaust gas and supporting members 13, 14, 17, 18, 19 fixing the fabric members 15, 16 to the exhaust port 12, and puts radiant heat from the heated fabric members 15, 16 back into the heating furnace to reduce effluent heat to the outside. By installing the device in an exhaust port of an existing or newly-built heating furnace, radiant heat from the fabric members heated by exhaust gas is put back into the heating furnace, and effluent heat from the exhaust port is reduced.
id-US8298475B2    abstract-A furnace system includes a furnace facility disposed on a conveyer device and having a pre-heating zone, a high temperature heating zone, and two cooling zones, and the conveyer device moves the work piece from the pre-heating zone through the high temperature heating zone and the cooling zones, two heating members disposed in the heating zones for pre-heating and heating the work piece, two piping members coupled between the cooling zones and the heating zones for recycling the waste heat gas, and two blowing devices draw the waste gas from the cooling zones to the heating zones for recycling and economizing the heat energy and for preventing the steel materials from being distorted or twisted.
id-EP2439475A1    abstract-Boeing Chargiervorrichtung(1), enthaltendes well Chargiergut (2) adopted Schiebers schubweise through Austrittsoffnung (11) lower Schachtwand(4) Schmelzgefaß (31)(13) can then facilitate the case, pass, part of Austrittsoffnung (11) in the begrenzender (26) of a party to Vorschubkraft Schiebers refers to Kraftkomponente raising.
id-EP2437018A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a tunnel kiln (1) for firing ceramic articles, preferably bricks.      Such kiln comprises a kiln wall (2) which defines a containment chamber (4) of at least one ceramic article and a plurality of burners (6', 6", 8) distanced along the kiln wall (2) to heat said chamber (4) so as to promote firing of the ceramic article, wherein the chamber (4) is suitable for receiving at least partially unburned gaseous products from the burners (6', 6", 8) and/or from the ceramic product.      The kiln further comprises oxidant supplying means (10, 12), preferably supplying air, to the plurality of burners (6', 6", 8), and suction means (14) suitable for withdrawing a portion of the gaseous products from the containment chamber (4).      The suction means (14) are fluidically connected to the oxidant supplying means (10, 12) so that the portion of gaseous products feeds at least one (6', 6") of said burners (6', 6", 8).      The present invention also relates to a burner (6', 6"), preferably usable in the aforesaid kiln (1).
id-US20120125595A1    abstract-An exhaust duct for cooling an exhaust flue. One or more modular coolant coils are disposed about the outer circumference of or within the flue interior cavity for thermal communication with exhaust gas. Each coil has a helical spiral profile extending along the flue axial dimension, an interior lumen there through for passage of coolant provided by a cooling system, and a respective inlet and outlet for respective intake and discharge of coolant. Optionally at least one remotely adjustable valve is coupled to the coolant coil and an industrial automation controller, for regulation of coolant flow rate within the coil. The coolant coils may incorporate one or more coolant temperature sensors in communication with the controller. A plurality of exhaust duct cooling coils may be under common control of the controller, for allocation of coolant among the coils and other portions of the cooling system.
id-WO2012069057A1    abstract-Described is an apparatus (7) for removing volatile components, such as chloride, alkali and sulphur, from exhaust gases in a cement manufacturing plant, which plant comprises a preheater (1) for preheating cement raw materials, a kiln (5) for burning cement clinker, and a transition zone(3)between the preheater (1) and the kiln (5), said apparatus (7) comprising a cooled condensation body (9)having an outer surface temperature which is lower than the condensation temperature of the volatile components and being placed into the exhaust gases at a location where the temperature of the exhaust gases exceeds the mentioned condensation temperature so that volatile components when brought into contact with the condensation body (9) are cooled to a level below their condensation temperature and are thereby condensed and deposited on the condensation body (9).The apparatus is peculiar in that means (11; 14, 16) for cleaning the condensation body (9) is constantly located inside the plant accommodating the exhaust gases to be cleaned. It is hereby obtained that the cleaning procedure of the condensation body may take place inside the plant, thus an airtight compartment may be omitted,and essential without any interruption.
id-US20120107758A1    abstract-A preheating apparatus for particulate material using hot kiln gases to preheat the particular material. The apparatus has a means to cool the hot kiln gases prior to the gases being exhausted from the preheating apparatus.
