id-US10113209B2    abstract-A method for producing high carbon content metallic iron using coke oven gas, including: dividing a top gas stream from a direct reduction shaft furnace into a first top gas stream and a second top gas stream; mixing the first top gas stream with a coke oven gas stream from a coke oven gas source and processing at least a portion of a resulting combined coke oven gas stream in a carbon dioxide separation unit to form a synthesis gas-rich gas stream and a carbon-dioxide rich gas stream; delivering the synthesis gas-rich gas stream to the direct reduction shaft furnace as bustle gas; using the carbon-dioxide rich gas stream as fuel gas in one or more heating units; and delivering the second top gas stream to the direct reduction shaft furnace as bustle gas.
id-US20170349486A1    abstract-Disclosed is a method for producing sintered material from organic raw materials, implemented in an apparatus comprising, a cyclone preheater, a rotary furnace and a grate cooler, and in which the raw materials are preheated in the cyclone preheater, the preheated material is calcined and sintered in the rotary furnace, and the calcined materials are cooled by blowing cooling air in the grate cooler, producing hot air. The hot air is separated into three upstream-to-downstream fractions, the three hot air fractions being at decreasing temperatures. The first air fraction acts as combustion air in at least the combustion zone of the rotary furnace and/or of the potential precalciner of the apparatus. The second air fraction is greater than the combustion air needs to produce energy. The third air fraction is directed at least in part to the combustion zone of the apparatus, providing combustion air with the first air fraction.
id-JP2016132581A    abstract-[challenges] no clogging caused by SiO gas occurs in the exhaust path, and no sediment caused by SiO gas exists in the continuous firing furnace. Can provide continuous baking furnace. [solution] in a continuous firing furnace, recrystallized SiC is produced by continuously firing a molding body containing SiC particles at 2000 to 2300 degrees Celsius. In the middle of the above continuous firing furnace, gas containing SiO is injected into 150 pieces of SiC. It is a continuous firing furnace characterized by the installation of an exhaust path 25 that exhales while maintaining the temperature from 0 to 1900 ° c. Select diagram: figure 4
id-US20220339595A1    abstract-A method of cooling a liner in a plasma chamber. A recycle gas is contacted with or passed through the liner to cool the liner and pre-heat the recycle gas. The pre-heated gas is then recycled through the plasma chamber to become part of the plasma forming process. The method further comprises the liner is graphite, the recycle gas passes through at least one cooling channel present in the liner, at least one of the cooling channels are covered with at least one removable liner/channel cover, carbon deposits are formed from the presence of hydrocarbons in the recycle gas, at least one channel is formed in a spiral cooling channel pattern, at least one channel is formed in a substantially straight cooling channel pattern, and a plenum to aid in the production of an even distribution of cooling gas in the channels.
id-WO2016123666A1    abstract-A direct smelting process for processing low heating-value off-gas is disclosed. The method includes supplying carbonaceous material to a molten bath of metal and slag in a direct smelting vessel and supplying a hot gas blast from stoves into a top space above the molten bath to post-combust reaction gas from the molten bath in the top space and, thereby, produce an off-gas. The method includes supplying fuel gas, off-gas and oxygen-containing combustion gas to the stoves and combusting the fuel gas, off-gas and the combustion gas to heat the stoves and controlling the dome temperature in the stoves by supplying the off-gas to the stoves together with the fuel gas and the combusting gas when the heating value of the off-gas is below 1.8 MJ/Nm3 (HHV basis). a direct smelting plant for smelting metalliferous material to molten metal in a molten bath of metal and slag. The plant operates the method described above.
id-US20180038648A1    abstract-A method and a corresponding plant for denitrifying bypass exhaust gases in a cement clinker production plant. Raw meal is sintered in a rotary kiln and deacidified in a calciner. A rotary kiln inlet chamber is connected to the calciner directly or by a riser duct. Bypass exhaust gas is drawn off near the inlet chamber. This exhaust gas is guided into a first mixing chamber, in which the exhaust gas is cooled to between 800 and 950 degrees C., then the exhaust gas is guided through a reaction pipeline segment, wherein the dwell time is between 0.5 and 3 seconds and ammonia, aqueous ammonia solution, or ammonia-releasing substances are injected for denitrification. Then the exhaust gas is guided into a second mixing chamber, in which the exhaust gas is cooled to between 150 250 degrees C. Then the exhaust gas is guided to a filter for dust removal.
id-US20160273065A1    abstract-A process gas preparation device for an industrial furnace system is disclosed. The gas preparation device includes a preparation reactor having a catalyst. A gas feed line and a gas return line are connected between the industrial furnace and the preparation reactor to form a closed loop. A compressor is situated upstream from the preparation reactor in the feed line. The preparation reactor is also connected with supply lines for hydrocarbon gas and air to be supplied to the preparation reactor. The process gas preparation device also includes a control device with which process gas preparation and return can be regulated and controlled. The gas feed line also has a shut-off valve. The control device can check the functional state of the catalyst by measuring the pressure differential across the catalyst and can initiate a burn-out process therein to clear clogging of the catalyst.
id-WO2016156921A1    abstract-A firing kiln for ceramic products, and the like, comprising at least a first channel (2) and at least a second channel (3) defined between kiln walls (1), their respective first feeding means (4a) of the products in at least said first channel (2) and second feeding means (4b) of the products in at least said second channel (3), respective firing means (5) of the same products, means of exchange (6) of hot air for sending pre-determined air flows between respective areas of the first channel (2) with areas of the second channel (3). The means of exchange (6) comprise a distribution of damper valves (22), provided with respective ports (23), designed to collect and adjust in a unidirectional manner the flow of hot air from the first end cooling area (10) to the second preheating area (13), and from the second end cooling area (15) to the first preheating area (8).
id-US20180016651A1    abstract-The present disclosure is characterized by inexpensively treating an ammonia gas contained in an exhaust gas after nitriding without performing combustion, adsorption using an adsorption agent, or the like. A vacuum carburizing device of the present disclosure includes a heating furnace which heats a workpiece, an ammonia gas supply device which supplies an ammonia gas and nitrides the workpiece to the heating furnace, and a thermal decomposition furnace which thermally decomposes the ammonia gas discharged from the heating furnace after nitriding.
id-US20160339382A1    abstract-For purifying waste gas charged with nitrogen oxides in a reactor with heat-accumulator chambers containing heat-accumulator materials, the raw gas to be purified alternately enters one of the heat-accumulator chambers. Mixed with a reducing agent for the reduction of the nitrogen oxides, it is supplied to a catalyst for the reduction of the nitrogen oxides, and the clean gas heats the heat-accumulator material in the heat-accumulator chamber which the clean gas exits. A partial flow is taken therefrom, heated by means of a heat source and, mixed with a reducing agent, supplied again to the heat-accumulator chamber which the raw gas enters. This heated, recirculated gas forms the only heat source for the overall system.
id-US10584408B2    abstract-A carburization device includes a heating furnace which heats a material, a transfer mechanism, an alcohol vapor generator, an alcohol vapor spraying portion, a quenching tank, and an exhaust heat intake tube. The transfer mechanism moves a plurality of materials. The alcohol vapor generator uses part of heat generated by the heating furnace as a heat source. As the alcohol vapor spraying portion repeats a vapor spraying step and a diffusion step a plurality of times in the heating furnace. In the vapor spraying step, by spraying alcohol vapor on the material which moves inside the heating furnace, carbon in the alcohol is adsorbed to the material. In the diffusion step, an interval for diffusing the carbon adsorbed to the material is taken.
id-WO2016178641A1    abstract-So invented the heating nozzle, using the heat energy of homemade hot metal parts. At the main door of the vacuum heat exchanger, the warm metal parts are sucked in, and then the cooling device in the tube is tilted in the opposite direction, so that the heat will be transferred to the cooling device. Then you can use the updated elements at will
id-WO2016205579A1    abstract-A method of carrying out combustion of fuel with air/O 2  in a furnace (such as a glass making furnace) is disclosed, where at least a part of the combustion products (e.g. H 2 0, CO 2 ) are passed with hydrocarbon fuel to a regenerator where an endothermic reaction forms syngas (H 2  and CO) and generates soot (C-particulates), which is then passed to and combusted in the furnace with an oxidant (air/O 2 ) to improve the performance w.r.t. waste heat recovery efficiency. The method can be applied to an end-(preferably O 2 -)fired GMF with reversible regenerators, using CH 4  as the injected hydrocarbon fuel.
id-WO2016208717A1    abstract-The denitration system (1) is equipped with a denitration reactor (10), a heat exchanger (15), and a heater (20). The NOx removal reactor (10) is filled with a catalyst (11) containing Ir to reduce NOx contained in the exhaust gas (EX). The heat exchanger (15) cools the predenitration gas (EXb) by heat exchange between the predenitration gas (EXb) flowing into the denitration reactor (10) and the predenitration gas (EXa) flowing out of the denitration reactor (10). Heat. The heater (20) heats the pre-nox gas (EXb) after passing through the heat exchanger (15), and the amount of heat is adjustable.
id-EP3101375A1    abstract-The program produces FeCr at Drehstrom Reduktionsofen with Thyristorsteuerung Lichtbogenbetrieb in three preferably round Reduktionsofen electrodes or rechteckigen Reduktionsofen with three electrodes, while preferably graphite /.Kohleelektroden or classical Soderberg-Elektroden activity; The way carrots warm up is to control the temperature through hot water delivery systems and coal pipes.
id-US10549496B2    abstract-Provided is a coal briquette manufacturing apparatus including a material storage configured to store a plurality of materials for manufacturing coal briquette; a material mixer configured to mix the plurality of materials discharged from the material storage; a coal briquette manufacturer configured to manufacture the coal briquette by press-forming the materials mixed in the material mixer; and a conveyor provided to the material storage, the material mixer or the coal briquette manufacturer, and configured to transport the plurality of materials or the coal briquette, wherein the plurality of materials includes coal ashes, dolomite, and limestone, and a weight of the coal ashes is 70 to 80% of an entire weight of the plurality of materials.
id-WO2016199291A1    abstract-The reduction iron production method is to reduce iron oxide using reduction gas inside the reduction furnace (1) to produce reduced iron. The top gas (T) discharged when the reduction iron is produced in the reduction furnace (1) is cooled with a medium other than water. Then, water is used to cool the top gas (T).
id-JP2018528322A    abstract-The present invention relates to equipment and configuration for (dry) metallurgical processing of electrical and/or electronic scrap or parts, in particular to the processing of substantially uncontaminated electrical and/or electronic scrap or parts without impurities. It is constructed as such. The equipment or configuration includes a melt reactor with a cooling device. The present invention also relates to the use of a device or configuration for the metallurgical processing of electrical and/or electronic scrap or components and for the acquisition of raw material copper or its precursors. The invention also relates to a method for (dry) metallurgical processing of electrical and/or electronic scrap or parts.
id-WO2016208669A1    abstract-The carbonization device of the present invention is a drying part and a drying part. The drying part is configured to supply superheated steam to the treated material transmitted from one side of the drying case to the other by the drying screw conveyor through an upper opening provided in the drying case. The carbonization part is configured to supply superheated steam through an upward opening provided in the carbonization case to the treated material, which is transported by the carbonization screw conveyor from one side of the carbonization case to the other after being dried. .
id-US20180127312A1    abstract-In methods of and/or plants for manufacturing cement clinker, the amount of chloride bypass exhaust gas  79  can be substantially decreased, when using previously cooled chloride bypass exhaust gas  81  and/or cooled kiln exhaust gas as coolant for the chloride bypass exhaust gas  39  prior to deducting the chloride bypass exhaust gas  39.
id-WO2017018765A8    abstract-Melting in a chapter of upper water by differential into bullets melting occurs in the oxidation of reductive gas, to improve the ore melting enhances reduction rate and lowering the proportion of co2 at the same time with you, so you can increase the proportion of carbon monoxide, melting in a chapter of upper water differential peat becomes installed on at least one burner; Remind 및 differential burnt into differential becomes amount of coal to be supplied by burner control unit provided to control the melting is likely to contain their differential peat melting into devices and remind, as installed on differential burnt into burner using differential phase, who becomes bullets; and the differential of melting into environment as above include steps to control differential becomes method provides a ride.
id-US9597626B2    abstract-Methods and apparatus for reducing the content of controlled acidic pollutants in clinker kiln emissions are disclosed. The methods and apparatus include introducing bypass dust produced during production of clinker into one or more locations between the preheater exhaust and the inlet to a dust filter including into a gas conditioning tower. Total bypass dust separated from the kiln exhaust gas may be used. The bypass dust can be separated into a fine and coarse portions. Fine or total bypass dust can be mixed with water to form a bypass dust slurry that can be introduced into the gas conditioning tower. Bypass dust can be used to reduce the content of acidic pollutants such as hydrogen chloride HCl and sulfur oxides SO x  from clinker kiln emissions.
id-US10871098B2    abstract-Disclosed are a thermoelectric generation apparatus, a heat generation apparatus for fuel storage tanks, and a waste heat recovery system. The thermoelectric generation apparatus according to an embodiment of this disclosure includes a first piping through which a fluid flows, a second piping through which a cooling medium of a lower temperature than the fluid flows so as to radiate the heat of the fluid, a plurality of first radiating fins having one side in contact with air of a lower temperature than the fluid so as to radiate the heat of the fluid and the other side in contact with the second piping, and a thermoelectric generation module provided between the first piping and the second piping to produce electricity through a temperature difference between the first piping and the second piping.
id-US11473843B2    abstract-Employing furnace combustion gases for both thermochemical regeneration and heating of regenerators to preheat oxidant for the furnace provides synergistic efficiencies and other advantages.
id-WO2017051586A1    abstract-The invention provides an aluminum swarf melting device for dissolving swarf, which is a cutting chip of aluminum metal or alloy, to obtain aluminum melting water, and a centrifugal oil-water separation device for reducing the oil moisture in the attached cutting oil of aluminum swarf and a further Attachment of aluminum chips: drying and preheating means to remove moisture from cutting oil; loading means to insert the dried and preheated aluminum chips into the molten water of a crucible melting furnace; It is specially equipped with an aluminum melting unit for melting aluminum to produce aluminum melt, and an oil component gasification combustion unit for gasifying the remaining oil in the dried and preheated aluminum chips in a cruciform melting furnace and burning it in a combustion burner. It's worth it.
id-US10914522B2    abstract-In a method for reducing the NOx emissions of a rotary kiln of a clinker production plant, fuel supplied through a burner of the rotary kiln is burned along with primary air fed through the burner, wherein the primary air has a lower oxygen content and the primary air has an oxygen content reduced relative to that of the ambient air and a temperature increased relative to that of the ambient air, and the primary air is obtained by mixing ambient air with exhaust gas from the rotary kiln or from a heat exchanger connected to the rotary kiln and used for preheating raw meal. The primary air is further obtained by mixing with hot air, in particular waste air from a clinker cooler.
id-WO2017048323A1    abstract-Multi-hearth roasters or kilns in metal recycling processes to clean and prepare metal scrap for melt down or other recycling processes. Multi-hearth roasters include multiple heating zones that may be held at different temperatures, pressures, and atmospheric compositions to allow for different heating conditions of the scrap material as it passes through the multi-hearth roaster. The staged heating allows contaminants to be burned, vaporized or decomposed in a controlled manner that results in greater process efficiency and enhanced safety due to decreased risk of fire or explosion.
id-US20170087672A1    abstract-A liner fabrication tool includes a handle engaged to a first cam support and a second cam support where each of the cam supports has forward edge. An axle extends between the first cam support and the second cam support. A gripper is rotatably engaged to the axle between the first cam support and the second cam support. The gripper includes a first wall, a second wall, and a base extending between the first wall and the second wall, the base has an opening where the opening is positioned between and proximate to the forward edges. The opening receives a pin of a liner and insulation system where rotation of the handle in a forward direction applies leverage against the first cam support and the second cam support to bind the pin in the opening and compress the liner and insulation system immediately prior to welding.
id-US10928136B2    abstract-The present invention discloses a scrap steel preheating type electric arc furnace and a method for improving a heating cold region of a side wall charging electric arc furnace. This invention includes an electric arc furnace body and an inclined scrap steel preheating chamber. An included angle between the inclined scrap steel preheating chamber and a horizontal plane is 30° to 65°. Flue gas enters the inclined scrap steel preheating chamber, penetrates through the material blocking tooth rake and the scrap steel and is sucked out. The preheated scrap steel slides to a center of the electric arc furnace body along a slot bottom of the inclined scrap steel preheating chamber. The present invention overcomes a problem of lateral stacking of the side wall charging electric arc furnace, reducing impact force of the scrap steel to the device and greatly enhancing reliability of the device.
id-WO2017063348A1    abstract-The utility model relates to a small flue gas combustion aid energy-saving aluminum melting furnace, which comprises a furnace body (1), a flue gas discharge pipe (27) and a burner (2) are installed on the furnace body (1), a heat exchange device (3) is arranged on the flue gas discharge pipe (27), and an air inlet (7) and an air outlet (28) are arranged on the heat exchange device (3). The air outlet (28) is connected with the first inlet in the mixer (4) through the air conveying pipe, the second inlet in the mixer (4) is connected with one end of the flue gas inlet pipe (5), and the other end of the flue gas inlet pipe (5) is connected with the flue gas discharge pipe (27) or the furnace; The mixer (4) is connected with the burner (2), and the high-temperature and low-oxygen combustion-supporting gas makes full use of the waste heat of the flue gas, and can effectively reduce the nitrogen oxide content in the flue gas after combustion.
id-WO2017067829A1    abstract-It describes a facility that produces the valuable 2-oxygen gas: an aero-powered reactor of a primitive nature, a recycling station connected to the aero-powered reactor and combined with the back-end reactor, and some oxygen reactors connected to the recycling station. Some of the circulators have been running the rotary furnaces and these facilities have a chimney that keeps track of the circulators through this point where the leaking gas can be cleaned up and a supervalve is designed between the balloon retracer and the fireplace, which is responsible for the partial leakage of the valve to the heat exchange in the equipment.
id-US20180224208A1    abstract-A continuous aluminum melting furnace with a porous spray pipe heat exchanger, comprising a furnace body, combustion nozzles, a smoke pipeline and a heat exchanger. The heat exchanger comprises a smoke channel and heat exchange cylinders, wherein each of the heat exchange cylinders comprises a head end, a tail end, and a porous spray pipe in at least one of the cylinders. The porous spray pipe comprises a closed end and a pipe body, with several air spray holes provided on a peripheral wall of the pipe body so that cold air entering the at least one heat exchange cylinder is sprayed to an inner wall of the cylinder so as to exchange heat with high-temperature smoke which flows through an outer wall of the cylinder, thus keeping the temperature of the cylinder lower than the rated tolerant temperature of the material from which the cylinder is made.
id-WO2017078020A1    abstract-It is a method of producing reduced iron, and it is possible to increase the carbon content of iron oxide reasonably and efficiently. The method provided is as follows: in the reduction furnace (10), the iron oxide is in contact with the reduction gas to produce the reduction iron; in the process gas generated by adjusting the top gas of the reduction furnace (10) is supplied to the reformer (40) to produce the reform gas; The process of supplying the generated reforming gas as reduction gas to the reduction furnace (10) and the process of introducing part of the above-mentioned reforming gas into the cooling area (18) in the reduction furnace (10).
id-WO2017076414A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a preheater system for preparation of industrial use aggregate material. The invention concerns a system comprising a preheater and inter- faced with a dryer configured with a heater or a burner.
