id-US9005570B2    abstract-A method for treating a carbon dioxide-containing waste gas from an electrofusion process, in which a hydrocarbon-containing gas is fed to a waste gas and the carbon dioxide in the waste gas is converted at least partially into carbon monoxide and hydrogen in a reaction and the carbon monoxide-hydrogen mixture is stored for an additional combustion process.
id-WO2012101359A1    abstract-A method for heat treatment of wood comprising, in order, a step for the production (1) of hot gases and fumes by means of a biomass gas generator, and a step for the treatment (3) of the fumes comprising dewatering and dedusting of the fumes by means of specific means (10). A conveying step (40) of the gases to a furnace, a heating step (5) of the wood in the furnace by means of said gases, and a extraction step (6) of the vapour, said treatment step (3) of the fume is carried out by means of a device (10) comprising a cooling chamber (15) of the gases for dehydrating said gases, said cooling chamber (15) being extended by a first collecting chamber (17) of the condensates from the dehydration of the fume, The collection chamber (17) is located below the cooling chamber (15). The main characteristic of a process according to the invention is that the first collection chamber (17) is surmounted by at least one outlet tube (20,21), the diameter of which is sized to slow down the gases and to allow the sedimentation of the dust.
id-US20160348005A1    abstract-Pyrolysis methods and apparatuses that allow effective heat removal, for example when necessary to achieve a desired throughput or process a desired type of biomass, are disclosed. According to representative methods, the use of a quench medium (e.g., water), either as a primary or a secondary type of heat removal, allows greater control of process temperatures, particularly in the reheater where char, as a solid byproduct of pyrolysis, is combusted. Quench medium may be distributed to one or more locations within the reheater vessel, such as above and/or within a dense phase bed of fluidized particles of a solid heat carrier (e.g., sand) to better control heat removal.
id-US20170291851A1    abstract-An arrangement for burning lime mud into lime in a lime kiln. The lime mud flows counter-currently to flue gases from a feed end to a firing end and the fuel used is flue gas that is produced by gasifying a fuel in the presence of combustion air in a gasifier. The combustion air for gasification is preheated with heat generated in lime mud combustion. The arrangement is provided with a conduit between the lime kiln and the gasifier for leading air from the lime kiln into the gasifier as combustion air. At least a portion of the combustion air for gasification is preheated with heat generated in the lime mud combustion so that air is led into cooling of lime obtained in the combustion and further into the kiln, from or through the firing end of which air is taken into the gasification.
id-WO2012115014A1    abstract-We provide transportation equipment for chlorine bypass dust that can reduce pipe blockage during the transportation process of chlorine bypass dust. The first dust collection tank with the inlet and outlet of the cement kiln exhaust gas, the dust collector for collecting dust from the cement kiln exhaust gas, the first dust collection tank with the outlet of the collected dust, the dust entry from the first dust collection tank, the air The pressurized tank is equipped with an inlet and an outlet for air transport of dust. The pressurized tank is used to transport the dust through compressed air; the air supply source is used to supply the dry compressed air with the dew point of atmospheric pressure below -35 ° c to the pressurized tank; and a second pipe from the pressurized tank. Air transport equipment for dust collected from cement kiln exhaust gas equipped with an entrance of dust transported through air, a dust collector for collecting dust, and a second dust collection tank with an air outlet.
id-WO2012117359A3    abstract-The present invention relates to a device and a method for the abatement of fines, of the type PM 10  and of the type PM 2.5  for example, which device and method are based on the use of a fluidized bed and the slowing down of the flow velocity of a gas exhaust, exploiting the inertial characteristics of the fines in suspension.
id-WO2012108683A2    abstract-Disclosed is a vacuum heat treatment apparatus. The vacuum heat treatment apparatus includes a chamber, a reaction container in the chamber, a heating member interposed between the chamber and the reaction container to heat the reaction container, an exhaust pipe to discharge gas out of an inner part of the reaction container, and a filter in the exhaust pipe.
id-JP2014509727A    abstract-[issue] we provide a roof for ladle furnaces that can be used interoperable with dust collection elbows or hoods depending on the operating conditions. [solution] vertical cylindrical side; And the first loading port formed in the center and the second loading port formed adjacent to the first loading port, covering the upper part of the side; Selective installation of a small ceiling or dust collection hood at the first installation port, and selective installation of a dust collection elbow or water cooling panel at the second installation port.
id-US20140116875A1    abstract-A pyrometallurgical vessel for the production of metal by the electrolytic reduction of a metal bearing material dissolved in a molten salt bath, the cell including a shell  11  and a lining  12,13  on the interior of the shell, the lining including a bottom cathode lining  13  and a side wall lining  12,  at least one of the bottom cathode lining  13  and a side wall lining  12  including a plurality of fluid ducts  16, 22, 31, 41  positioned within the lining for conducting a fluid therethrough, the flow of fluid through the ducts within the linings having 3-dimensional directional flow provided by 3-dimensional shapes inserted into the ducts or the ducts comprising a number of straight sections joined by curved sections arranged in a 3-dimensional shape, the 3-dimensional shapes of the ducts or the 3-dimensional shapes inserted into the ducts. The 3-D shapes in the ducts or the 3-D shape of the ducts are in such a way that secondary flows in the fluid are formed, broken and reformed imparting greater advection in the flow.
id-WO2012143783A3    abstract-Waste heat steam generator (1 ) for the cooling of hot waste gases (5) from metallurgical processes, whereat the waste heat steam generator ( 1 ) contains at least one radiation chamber ( 2 ) and in the front part ( 3 ) of the radiation chamber ( 2 ) nozzles ( 4 ) with feed lines ( 7 ) to the nozzles ( 4 ) for feeding an oxygen-containing gas ( 6 ) to the radiation chamber ( 2 ) and whereat mixing of the oxygen-containing gas ( 6 ) with the waste gas ( 5 ) occurs by means of the injected oxygen-containing gas ( 6 ) and after-reactions are initiated at constituents of the waste gas ( 5 ), and whereat the feed lines ( 7 ) of the nozzles ( 4 ) are provided with means ( 8 ), which effect a pulsating feeding of the oxygen-containing gas ( 6 ), as well as a method for operating such a waste heat steam generator (figure 1 )·
id-EP2508827A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a method and a device for melting melting stock, such as glass, in which a melting furnace (10) is heated via a burner flame (25; 29) generated by means of a burner port, to which fuel and oxidizer are supplied, a fuel-rich gas stream being introduced into the furnace (10) downstream from the burner port via at least one substoichiometrically operated burner (20; 22) and/or a fuel or fuel mixture being introduced into the furnace (10) downstream from the burner arrangement via at least one fuel nozzle, and a oxygen containing gas stream being introduced into the furnace (10) downstream from the at least one substoichiometrically operated burner (20; 22) and/or the at least one fuel nozzle.
id-US9873635B2    abstract-In a device for baking of clinker, heat generated in a furnace can be used in a particularly efficient and versatile manner if the heat generated in the furnace is transferred, by means of at least one first heat exchanger, to a heat carrier fluid, the heated heat carrier fluid is transported to at least one second heat exchanger, and the heat is then discharged to a heat sink, for example, in order to heat a flow of flue gas to a temperature required for denitrification thereof.
id-US20140174324A1    abstract-To produce cement clinker by baking of raw meal in a kiln, use is conventionally made of a raw meal preheater in which the heat of the flue gas emerging from the kiln is transferred to the raw meal. In order to remove impurities which accumulate in circulation between the kiln and the raw meal preheater, a part of the flue gas is extracted from the kiln, bypassing the raw meal preheater. The heat generated during the baking of cement clinker can be used particularly efficiently if the flue gases extracted and diverted past the raw meal pre-heater are used in a boiler to generate hot steam which can subsequently be expanded in a turbine.
id-US20120282564A1    abstract-A method for reducing NO x  in a selective catalytic reduction (SCR) fossil-fuel fired boiler includes the steps of providing a first set of optical measurement devices adapted to measure NO x  and NH 3  concentrations contained in an exhaust stream from a fossil-fuel fired boiler, performing measurements of NO x  and NH 3  at an SCR inlet using the first set of optical measurement devices, and determining an NH 3 /NO x  molar ratio using the measurements taken by the first set of optical measurement devices. The method further includes the steps of using the determined NH 3 /NO x  molar ratio in comparison against a user specified NH 3 /NO x  molar ratio set-point, and controlling an NH 3  control valve to match ammonia flow to changes in boiler NO x  emissions such that the molar ratio set-point is maintained.
id-WO2013000175A1    abstract-The invention relates to a high temperature waste heat power generation method and device of iron and steel smelting waste slag. The power generation method uses the heat energy of the iron and steel smelting waste slag to send the waste slag into a steam boiler (2) as a heat producing substance, heats the water supply/steam to generate steam with appropriate pressure, and then sends the steam generated by the steam boiler (2) into a turbine (4) for power generation. The power generation device comprises a steam boiler (2) and a steam turbine (4), the steam boiler (2) is provided with a smelting furnace waste slag transfer device (3), the steam boiler (2) exhaust pipe (10) is connected with the steam turbine (4), the steam turbine (4) is connected with the generator (5), the steam boiler (2) and the steam turbine (4) is provided with a steam pressure regulating device (6), The steam pressure regulating device (6) comprises a tank body (8), which is provided with a transverse baffle device that can float up and down. The power generation device can effectively recover the heat energy in the high-temperature waste slag and avoid energy waste.
id-US20120315590A1    abstract-A method of operating a mineral processing kiln includes introducing a quantity of a selective non-catalytic reduction (SNCR) reducing agent into the kiln. The SNCR reducing agent may be a solid, liquid, or a gas. A mineral processing kiln modified for the implementation of SNCR is also disclosed.
id-WO2012174749A1    abstract-A regenerative soaking furnace (200) for burning low calorific value gas comprises a furnace body (101) and a furnace cover (102). The soaking furnace (200) is provided with a low temperature heating system (23) for heating by high calorific value gas and a regenerative high temperature heating system (21) for heating by low calorific value gas. The low temperature heating system (23) shares the air supply pipe (225) and smoke exhaust pipe (227) with the regenerative high temperature heating system (21). Due to the high ignition temperature of blast furnace gas, and the ingot or wide and thick plate need heating and insulation in different temperature segments, in order to meet the needs of low temperature heating, a dual heating system including regenerative high temperature heating system and low temperature heating system is set up. The dual heating system shares air supply pipe and smoke exhaust pipe, and the work of soaking furnace can realize non-stop switching.
id-WO2013001156A1    abstract-An off-gas channel (1) of a closed-type smelting furnace (2), the off-gas channel (1) comprising a first end (3) opening to the upper part of the smelting furnace (2) and a second end (4) opening to a gas cleaning apparatus (5) for leading the furnace off-gases to the gas cleaning apparatus. The off-gas channel com prises at least one cleaning nozzle (6, 7, 8, 9) adapted to spray pressurized fluid to the inner surface of the off-gas channel.
id-WO2013030057A1    abstract-Invention of a program, as well as an attachment from the sky (4) processing facilities (32,33) for Roheisenherstellung Synthesegas and (or) by Teilstrom Abgases or Synthesegases according to ph (51) at least part of the company converts water and/or vapor (10) into carbon dioxide remedies and Abgas(4) or Synthesegas then 2-Abscheidung remedies. To regulate the H / 2 /CO ratio at variable pressure in hydrogenation or syngas, disintegrating with conventional CO2 emissions (52) does not allow CO2 to be converted from CO to CO to c2, but is separated separately from the first part of the CO 2 stream (51).
id-WO2013024339A1    abstract-The present invention relates to an apparatus for decarbonization of calcium carbonate into carbon dioxide rich exhaust gas comprising: • a reactor (30) for releasing the C02 by decarbonization of CaC03; • a duct (33) for forwarding the CO2 rich exhaust gas generated in the reactor for further processing; a system for recirculation of at least a portion of the CO2 rich exhaust gas generated in the reactor back into the reactor; • a firing system (10) for indirect heating of the reactor; and means for indirect heating (11). Also a system for capturing CO2 from an exhaust gas comprising a first reactor (120) wherein the carbon dioxide present in the flue gas is captured from the flue gases by carbonization; a second reactor (130) to which the solid material contained in the flue gases output from the first reactor are transferred, wherein the said solid material are subject for heat treatment in order to extract carbon dioxide therefrom by decarbonization; means (111) for indirect heating of the second reactor (130); means (150) for transferring the exhaust gas generated by the means for indirect heating of the second reactor, to the first reactor; means (133) for transporting the captured carbon dioxide for further processing.
id-WO2013029197A1    abstract-An inlet and outlet air heat exchange system of a radiant heating furnace body comprises a closed heat exchange box (5), the heat exchange box is provided with a hot air inlet (51) and a hot air outlet (52), the hot air inlet (51) is communicated with the furnace chamber of the radiant heating furnace body, and the hot air outlet (52) is connected with the inlet air of a centrifugal fan (4); The heat exchange box (5) is also provided with a plurality of heat exchange pipes (6), one end of the heat exchange pipe (6) is connected with the cold air source, and the other end is connected to the furnace of the radiant heating furnace body. Because the air is heated by the residual heat discharged from the furnace chamber, and then enters the furnace chamber, the energy consumption required for heating can be reduced. At the same time, the centrifugal fan can draw out the high temperature gas in the furnace, which can make the pressure balance inside and outside the furnace body, and is conducive to production safety.
id-US20170239633A1    abstract-A hydrogen, lithium, and lithium hydride processing apparatus includes a hot zone to heat solid-phase lithium hydride to form liquid-phase lithium hydride; a vacuum source to extract hydrogen and gaseous-phase lithium metal from the liquid-phase lithium hydride; a cold zone to condense the gaseous-phase lithium metal as purified solid-phase lithium metal; and a heater to melt the purified solid-phase lithium metal in the cold zone and form refined liquid-phase lithium metal in the hot zone.
id-WO2013031370A1    abstract-The thermal storage exhaust gas purification and treatment equipment (1) of the present invention comprises a combustion chamber 10, a plurality of heat storage Chambers 11,12 connected at each end of the combustion chamber, and a supply switching valve 14,15 for supplying the treated gas to the multiple heat storage Chambers. The first housing 41 and the second housing 42 can be coupled and separated from each other. The first shell forms part of the heat storage room, and the combustion chamber and heat storage body are arranged in the first shell. The combustion chamber, heat storage body and the first shell form the upper unit (70), and the second shell forms the other part of the heat storage room, and the open and close valves for supply The upper unit and the lower unit can be configured to be connected and separated in the upper direction. The upper unit and the lower unit can be configured to be connected and separated in the upper direction.
id-US20130196277A1    abstract-A flow of air is provided from a hot air main into a combustion chamber at a time when a burner is firing into the combustion chamber to heat a bed of regenerative media. The flow of air into the combustion chamber helps to keep products of combustion from flowing into the hot air main. In preferred embodiments, sensors sense pressure in the combustion chamber and the hot air main. A controller shifts a valve back and forth within a range of open conditions to regulate the flow of air in response to the sensed pressures.
id-US9869516B2    abstract-A continuous heating furnace ( 200 ) includes a conveyance body ( 210 ) stretched in an endless shape and configured to convey a burning target, a furnace main body ( 212 ) partially or entirely surrounding the conveyance body to form a burning space, and a roller ( 214 ) configured to support a portion of the conveyance body in the furnace main body. The continuous heating furnace ( 200 ) further includes one or more closed gas heaters having an introduction hole configured to introduce a fuel gas into a heater main body, a combustion chamber in which the fuel gas is combusted, a discharge section to which an exhaust gas is guided, a radiation surface heated by the exhaust gas flowing through the discharge section or combustion in the combustion chamber and configured to transfer radiant heat to a burning target, and an exhaust hole configured to exhaust the exhaust gas that heats the radiation surface to the outside of the heater main body, and disposed in the furnace main body, and an exhaust pipe ( 216 ) in communication with the exhaust hole of the closed gas heater and through which the exhaust gas is guided. In addition, the exhaust pipe enables heat exchange between the exhaust gas flowing through the exhaust pipe and the roller.
id-US9534264B2    abstract-A system for energy optimization in a plant ( 3 ) for producing direct-reduced metal ores ( 3 ). The plant ( 3 ) has at least one reduction unit ( 12 ), a device for separating gas mixtures ( 7, 7   a,    7   b ) having an associated compressing device ( 4, 4   a,    4   b ), and a gas-heating device ( 10 ) upstream of the reduction unit ( 12 ). Part of the process gases ( 2, 2   a,    2   b ) is fed by a feed line from a smelting reduction plant to the plant for producing direct-reduced metal ores ( 3 ). A turbine ( 8, 8   a,    8   b ) is fit between the device for separating gas mixtures ( 7, 7   a,    7   b ) and the gas-heating device ( 10 ) upstream of the reduction unit ( 12 ) such that a pressure drop between the device for separating gas mixtures ( 7, 7   a,    7   b ) and the reduction unit ( 12 ) is converted into forms of energy that can be used to operate additional components ( 4, 4   a,    4   b,    15, 15   a,    15   b ) of the plant ( 3 ), in particular electrical energy and/or mechanical energy. Energy consumption of the plant ( 3 ) is reduced.
id-US20140230606A1    abstract-Ironmaking method and installation with recirculation of exhaust gas as a reduction gas and whereby part of the exhaust gas is purged upstream and/or downstream of a CO/CO 2  separation unit, said purged exhaust gas being subjected to a water gas shift reaction for H 2  generation.
id-US9964360B2    abstract-The present invention relates to a method of manufacturing a slag discharge door, which is provided separately from a molten-steel discharge opening in an electric furnace and opens and closes a slag discharge opening for discharging slag. The method of manufacturing the slag discharge door, which moves up and down on the slag discharge opening to open and close the slag discharge opening, includes the steps of: forming a door body by forging, forming a coolant passage, a coolant inlet, and a coolant outlet in the door body by drilling, and then finishing a passage that blocks a portion that is open toward an outer surface of the door body.
id-WO2013045534A1    abstract-The present invention provides a method for decreasing the temperature of blast-furnace gas temperature peaks which is characterized in that the pressure of the blast-furnace gas is being measured continuously, and injection of water into the blast-furnace gas is triggered off when a threshold value for the pressure is exceeded. The injection of water is carried out in at least one member of the group consisting of the three members blast furnace's furnace throat, off-takes through which blast furnace gas is diverted from the blast furnace to a -first dedusting device, pipes through which the blast furnace gas is diverted from the first dedusting device to a second dedusting device or from the second dedusting device to a further dedusting device. It also provides a devices-system for performing the method comprising means for triggering off (7) the means for injection of water (4) based on a signal of the means for measuring the pressure (6).
id-US9188391B2    abstract-A vertical/horizontal convertible suspending reduction furnace, comprises: a metal furnace body ( 5 ) of the reduction furnace, a reduction tank ( 13 ), a burner ( 2 ) and a suspension device. The metal furnace body ( 5 ) of the reduction furnace, which is connected with a sealing head ( 3 ) at one end, and connected with a fixed flange ( 20 ) of the reduction tank at the other end, is distributed with reduction tanks ( 13 ) inside uniformly. Burners ( 2 ) are provided symmetrically at the circumference of the metal furnace body ( 5 ), and a universal hoisting ring ( 4 ) is provided at its central point or off-central point. A steel rope ( 12 ), both ends of which are obliquely pulled on the suspension device, is hanged on the universal hoisting ring ( 4 ).
id-EP2587204A1    abstract-A first aspect of the invention concerns a blast furnace top gas treatment process. The process comprises removing CO 2  from top gas (16) collected at the top of a blast furnace (16). The removal of CO 2  from the top gas is carried out using CO 2 -absorbing washing liquid (42, 46), the washing liquid being heated to release the absorbed CO 2 . Another part (26) of the CO 2 -depleted top gas is burnt in a regenerative heater in order to heat up the regenerative heater and excess heat thereby produced is used at least in part to heat the washing liquid. A second aspect of the invention concerns a blast furnace top gas treatment installation configured for carrying out the process.
id-EP2587149A1    abstract-The invention consists of a process for the reduction of the NOx content in the exit gases from a rotary combustion furnace, which has a tubular body (2) at one of the ends whereof (3) a heat source (4) is located and at the opposite end whereof (5) the exit gases (6) are evacuated. The process comprises the launching of a bullet (7) comprising ammonia from one end (3, 5) of the tubular body (2) to a target area (8) located between both ends (3, 5) of the tubular body (2), wherein the operating combustion temperature of the furnace is between 800ºC and 1100ºC, such that the bullet (7) breaks down into at least ammonia, which reacts with the combustion gases, thereby reducing the NOx content in the exit gases (6) from the rotary furnace (1).
id-US9557113B2    abstract-Included are: a direct reduction furnace for reducing iron ore directly into reduced iron using a high-temperature reducing gas including hydrogen and carbon monoxide, an acid gas removal unit having an acid gas component absorber for removing, with an absorbent such as an amine-based solvent, acid gas components (CO 2 , H 2 S) in a reduction furnace flue gas discharged from the direct reduction furnace, and a regenerator for releasing the acid gas, and a degradation product removal unit for separating and removing a degradation product in the absorbent used by circulating through the absorber and the regenerator.
id-WO2013073663A1    abstract-The gas reformer 51, which modifies natural gas by supplying water vapor, the gas heater 56, which is used as a heating unit to heat the modified gas 52 modified by the gas reformer 51 to a predetermined temperature supplied to the reduction furnace, and the hydrogen (H 2), which is used in the reformer 51, are used in the reformer 51. Direct reduction furnace 13, which directly reduces iron ore 12a to iron reducing furnace 12b, and acidic gas components in furnace exhaust gas 14 discharged from the direct reduction furnace 13 are absorbed by acid gas absorbent solution 15 using high-temperature reduction gas 11 containing carbon monoxide (CO). Acid gas removal device 16, which is composed of acid gas component absorber 16a for removing and acid gas regeneration tower 16b for releasing acid gas; The recovery gas introduction line L 8, which supplies the recovery gas 14b containing S) to the reformer of the gas reformer 51 and the reformer of the gas heater 56, respectively.
id-WO2013068003A1    abstract-The invention of the task was a program and improved efficiency, facilities Regeneratoren Glasschmelz and Leuterprozessen simultaneously created with Regenerativheizungen Querflammenwannen vorbeschriebenen adversely affects the asymmetric Betriebsweise essentially eliminating privileges. Therefore, in addition to raising the Produktionsqualitat, the demand for energy can also be greatly reduced, never making the entire facility malfunction Erfindungsgemaß will be in the program according to Befeuerungsrichtung Abgasabfuhr is also at least one port (12a, 12b) or chamber (12a, 12b) passing through at least one Regeneratorfuß(eco) or all antriebgeregelten Schiebers(2) attitude, while solving at least one antriebgeregelten Schiebers with Regelungseinrichtung(2)(3) should. The execution device specified in this procedure is at least one port (12a, 12b) or one chamber (12a, 12b), at least one regenerative foot (1), and at most one power drive slide (2) connected to the regulating device (3). The application is to make flat glass.
