id-JP2013147401A    abstract-[problem] we provide a chlorine bypass device that can mix the extracted exhaust gas with cooling air at high efficiency and quench it, so that fine chloride dust is generated and the recovery efficiency is improved. The circling part 22 and the circling part 22 include a cylindrical inner tube 24 and an outer tube 25, in which the cooling tube 21 for introducing cooling air into a extractor 20 that extracts part of the exhaust gas from the exhaust gas tube, and the inner tube 24 and the outer tube 25 circle around the outer wall of the exhaust gas tube through the gap. A guide part 23 is formed by a tube 28 connected to the outer tube at one end and connected to the outer wall of the cylinder 20 at the other end of the smaller diameter than the outer tube at the other end. A cooling air duct 27 from the blower is formed in the rotating part 22. The cooling air is connected in the circumferential direction of the turning part 22, and an inlet 29 is formed around the outer wall of the extractor 20 to allow the cooling air of the importing part 23 to flow into the bleed air tube. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US10011527B2    abstract-It is described an integrated process for the production of clinker by dry process, with treatment in continuous of by-pass dusts produced by the kiln, wherein the solid matter to treat consists of bypass dusts of a clinker production process, containing compounds of chloride, sodium, potassium and sulphur, such a process comprising the following steps: a) extraction of the bypass dusts directly from the phase of quench, without intermediate storage, at a temperature comprised between 150 and 200° C., with a moisture content varying from 0.1 to 3% by weight, preferably from 0.1 to 0.5% by weight, and with a quantity of calcium carbonate lower than 55% by weight; b) mixing of said dusts coming from step a), within a maximum time comprised between 2 and 10 minutes, preferably lower than about 5 minutes, with water up to a water/dusts ratio varying from 2:1 to 4:1, preferably from 2.5:1 to 3.5:1, in a way to obtain a mixture with a moisture content comprised between 45 and 75% by weight, preferably between 50% and 55% by weight, even more preferably equal to about 50% by weight; c) mechanical stirring of the mixture diluted up to complete dissolution of the soluble salts; d) mechanical separation of the mixture so diluted in a liquid fraction containing water and soluble salts and in a solid fraction in form of cake or crust.
id-US20170335416A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a method and apparatus for producing reduced iron from ironmaking dust which contains iron oxide which is generated at an ironmaking plant, takes note of the rotary kiln reduction method which does not require pretreatment of the dust, and has as its problem the pursuit of facilities which achieve further improvement of heat efficiency and stable operation.      To solve this problem, the present invention is characterized by heating and reducing carbon-containing shaped materials in a single closed space in which an internal heat type rotary kiln and an external heat type rotary kiln are arranged in series and including at least the insides of the two rotary kilns during which making the reduced exhaust gas which is generated at the external heat type rotary kiln burn inside of the internal heat type rotary kiln.
id-WO2013120714A1    abstract-A cooling system is described for the continuous cooling of sheet metal strip. The cooling system is installed downstream of a continuous oven which is drying a coating applied to the sheet metal. The cooling system is provided with means for blowing cooling air onto the sheet metal strip. The cooling system comprises -for at least part of the means for blowing cooling air onto the sheet metal strip - means for increasing the temperature of the cooling air prior to blowing the cooling air onto the sheet metal. A method is disclosed for using such cooling systems, e.g. for cooling coatings comprising magnesium oxide that are applied on grain-oriented electrical steel.
id-US9109837B2    abstract-A system for substance separation and energy recovery by thermal treatment is disclosed. The system includes a thermal treatment reactor, a circulation piping, a heat exchanger, a discharge pipeline, a latent heat recovering device, a gasifier, and a combustion furnace. The substance is fed into the thermal treatment reactor for heating the treated substance so as to produces a gaseous substance by evaporation or pyrolysis. The treated substance is separated into the gaseous substance circulating between the heat exchanger and the thermal treatment reactor and a residual substance being fed into the thermal treatment reactor. The increased gaseous substance, during the circulation process, is fed into a latent heat recovery device, wherein the gaseous substance exchanges heat with a cold fluid and condenses to release latent heat, forming a liquid condensed substance and a non-condensed substance.
id-US20150020400A1    abstract-To provide a cement production apparatus in which heat-exchanging efficiency can be improved by even pre-heating by supplying material equally to cyclones above a duct and which can perform an operation with low pressure loss and small energy consumption.      A cement production apparatus includes: a duct  21  provided between upper cyclones  13 A and a lower cyclone  13 B being provided below the upper cyclones  13 A, the duct  21  in which the exhaust gas drained from the lower cyclone  13 B flows upward, distributing and introducing the exhaust gas to the upper cyclones  13 A; a plurality of material-supplying pipes  22  for supplying cement raw material provided on the duct  21  below a distribution part  23  to the plurality of the upper cyclones  13 A with a same number of distribution outlets  21   a  among the upper cyclones  13 A; and connection ports  22   a  of the material-supplying pipes  22  to the duct  21  each provided at each of positions corresponding to swirl flows of the exhaust gas poured into the distribution outlets  21   a.
id-US9662731B2    abstract-A reflow oven includes a chamber housing including surfaces that are in contact with heated air mixed with contaminants, including flux, and a water-soluble layer selectively applied to the surfaces of the chamber housing. Embodiments of the reflow oven include an acrylic-based layer, such as an acrylic paint. In one embodiment, the acrylic paint includes a water-soluble polymer, a polymer emulsion, and water. The water-soluble polymer includes butyl benzyl phthalate. In some embodiments, the acrylic paint includes 1-10% by weight butyl benzyl phthalate, 30-55% by weight acrylic polymer emulsion, and balance water. In a certain embodiment, the acrylic paint includes 1-5% by weight butyl benzyl phthalate, 35-50% by weight acrylic poly emulsion, and balance water. Methods of treating surfaces of the reflow oven are further disclosed.
id-US9506377B2    abstract-A method and a configuration recover thermal energy in a thermal treatment of cold-rolled steel strip in an annealing furnace. The steel strip is heated up in a protective gas atmosphere to a temperature above the recrystallization temperature, and is subjected in a first, slow cooling phase and a second, fast cooling phase to a protective gas. The temperature of the protective gas is reduced during the first phase down to an intermediate temperature and in the second phase from the intermediate temperature to a final temperature. A first heat exchanger transfers the thermal energy of the protective gas by an oil circuit and a second heat exchanger to a working medium, and which evaporates and is fed to a steam motor, which converts the thermal energy contained in the working medium into energy.
id-US9194628B2    abstract-Contemplated devices and methods reduce heat loss and energy demand in a ring furnace by heating an additional oxygen containing stream in a supplemental oxygen conduit that is thermally coupled to a flue duct of a cooling zone. The so heated additional oxygen containing stream is then fed to the firing and/or pre-heat zones to increases combustion of volatiles and to reduce fuel demand by recycling waste heat to the firing and/or pre-heat zones.
id-US20130328252A1    abstract-An evacuation system for an electric arc furnace that includes a combustion chamber downstream of the electric arc furnace, for receiving exhaust comprising gas and particulate from the electric arc furnace. The evacuation system also includes a dropout section downstream of the combustion chamber, for receiving the exhaust from the combustion chamber, for collecting the particulate, and for allowing the gas to pass through the dropout section to an exhaust duct.
id-US9630879B2    abstract-The invention relates to a method and a system for producing cement clinker from raw cement mixture, wherein one part of the raw cement mixture is preheated in a calciner preheater, and the other part of the raw cement mixture is preheated in an oven preheater, the preheated raw cement mixture is pre-calcined in a calciner which is operated according to the oxyfuel method, the pre-calcined raw cement mixture is fired in an oven, the fired raw cement mixture is cooled in a cooler, the calciner preheater is operated using exhaust gases of the calciner, the oven preheater is operated using exhaust gases of the oven, an entrained flow reactor is used as the calciner, a part of the calciner exhaust gas being recirculated to the calciner after being used in the calciner preheater, and the oven exhaust gas undergoes a post-combustion CO 2  separation.
id-EP2682700A1    abstract-A pre-heating device (4) of a melting plant (1) for feeding heated scrap or raw materials to a melting furnace (2) envisages a pre-heating chamber (30) closed at the top and permits the lateral feeding of the melting furnace. The device (4) further comprises a loading group (40) and a thrust group (70).
id-US20140084524A1    abstract-A partially-reduced iron producing apparatus includes: an exhaust gas circulating device supplying an oxygen-containing gas to raw-material pellets to be heated by ignition of raw-material pellets, the oxygen-containing gas made by circulating part of an exhaust gas by use of the heat of the ignition raw-material pellets and mixing the discharged exhaust gas with air; and a liquid-tar separating device which is provided in the exhaust gas circulating device. A partially-reduced iron is produced by heating and reducing the whole of the raw-material pellets in a bed height direction thereof through a combustion region for the raw-material pellets and a heating region for the raw-material pellets, the combustion region formed on an upstream side of an endless grate by supplying the gas having a high oxygen concentration; and the heating region formed downstream of the combustion region of the endless grate by supplying the gas having a low oxygen concentration.
id-EP2711656A1    abstract-The present study includes a (1) pipe (8) containing a channel (2), and (4) macaroni to automatically warm up the hot coolant exhaust gas (7), which is characterized by discharging the incinerator into built-in air (2). betriffte Sinteranlage:(1) Full and Aufgabevorrichtung Sinterband(2)(3) counted as Verbrennungsluft Sinterkuhler Sinterband Day (4) presents the hot Sinterkuhler-Abluft (7), (8) and an Abhitzekessel through Kuhlluft (5)(6) as a coolant of (2)abgeworfenem Sinter Warmeruckgewinnung takes hot Sinterkuhler-Abluft Sinteranlage(7).(1) are marked and fitted with heated incinerator ventilation tubes for heating air (3) aerated tubes.
id-US20140080081A1    abstract-Systems and methods are presented for efficient heating during production of corundum. One embodiment takes the form of a system for processing corundum including a first furnace and a second furnace. The first and second furnaces are sequentially arranged and heat from the first furnace is subsequently used to heat the second furnace.
id-WO2014032305A1    abstract-The system comprises a base (6) and a roller (5) arranged on the base (6) with an inlet and outlet port, the roller (5) comprises an inner cylinder (22) and an outer cylinder (23) with a gap between the outer circumference of the inner cylinder and the outer wall of the inner cylinder (24). The feed port end of the inner cylinder (22) is connected with the intake port (16) of the one and two combustion chambers (2) arranged outside the cylinder, and the air outlet (17) of the second combustion chamber (2) is connected with the gap (24) between the inner and outer cylinders. The system uses the high temperature flue gas discharged from the secondary combustion chamber to heat the outer wall of the inner cylinder directly through the gap formed by the inner and outer cylinder of the cylinder, and carries out heat exchange with the working medium in the inner cylinder, so as to achieve the purpose of waste heat utilization.
id-US20190310019A1    abstract-A carbon baking furnace has at least one vertical baking shaft with a system and method for positioning green carbon bodies to be baked at the top of the vertical baking path and ringing the green carbon bodies with a sacrificial medium such as packing coke. The disclosure provides a system and method for controlling the delivery and removal of the sacrificial medium used to surround the carbon bodies within the baking paths. A volatile extraction system and method are provided. A system and method for unloading baked carbon bodies is disclosed.
id-EP2719777A1    abstract-Process for producing metal from ore in a blast furnace and production plant for same, whereby oxygen is heated upstream of the blast furnace to obtain hot oxygen and whereby hot oxygen and coke oven gas are injected into the blast furnace.
id-EP2719948A1    abstract-The invention relates to a Banner opening a Befeuerung with at least one Sekundarbrennstoffstrom, at least one Sekundarbrennstoffleitung (3) and the first end ",(3) and another end (2, 3). And at the end of the second (2 '3') Sekundarbrennstoffstrom Sekundarbrennstoffleitung (2, 3), and at the end of the second (" 3 ") Sekundarbrennstoffstrom Brennkammer exits, so first, Sekundarbrennstoffleitung in pain or (3) at least one line (2a, 3) Intermodal Brenngas especially air oxygen or air sauerstoffangereichter training comes down to what aspects (" 3 ") Sekundarbrennstoffleitung (2, 3) will send an open capability about which Brenngas Brennkammer einbringbar . is
id-EP2719779A1    abstract-Process for producing metal from ore in a blast furnace and blast-furnace plant for use in said process, whereby oxygen is heated in an oxygen preheating installation upstream of the blast furnace and hot oxygen thus obtained is introduced into the blast furnace and whereby CO is extracted from the blast furnace gas to generate CO-fraction of the blast furnace gas and the CO-fraction thus obtained is likewise introduced into the blast furnace.
id-EP2719778A1    abstract-Process for producing metal from ore in a blast furnace and blast-furnace plant for use in said process, whereby oxygen is heated in an oxygen preheating installation upstream of the blast furnace and hot oxygen thus obtained is introduced into the blast furnace and whereby CO 2  is extracted from the blast furnace gas to generate CO 2 -lean blast furnace gas and CO 2 -lean blast furnace gas thus obtained is likewise introduced into the blast furnace.
id-US9360253B2    abstract-A rotary aluminum kiln temperature regulation system comprising a temperature sensing device in the kiln that is configured to take temperature readings in an area of the kiln in proximity to the temperature sensing device. The system including a wireless transmitter operatively associated with the temperature sensing device and a receiver wirelessly associated with the transmitter, such that the transmitter and receiver wirelessly transmit the temperature readings taken by the temperature sensing device from the transmitter to the receiver. The system also including a control unit operatively connected to the receiver that is configured to receive the transmitted temperature readings and determine when the transmitted temperature readings exceed a predefined temperature set point. The control unit operatives one or more forward feed control loop subsystems that assist in safely operating the kiln in accord with a predetermined temperature profile programmed into the control unit.
id-US20150300740A1    abstract-The invention relates to a method for smelting non-ferrous metal sulfides ( 13 ) in a suspension smelting furnace and to a suspension smelting furnace. The suspension smelting furnace comprises at least one injection means ( 18 ) for injecting at least one of fluid ( 19 ) and pulverous matter ( 20 ) into a settler ( 2 ) of the suspension smelting furnace from at least one of a first side wall structure ( 8 ) and a second side wall structure ( 9 ) of the settler ( 2 ) so that fluid ( 19 ) and/or pulverous matter ( 20 ) is injected into the settler ( 2 ) above a top surface ( 16 ) of a layer of melt ( 15 ) in the settler ( 2 ).
id-US20140151943A1    abstract-The present invention provides a valuable metal recovery apparatus capable of discharging clean exhaust gas. The apparatus  1  includes a furnace body  2 ; a heating container  3 ; a first combustion burner  10  for supplying heated gas into the furnace body  2 ; a tower  4  projecting upward from the furnace body  2 ; a gas combustion chamber  5  communicating with the tower  4  and being used for receiving unburned gas generated upon heating of a material to be treated; a second combustion burner  11  for supplying heated gas into the gas combustion chamber  5 ; a gas introducing passage  7  for introducing combustion gas generated in the gas combustion chamber  5  into the furnace body  2 ; a flue  21  for discharging the combustion gas in the furnace body  2  to the outside; and a support  8  supporting the furnace body  2  such that the furnace body  2  can be tilted.
