id-WO2022154674A1    abstract-A combined boiler for the supply of hot water and steam is described. The boiler is an electrode boiler with separate outputs for hot water and steam. The electrode boiler comprises a container (1), with a vessel (2) mounted inside the container (1), several electrodes (4) projecting into the vessel (2), the electrodes (4) being connected to a source for high voltage current, as well as a pump (6) arranged to pump water from the bottom of the container (1) via an outlet pipeline (7) and up into the tank (2) via an inlet pipeline (8). The changeover between steam and hot water mode takes place with a control system (9). In addition, the boiler is equipped with a source (14) for the supply of nitrogen. This is used in hot water mode, while the nitrogen source is disconnected when the boiler is run in steam mode.
id-WO2022141611A1    abstract-The invention provides a dual-fuel combined cycle steam power device, belonging to the technical field of thermodynamics and thermodynamics. The external low-grade fuel channel is communicated with the boiler, the external air channel is communicated with the boiler through the heat source regenerator, and the boiler has the gas channel is communicated with the outside through the heat source regenerator; The external high-grade fuel channel is connected with the second boiler, the external air channel is connected with the second heat source regenerator and the boiler is connected with the second boiler, and the second boiler is connected with the gas channel through the second heat source regenerator; The condenser is connected with the steam turbine through the booster pump, evaporator, boiler and second boiler; the compressor has a steam channel through the boiler and second boiler and steam turbine; the steam turbine and low pressure steam channel are directly connected with the compressor and the second steam turbine and condenser through the evaporator; The condenser also has a cooling medium channel to communicate with the outside, and the turbine connects the compressor and transmits power to form a dual-fuel combined cycle steam power plant.
id-EP4053392A1    abstract-A device for treating natural gas fuel from an industrial boiler or engine, the device having a fuel inlet pipe (20), an outlet pipe (22), a oxygen supply for injecting oxygen into the fuel so as to form a fuel-oxidizing mixture, a central body (4) located between the inlet pipe and the outlet pipe, having a pipe (3), Advantagously cylindrical with a metal wall, extending longitudinally and having a linear symmetry axis x'x, carrying the combustible/oxidizing mixture to the outlet manifold, characterized in that it further comprises fluid flow disruptors (2), arranged in the pipe (3), disrupting the flow of the combustible/oxidizing mixture to form, on at least one portion of the pipe (3), A sinusoidal path of the combustible/oxidizing mixture and at least two permanent magnets (1) attached to the pipe (3), the two magnets being arranged in series following the flow of the combustible/oxidizing mixture.
id-US11578706B2    abstract-Systems and methods for generating and a controller for controlling generation of geothermal power in an organic Rankine cycle (ORC) operation in the vicinity of a wellhead during hydrocarbon production to thereby supply electrical power to one or more of in-field operational equipment, a grid power structure, and an energy storage device. In an embodiment, during hydrocarbon production, a temperature of a flow of wellhead fluid from the wellhead or working fluid may be determined. If the temperature is above a vaporous phase change threshold of the working fluid, heat exchanger valves may be opened to divert flow of wellhead fluid to heat exchangers to facilitate heat transfer from the flow of wellhead fluid to working fluid through the heat exchangers, thereby to cause the working fluid to change from a liquid to vapor, the vapor to cause a generator to generate electrical power via rotation of an expander.
id-US11624355B2    abstract-Systems and methods for generating electrical power in an organic Rankine cycle (ORC) operation include one or more heat exchangers incorporated into mobile heat generation units, and which will receive a heated fluid flow from one or more heat sources, and transfer heat therefrom to a working fluid that is circulated through an ORC unit for generation of power. In embodiments, the mobile heat generation units comprise pre-packaged modules with one or more heat exchangers connected to a pump of a recirculation system, including an array of piping, such that each mobile heat generation unit can be transported to the site and installed as a substantially stand-alone module or heat generation assembly.
id-US20230167810A1    abstract-Embodiments of systems and methods for generating power in the vicinity of a drilling rig are disclosed. During a drilling operation, heat generated by drilling fluid flowing from a borehole, exhaust from an engine, and/or fluid from an engine's water (or other fluid) jacket, for example, may be utilized by corresponding heat exchangers to facilitate heat transfer to a working fluid. The heated working fluid may cause an ORC unit to generate electrical power.
id-EP4080019A1    abstract-A gas turbine system (100) includes a gas turbine (12) and a water circuit (102). The water circuit (102) includes a supply line (104) fluidly coupling the low pressure economizer (40) to a low pressure water supply (118). A connection line (106) fluidly couples the low pressure evaporator (42) to the low pressure economizer (40). A bypass supply line (108) extends between the connection line (106) and a heat exchanger. A bypass return line (112) extends from the heat exchanger and includes a first return branch (114) and a second return branch (116). The first return branch (114) extends to the supply line (104). The second return branch (116) extends to the connection line (106). At least one first diverter valve (120) is disposed on the bypass return line (112). The at least one first diverter valve (120) is operable to direct the flow of water towards one or both of the supply line (104) and the connection line (106).
id-WO2022219107A1    abstract-A system (1) for recovery of thermal energy from a heat source (2) comprising a heat source circuit (7a) with a first circulation fluid which receives thermal energy from the heat source (2), wherein the heat source (2) is connected to a heat receiver (5) comprising a heat receiver circuit (7b) with a second circulation fluid such that thermal energy may be transferred from the first circulation fluid to the second circulation fluid by means of a heat exchanger (4), the system comprising: an energy conversion module (3) configured to work in a closed loop thermodynamic cycle and convert thermal energy into electricity, wherein the energy conversion module (3) comprises a hot side arranged to be connected to the heat source circuit (7a) to extract thermal energy from the first circulation fluid, and a cold side arranged to be connected to the heat receiver circuit (7b) to deliver thermal energy to the second circulation fluid; and a flow control system arranged to control input and output of thermal energy into and out of the energy conversion module (3), wherein the flow control system comprises conduits for connecting the energy conversion module (3) to the heat source circuit (7a) and the heat receiver circuit (7b), and valves for selectively closing and opening the conduits to direct flow of the first and second circulation fluids therein.
id-US20230160374A1    abstract-Embodiments of systems and methods for generating power in the vicinity of a drilling rig are disclosed. During a drilling operation, heat generated by drilling fluid flowing from a borehole, exhaust from an engine, and/or fluid from an engine's water (or other fluid) jacket, for example, may be utilized by corresponding heat exchangers to facilitate heat transfer to a working fluid. The heated working fluid may cause an ORC unit to generate electrical power.
id-US20230228259A1    abstract-Embodiments of systems and methods for generating power in the vicinity of a drilling rig are disclosed. During a drilling operation, heat generated by drilling fluid flowing from a borehole, exhaust from an engine, and/or fluid from an engine's water (or other fluid) jacket, for example, may be utilized by corresponding heat exchangers to facilitate heat transfer to a working fluid. The heated working fluid may cause an ORC unit to generate electrical power.
id-EP4071338A1    abstract-A gas turbine system includes a compressor section, a turbine section, a combustor section. The combustor section is in fluid communication with a fuel supply via a fuel supply line. The water circuit includes a first water line extending between a first feed water supply line and a return water line. The gas turbine system further includes an extraction-air line that extends between an inlet port on the compressor section and an outlet port on the turbine section. A first heat exchanger thermally couples the first water line to the extraction-air line for transferring heat from a flow of extraction-air within the extraction-air line to a flow of water within the water circuit. A second heat exchanger thermally couples the first water line to the fuel supply line for transferring heat from the flow of water within the water circuit to a flow of fuel within the fuel supply line.
id-US20220325885A1    abstract-A low-carbon energy utilization system for steam and power cogeneration of oil field is provided, which includes a first water pump device, a second water pump device, electric heating devices, a liquid mixer, a fossil-fuel steam injection boiler, a steam mixer, a super-heater, and a new energy generation station. The electric heating devices are connected to the first water pump device. The liquid mixer is connected to the second water pump device and the electric heating devices. The fossil-fuel steam injection boiler is connected to the liquid mixer. The steam mixer is connected to the electric heating devices and the fossil-fuel steam injection boiler. The super-heater is connected to the steam mixer. The new energy generation station is used for supplying power to the electric heating devices.
id-WO2022241377A1    abstract-An automated control loop for dynamically adjusting a temperature of wet steam is provided. This leads to increased heat transfer and decreased fouling in a reboiler of a distillation column used for distilling a petrochemical. The control loop includes controlling the combining of condensed water with dry steam to produce the wet steam. The produced wet steam is input to the reboiler in order to transfer heat to the petrochemical while being converted to the condensed water. The control loop further includes monitoring a pressure of the produced wet steam, and setting a target temperature for the produced wet steam based on the monitored pressure. In addition, the control loop includes monitoring the temperature of the produced wet steam, and adjusting a proportion of the condensed water in the produced wet steam in response to the monitored temperature deviating from the set target temperature by at least a threshold value.
id-EP4124726A1    abstract-An installation (10) for producing electricity (12) and heat (14), comprising a gas turbine unit (34), a photovoltaic unit (36) and a solar thermal unit (38), and being configured for switching between:- a first operation mode, in which the gas turbine unit produces said electricity and said heat,- a second operation mode, in which the gas turbine unit produces only part of said electricity and the photovoltaic unit produces a rest of said electricity, and in which the solar thermal unit either produces a rest (68) of said heat or provides heat (70) to the gas turbine unit, and- a third operation mode, in which said electricity and said heat are produced by the photovoltaic unit, the solar thermal unit, and optionally one or several steam turbines (48) of the gas turbine unit.
id-WO2023283811A1    abstract-Based on the concept of ecological industrial park and circular economy, the municipal solid waste treatment system is regarded as an organic whole, and the physical and chemical characteristics of different solid wastes such as domestic waste, kitchen waste, municipal sludge and waste tires, as well as the process characteristics of combustion, anaerobic fermentation and pyrolysis are taken into account. A collaborative coupling method of efficient circulation and cascade utilization of energy, intermediate products and reclaimed water is established to realize the recycling of energy and matter, improve energy efficiency, reduce chemical consumption and reduce pollution emissions; Save land resources and reduce investment costs by sharing some disposal facilities; At the same time, biogas/gas is reformed to produce hydrogen and supplied to hydrogen waste transport vehicles for use, successfully creating a model of green low-carbon closed-loop management of solid waste, fully reflecting the concept of carbon neutral solid waste energy station.
id-WO2023049574A1    abstract-An H2-rich fuel gas production plant comprising a. syngas production unit can be advantageously integrated, with an olefins production plant comprising a. steam cracker in at least one of the following: (i) fuel gas supply and consumption; (ii) feed supply and consumption; and (iii) steam supply and consumption, to achieve considerable savings in capital and. operational costs, enhanced energy' efficiency, and reduced CO2, emissions, compared to operating the plants separately.
id-WO2023076299A1    abstract-A power plant system is disclosed. The power plant system includes a combustor, a turbine configured to generate electricity, a carbon capture system configured to remove at least a portion of carbon-based gasses from the flue gas downstream from the combustor, and a thermal storage system including a hot storage unit configured to store heat generated at least by resistively-heated gas at a hot temperature, the hot temperature greater than ambient temperature. The power plant is configured to operate in at least a first mode for storing thermal energy in the thermal storage system and a second mode for releasing the stored thermal energy from the thermal storage system and during the second mode, heat stored in the hot storage unit is transferred to the carbon capture system.
