id-WO2010075598A2    abstract-The invention involves a technology and a device that purportedly produces solar energy, heat and a refrigerator. This is to transport a set of solar panels (11) to evaporate and cool the resulting steam (18), one is used to generate electricity from a steam engine (3), and the other is used to generate electricity and cooling. (4) Under the regulation of the flow of fresh steam (18), there is a non-electric or freezing method, and may also be a pure electric or freezing method, where heat is supplied to the plant's heating or water heater, but there is not necessarily one. After low temperature treatment, water or ammonia can be used as a carrier for the production of air conditioning or process cold air. This process or device is more efficient than traditional cold carbon connected platforms - and the investment cost is lower.
id-JP2010159763A    abstract-[challenges] a steam turbine with exhaust enthalpy condition control and related methods are provided. The steam turbine 100 is a casing 120 containing the steam inlet 122 and the exhaust 124. The casing 120, which surrounds the working structure of the steam turbine 100, and the enthalpy conditions of the steam from the exhaust 124 are reflected. Steam 102 is used to control the introduction of steam flow 104 at a predetermined position 150 of the steam turbine 100 to provide a sound effect, and control device 106 is used to control the operation of valve 102 to achieve the desired enthalpy conditions of steam from the exhaust 124. Yes. By controlling the operation of valve 102, the desired enthalpy conditions for steam from outlet 124 can be achieved and can be used in other industrial processes without the need to modify the structure of the steam turbine 100. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US9062607B2    abstract-A method of operating a gas turbine power plant with a first gas turbine group, including a first turbine assembly, and a second gas turbine group, including a compressor assembly and a second turbine assembly which are mechanically coupled to one another, and useful work is extracted by a device being included in the plant, where a flue gas stream is produced by a combustion device, which is placed in a gas flow stream upstream of the second turbine assembly, where the second turbine assembly and compressor assembly are balanced to each other such that work produced by the second turbine assembly is consumed by the compressor assembly, and where the first turbine assembly is balanced to the device for the extraction of useful work such that work produced by the first turbine assembly is consumed by the device for the extraction of useful work.
id-US8277662B2    abstract-It is intended to effectively suppress corrosion of a feed-water supply pipe in a preheater, by means of recirculation of boiler water to feed-water to be supplied to a steam boiler, even if a concentration of an alkaline component of the feed-water is relatively high. An alkali metal hydroxide is added from an agent-adding unit ( 14 ) to feed-water after removing therefrom a water hardness component in a water-softener unit ( 15 ) using a cation exchange resin and then removing therefrom dissolved gas in a degasifier unit ( 16 ). Then, the feed-water is supplied to a steam boiler  20  via a feed-water supply line  13  while being heated by a preheater ( 41 ). A part of boiler water having a pH value increased along with an increase in concentration of the alkali metal hydroxide resulting from enrichment thereof in the steam boiler ( 20 ) is mixed with the feed-water via a recirculation line ( 38 ). An alkaline component of the feed-water in the feed-water supply line ( 13 ) reacts with hydrogen ions from the cation exchange resin to form a carbonic acid, so that a concentration of the alkaline component is reduced. Thus, when the boiler water is mixed with the feed-water, a pH of the feed-water is increased without being influenced by a buffering ability of the alkaline component, to suppress corrosion of the feed-water supply line ( 13 ).
id-WO2010119318A2    abstract-System (100) for producing thermal energy comprising: - at least one heating network (2); - at least one boiler (5) connected with the said network (2) by means of at least one duct (3) for the delivery of a thermal fluid to the said network (2) and at least one duct (4) for the return the thermal fluid from the said network (2); said condensing boiler (5) comprising at least one combustion chamber fed with a fuel comprising hydrogen; - at least one duct (7) for discharging the flue gas coming from the said condensing boiler (5); characterized by comprising - at least one condenser (14) in which the flue gas is made to flow; - at least one unit (9) for heating the temperature of the thermal fluid at the return duct (4) for increasing the temperature of the thermal fluid entering the boiler.
id-EP2381073A1    abstract-It is shown that this is a device that enhances the engine (1) engine (2) electricity and thermal power generation (0), and the electricity is the heat generated by the exhaust pipe (3) waste heat power generation. Gas turbines (2), gas turbines (2) or heaters (2) may also be used to generate electricity (0) by stationary sealing heat engines simultaneously bolted on the engine exhaust pipe (3) and engine exhaust pipe (3). The exhibit (4) is combined with a condenser (9) in a wave (10), and the exhibit (4) is separated by a hot exhaust pipe (5) in a pressure conveying pipe (3), a water heater (6) or a radiator (6), and a condenser (9).
id-WO2010140899A3    abstract-A system for heating in an ORO class supply vessel. The system includes a combined kettle 1 that may either supply hot water or steam. Normally, the kettle 1 supplies hot water to consumers 6 in a heating circuit 5 in the vessel. When the vessel is to be used for recovering oil spills, the kettle is reset to supply steam. The steam is supplied to a tank for collecting oil spills.
id-US20110068575A1    abstract-A system and method is provided for converting electrical energy input provided by a renewable prime energy into efficient thermo-dynamic energy for cogeneration purposes, activated by the main infrared radiation means and an energy density increasing means functioning synergistically. A closely approximated ideal blackbody condition therein, is utilized to heat the (TES,) resulting in a highly stable total kinetic energy (TES) mass. Another section provides an energy density increasing means. Steam generates power and then heats residential or commercial buildings. Service hot-water and air conditioning is also provided. The system can be an auxiliary system for other power plants increasing efficiency. In the second embodiment, higher capacity low cost electricity generation enables efficient power cogeneration. A zero emission cogeneration system that includes a fast energy density increasing feature and central heating means, and second embodiment plant with high capacity cogeneration; are presented as what are new in the art.
