id-WO2016116216A1    abstract-The invention relates to a warming method for a nuclear power plant (1) containing a water vapor cycle (2), a nuclear power plant (1) fully equipped with a steam generating unit (3), a steam turbine (4), and steam pipelines (5), at least some of which connect a steam generating unit (3) to a steam generating unit (4). The use of raw water (2) solution (2) to desalinate seawater warms the water so that deira life can multiply. Also includes nuclear power plants (1).
id-US20180066586A1    abstract-A process for retrofitting an electric power plant that uses two 60 Hertz large frame heavy duty industrial gas turbine engines to drive electric generators and produce electricity, where each of the two industrial engines can produce up to 350 MW of output power. The process replaces the two 350 MW industrial engines with one twin spool industrial gas turbine engine that is capable of producing at least 700 MW of output power. Thus, two prior art industrial engines can be replaced with one industrial engine that can produce power equal to the two prior art industrial engines.
id-US9394807B1    abstract-Systems and methods for storing and retrieving thermo-mechanical energy are disclosed. The systems and methods generally include a thermodynamic loop or cycle (e.g., a reversible transcritical, trilateral, or Rankine/vapor compression cycle) that works as a heat pump in a charging mode and as a heat engine in a discharging mode. The thermodynamic loop or cycle includes a gas pressure changing device, a liquid pressure changing device, and a working fluid. The system further includes one or more heat storage devices with solid heat storage material(s). Heat is transferred between the working fluid and the solid heat storage material(s) in the high and low pressure sides of the thermodynamic cycle, respectively.
id-US10208631B2    abstract-The present invention drives an ejector refrigeration unit using waste heat, such as a combustion gas generated from the outside, etc., and cools a working fluid sucked into a compressor in a power generator using the working fluid that circulates in the ejector refrigeration unit, thereby reducing a compression work of the compressor so that efficiency of a system can be improved.
id-WO2017050915A1    abstract-An energy system to provide electrical and thermal energy to a plurality of user points (8) comprises a cogenerator (1), an electrical storage (3), a latent thermal energy storage (4), a centralize sensible thermal energy storage (5), one or more heat pumps (7), a distributed sensible thermal energy storage (9) disposed in each user point, a management system (2) connected to electrovalves (V1, V2, I1, I2) of a hydraulic circuit and to relays (83) disposed in each user point to check the thermal and electrical flows from the cogenerator (1) to the user points (8).
id-US10487695B2    abstract-A system includes a gas turbine system having a heat recovery steam generator (HRSG), a compressor, an intercooler, and a steam turbine. The HRSG is configured to receive an exhaust gas, heat a first working fluid with the exhaust gas, and route the first working fluid to the steam turbine, where the steam turbine is configured to extract energy from the first working fluid, and where the intercooler is configured to receive a compressed air from the compressor of the gas turbine engine and to cool the compressed air to a first controllable temperature determined by engine controls with a second working fluid having a second controllable temperature suitable for cooling the compressed air to the first controllable temperature determined by the engine controls. The system also includes a first feed heater of a distillation system, where the first feed heater is configured to receive the mixture and the second working fluid such that the second working fluid sinks heat to the mixture. The system also includes a first-effect vessel of the distillation system. The first-effect vessel is configured to receive the mixture from the first feed heater and to receive the first working fluid from the steam turbine, such that the first working fluid sinks heat to the mixture.
id-WO2017068520A1    abstract-The present disclosure envisages a system that increases the regenerative feed heating of feed water. The system includes a steam turbine that is configured to receive high pressure steam provide low pressure expanded steam subsequent to the expansion of the high pressure steam thereon. A condenser that is configured to receive a first stream of expanded steam and facilitate the condensation of the first stream to provide a condensate. The LP heater is configured to receive the condensate and a second stream of expanded steam and generate a heated condensate. The deaerator is configured to receive the heated condensate and facilitate removal of dissolved oxygen from the heated condensate. The VAM comprises a VAM condenser that is configured to facilitate heating of the condensate prior to entering within the LP heater. A VAM absorber configured to facilitate heating of the heated condensate prior to entry within the deaerator.
