id-US20140060789A1    abstract-An evaporative heat exchanger includes first and second stacked plates forming a first fluid flow path between a first end and a second end. The first stacked plate defines a plane. Third and fourth stacked plates define a second fluid flow path. A fluid flow plate is positioned between the first and second stacked plates, and has a plurality of flow channels extending substantially parallel to the plane between the first end and the second end. At least one of the first and second stacked plates defines slots that form a portion of the first fluid flow path so that fluid flowing along the first fluid flow path flows along the flow channels in the first direction, then flows along at least one of the slots, then flows into adjacent flow channels and then along the adjacent flow channels in a second direction parallel to the first direction.

id-WO2010047004A1    abstract-Using the heat from the exhaust gas from the steel arc furnace to generate steam, the amount of steam produced is leveled out to make it easier to use for power generation. Waste heat boilers to recover sensible heat and combustion heat from the exhaust gas from arc furnace 1 for steelmaking are installed in multiple arc furnaces for steelmaking. In this case, it is necessary to combine the saturated steam generated in, and level out the amount of saturated steam generated by merging the saturated steam.
id-WO2010057279A1    abstract-Corrosion is avoided by using an external superheater heated by the clean gas exhaust coming from the internal combustion machine (ICM) mixed with pure air, with duct firing to adjust the steam superheating temperature, in the same way the existing natural gas/waste power plant do. The difference in the proposed patent is that the ICM is chosen not to match the steam amount produced in the waste boiler, which is superheated to a corrosion safe temperature say 400 C or less, but just to provide the plant own power consumption. We need to increase this ICM exhaust flow with pure air and use duct firing (11,12) to raise the gas mixture temperature, say between 600 C and 700 C, high enough to superheat the steam in the external superheater (3) to approximately 500 C. If we use pure air at ambient temperature, the amount of natural gas in the duct burners (11,12) will be very high decreasing the natural gas efficiency. To reduce the natural gas consumption in the duct burner (11,12) we use the hot gas leaving the external superheater (3), around 420 C, to preheat the ambient air to say 390 C, in a air/gas heat exchanger (13), before it is mixed with the ICM exhaust, increasing the mixture temperature to a value close to 400 C, reducing drastically the natural gas consumption in the duct firing (11,12).

id-US8176738B2    abstract-Methods and systems for converting waste heat from cement plant into a usable form of energy are disclosed. The methods and systems make use of two heat source streams from the cement plant, a hot air stream and a flue gas stream, to fully vaporize and superheat a working fluid stream, which is then used to convert a portion of its heat to a usable form of energy. The methods and systems utilize sequential heat exchanges stages to heat the working fluid stream, first with the hot air stream or from a first heat transfer fluid stream heated by the hot air stream and second with the flue gas stream from a second heat transfer fluid stream heated by the hot air stream.

id-JP5672615B2    abstract-

id-WO2010052437A3    abstract-An integrated plant includes an air compressor (31) driven by a steam turbine (17), a first heat exchanger (29), means for sending water to the first heat exchanger and then to a boiler (1), means for sending compressed air from the compressor to the first heat exchanger and an air separation apparatus (49) fed with compressed air into the compressor, heating means (3) for heating water downstream of the first heat exchanger, A second exchanger (13), means for sending water from the first exchanger to the heating means, means for heating to the second exchanger and from the second exchanger to the boiler and means for sending air to the second exchanger upstream of the first exchanger, without pre-heating between the compressor and the second exchanger.
id-WO2010051916A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a device (1) with at least one heat source (2) rotating in the alternations of one or two heat sources. At the same time, the thermal communication carrier (2) is the evaporator (4) of the second fluid, which is a ceramic system. The invention also includes an exhaust gas cleaning device (20) for discharge and a technology for transporting heat energy.
