id-JP2014528556A    abstract-The first high temperature source configured to supply the working medium at high temperature, the second low temperature source configured to supply the working medium at low temperature, and the first source and the second source through fluid flow, and the above first source supplies heat to the working medium and the above second source A thermal differential module comprising a thermal mechanism configured to maintain the temperature difference between the two in at least one way during the removal of heat from the medium; A pressure module with a pressure medium that selectively interflows fluids and alternates heat exchange processes with a high/low temperature working medium so that its temperature varies between the minimum and maximum operating temperatures corresponding to the high and low temperatures of the respective working medium. A conversion module, mechanically connected with a pressure medium and configured to utilize the temperature variation of the pressure medium for the generation of output energy, coupled with at least one of the thermal differential module and pressure module, and the heat exchange pro described above. Equipped with a heat recovery arrangement, which is configured to accept at least a portion of the thermal energy of the high and low temperature working media that was not transferred to the pressure medium during Seth, and to return the above thermal energy to the heat differential module and one of the pressure modules. A generator is a working medium in which the supply of heat is supplemented by a high temperature fluid and the heat exchange process is carried out by the generator. Select diagram in figure 74a
id-US20190056101A1    abstract-Liquid is flash evaporated in a series of cells along and surrounding an exhaust duct to generate a pressurized vapor where at least one of the surfaces is in communication with the source of heat sufficient to maintain the surface at a temperature such that the liquid injected into the chamber is substantially instantly converted to a superheated vapor with no liquid pooling within the chamber. The liquid is introduced by controlled injectors operating at a required rate. Each of the cells is periodically discharged by a pressure controlled relief valve and the vapor from the cells combined to form a continuous stream feeding a turbine or other energy conversion device. The outer wall of the cell is offset so that it contacts the inner wall at one point around the periphery. Heat transfer ribs and bars can be provided in the duct to provide increased heat transfer where necessary.

id-US20130091884A1    abstract-A thermodynamic system for powering a reciprocating device includes a refrigerant passing in a closed loop between a refrigerant compressor, a condenser, an expansion valve, and an evaporator. The system includes a heat source for heating the refrigerant, and an engine for receiving the heated refrigerant. The engine includes a housing, a shaft axially movable within the housing, a piston attached to the shaft, a shifter for reversing piston direction, and porting for passing the refrigerant into and out of the engine housing.

id-WO2013050803A1    abstract-A plant for co - generation of electricity and heating of water. Said plant comprises a combustion chamber (10) for combustion of biomass or of some other fuel. This plant comprises a circulating line (11) for the flue gases produced in said combustion chamber. The plant also comprises an operational circuit in which an organic fluid circulates, operating according to a Rankine cycle. The plant according to the invention further comprises a heat exchange group comprising at least one heat exchanger unit which comprises in its turn at least one first casing (31 ) that can be traversed by said combustion flue gases and at least one second casing (41), physically separate from said first casing (31 ), that can be traversed by said organic fluid. Said unit comprises a plurality of heat pipes (151, 15", 15'"), separated from one another, arranged in such a way that for each of said heat pipes (15 ', 15", 15"') a first portion (16 ') and a second portion (16") are housed respectively in said first casing (31) and in said second casing (31).

id-WO2013050129A1    abstract-The device discharging hot waste gas shall discharge from the heat source (1) and reverse to the heat transfer device (2). The heat contained in the exhaust gas is partially transferred to the heat carrier flow. Warmeubertrager (2) consists of the first chamber (3) hot exhaust initiated and has at least Warmeubertragungsmodul (4) with the second chamber (8) and command Warmerohren (5). The chamber (8) initiated by the warm first chamber (3) concerning the gradual transfer of exhaust gases to the Warmetragerfluid in the second chamber (3) is a kind of emulsion collection provided for in the first Chamber (6) concerning the Absetzkammer. This technique will allow you to warm up efficiently and release dust from hot sewage streams.
id-US10451310B2    abstract-Mobile water heating systems for producing hot water are disclosed herein. In one embodiment, a mobile water heating system includes a water heater having an oval-cylindrical shape. The water heater includes a shell, a lid and a water reservoir having a screen. A first heating coil and a second heating coil can extend between the screen and a first cone and a second cone, respectively. A first burner and a second burner can be configured to mix and combust fuel and air and direct the resulting flames through the heating coils. Pall rings can at least partially fill an interior volume of the water heater and the combustion of the fuel and air can heat the heating coils and the pall rings. Water can be heated by being directed through the heating coils and through a water manifold positioned to spray water on the pall rings.

id-EP2599971B1    abstract-

id-EP2784145A1    abstract-The gasification reactor relates to the field of power engineering, more specifically to methods and devices for producing energy carriers in the form of hot water, steam and hot synthesis gas, producing electrical energy, heat and cold, and synthesizing liquid hydrocarbons. The technical result is that of increasing the calorific value of the synthesis gas produced without increasing the size of the apparatus, which is achieved by additionally equipping the reactor with: a lower agitating system having an upper vaned agitator situated in a heated truncated cone that is hermetically secured inside a housing; heat removing water rods, situated in a gas duct; an unsaturated hydrocarbon synthesis zone, situated below the housing of the heated truncated cone; and a methane synthesis zone, situated at the inlet to the gas duct of a water boiler; and also by virtue of positioning the nozzle of a burner inside the hermetic cavity between the walls of the heated cone and the housing thereof, as well as covering the gasification reactor on the outside with a heat-insulating material, and lining the inside surface of the primary gasification zone with heat-protective materials.

