id-US9285112B2    abstract-A power plant includes a boiler, a steam turbine, a generator driven by that steam turbine, a condenser, a post combustion processing system and an energy storage system including at least one electrochemical cell to store excess electrical energy generated by the generator during period valley demand and release thermal energy for power plant operations at other times.

id-US9874359B2    abstract-Systems and methods for selectively producing steam from solar collectors and heaters are disclosed. A method in accordance with a particular embodiment includes directing a flow of water to a solar collector, directing the flow of water to a gas-fired heater, and, as a result of heating the flow of water at the solar collector and the gas-fired heater, forming steam from the flow of water. The method further includes changing a sequence by which at least a portion of the flow passes through the solar collector and the gas-fired heater.

id-JP6187879B2    abstract-

id-US20140216365A1    abstract-A system includes a heat recovery steam generator (HRSG) including a plurality of evaporator sections. At least one evaporator section includes a natural circulation evaporator configured to generate a saturated steam, a once-through evaporator configured to generate a first superheated steam, a first superheater configured to receive the saturated steam from the natural circulation evaporator, and a second superheater configured to receive the first superheated steam from the once-through evaporator.

id-US9719038B2    abstract-A gasifier start-up method for a gasifier capable of preventing or inhibiting a temporary occurrence of black smoke when a gasifier is started-up. A gasifier start-up method for a gasifier, in which a gasifying agent and a solid carbonaceous fuel are supplied and gasified, includes a start-up burner igniting step of supplying a start-up fuel and oxygen-containing gas to a start-up burner and igniting the start-up fuel and oxygen-containing gas, under an inert atmosphere in which an inside of the gasifier around the start-up burner is filled with inert gas; and an oxygen-containing-gas supply adjusting step of adjusting the supply of the oxygen-containing gas such that combustion gas obtained after the combustion reaction of the start-up fuel and the oxygen-containing gas becomes the inert gas, which contains little oxygen.

id-US20140224192A1    abstract-Disclosed are methods for providing steam suitable for injecting into a subterranean oil well, wherein fuel is combusted within a conduit that contains the steam to provide direct heat transfer of the heat of combustion to the steam.

id-WO2014130027A1    abstract-Contemplated configurations and methods are presented for effectively controlling the temperature in an oxy-fuel combustion system. Contemplated systems preferably introduce water independent of the fuel and oxygen into the combustion chamber. Water is injected through one or more nozzles, wherein water is atomized or sprayed, creating boundary layer cool zones in a boiler system and wherein water is recovered.

id-WO2014126236A1    abstract-A waste heat recovery device (100) that generates steam by the heat of the exhaust gas (EG) discharged from a gas turbine (10) and a deionized water generation device that deionizes impure water by using the energy of steam (S) generated by the exhaust heat recovery device (100) (20). 0) and. At least part of deionized water (PW) is returned to heat recovery equipment (100).
id-US20160053678A1    abstract-A method and apparatus for controlling the mass flow rate of a positive displacement expander comprises pumping a working fluid to a heat exchanger to convert the fluid into a working vapor. At least a portion of the working vapor is stored in an accumulator connected to the heat exchanger. At least a portion of the working vapor stored in the accumulator is selectively released into a positive displacement expander via a pulse width modulated valve to increase the efficiency of the expander.

id-US10119703B2    abstract-Methods for vaporizing hydrocarbon fuel and delivering the hydrocarbon fuel in either a vaporized phase or a supercritical phase to, for example, a combustion chamber are provided herein. A method of vaporizing a hydrocarbon fuel, wherein the hydrocarbon fuel is in a liquid phase at a first temperature and a first pressure, and wherein the first temperature of the liquid phase hydrocarbon fuel is less than its intrinsic oxidation or endothermic reaction temperature, the method may include lowering a pressure of the liquid phase hydrocarbon fuel from the first pressure to a second pressure; and heating the liquid phase hydrocarbon fuel from the first temperature to a second temperature, wherein the hydrocarbon fuel at the second temperature and the second pressure is in a substantially completely vaporized phase substantially without thermally oxidizing the hydrocarbon fuel, and wherein the hydrocarbon fuel in the substantially completely vaporized phase does not form carbonaceous contaminants.

id-WO2014147737A1    abstract-A brackish water drum, which is a duct through which the high-temperature gas passes through the evaporator, an evaporator inside the duct, and a steam pipe outside the duct. The high-temperature gas passes through the duct is used to separate the steam generated by heating the water flowing through the evaporator. The thermal power plant is characterized by having a exhaust heat recovery boiler and a exhaust heat recovery boiler, which are characterized by a circular cross-section of the water stored in the brackish water drum in the direction of the water surface. As a result, it is possible to provide thermal power plants equipped with waste heat recovery boilers that can start up thermal power plants at high speed.
id-US9863280B2    abstract-A CHP system includes a combustor (heat source), a Rankine cycle apparatus, and a second heat exchanger. The Rankine cycle apparatus includes, as an evaporator, a first heat exchanger that absorbs thermal energy produced in the combustor. The second heat exchanger is located closer to the combustor than is the evaporator, absorbs thermal energy produced in the combustor, and transfers the thermal energy to a heat medium.

id-EP2799805B1    abstract-

id-EP2796672A1    abstract-The invention relates to how to produce thermischer energy and carbon monoxide (CO) by reducing carbon emissions through aluminothermische features so that aluminum (Al) and carbon dioxide (CO) kilns essentially have no fertilizer using Sauerstoffgas situations to eliminate reactions being taken with Zundenergie emery (a Two O three) and Kohlenmonooxid (CO) were. This invention went on to involve the use of aluminum and its applications, as well as brennan and power plants.
id-US20160115869A1    abstract-A method for operating a combined cycle power plant includes additional burners being arranged in the waste heat boiler, the burners being supplied with secondary air from the gas turbine, the gas turbine is operated without a supply of fuel, and driving is effected by means of a start-up inverter. A plant includes a waste heat boiler, additional burners for generating thermal energy being arranged within the waste heat boiler, a gas turbine designed such that the necessary air mass flow for the additional burners can be supplied by the gas turbine, wherein the gas turbine is operated without a supply of fuel, the plant further including a start-up inverter, wherein driving is effected by means of the start-up inverter.

id-US9470113B2    abstract-A method of controlling a heat recovery steam generator (HRSG) includes measuring a first regulated output of the HRSG and a second regulated output of the HRSG. The method includes comparing the first regulated output to a first setpoint defining a first target output to generate a first error signal and comparing the second regulated output to a second setpoint defining a second target output to generate a second error signal. The method also includes generating, by a controller implementing a multivariable control algorithm having as inputs the first error signal and the second error signal, control signals to control the HRSG to adjust values of the first regulated output and the second regulated output.

id-JP6072356B2    abstract-

id-EP2806114B1    abstract-

id-JPWO2014185007A1    abstract-The CHP system (100) is equipped with a combustor (14) as a heat source, a Rankine cycle device (20), a second heat exchanger (42) and a thermal fluid flow path (16). The Rankine cycle device (20) has a first heat exchanger (24) as an evaporator that absorbs thermal energy from the combustion gas (thermal fluid). The second heat exchanger (42) absorbs heat energy from the combustion gas and transfers it to the heat medium. The first heat exchanger 24 and the second heat exchanger 42 are arranged in the thermal fluid flow path 16. Thermofluid flow path (16) allows combustion gas to reach directly from combustor (14) to first heat exchanger (24) and combustion gas to reach directly from combustor (14) to second heat exchanger (42). Including the second stream (16b).
id-WO2014183891A1    abstract-A Kraftwerksanlage(1) was the first man to complete Gasturbine(4), the first Gasturbine(4) abgasseitig nachgeschalteten Abhitzekessel(22) and one of this dampfaustrittsseitig nachgeschaltete The Dampfturbine(6) should be a very flexible low cost thermischer mechanical burden Leistungsabgabe and low Wartungsaufwand capable. The power station (1) consists of a nuclear power station (50) with a second row gas turbine (4) and a steam turbine (6) in the nuclear power station (1) with an electric exhaust turbine (5).
id-EP3011144B1    abstract-

id-US20140360204A1    abstract-The present techniques are directed to systems and a method for extracting a high pressure gas from a power plant. A method includes providing a fuel to a burner, and providing an oxidant to the burner, wherein an oxidant flow rate is adjusted to provide a substantially stoichiometric ratio of the oxidant to the fuel. The fuel and the oxidant are combusted in the burner to produce an exhaust gas. At least a portion of the exhaust gas is extracted downstream of the burner to form a product gas.

id-US20170248042A1    abstract-A gas turbine plant including a gas turbine and a compressor is provided with a steam turbine plant including a steam turbine and a condenser, and, an exhaust heat recovery boiler. Steam from the exhaust heat recovery boiler is directly flown to the condenser of the steam turbine plant through a bypass control valve. A pressure sensor detects pressure in a turbine bypass system. A controller outputs, based on a set value from an input device and a process value from the pressure sensor, an open level instruction value to the control value so as to make the process value consistent with the set value in a predetermined sampling cycle. A corrector corrects the set value from the input device in a direction in which the open level instruction value decreases when the open level instruction value from the controller becomes a value that substantially fully opens the control valve.

id-US20150033700A1    abstract-Systems and methods for defrosting sensing components in fluid sensing system. In one embodiment, the invention provides a defrosting system that includes a sensing system. The sensing system includes a sensor operable to sense a characteristic of the fluid in a tank. The defrosting system includes a fluid pickup line spaced apart from the sensor, and a fluid return line. The fluid return line includes an output. The output is positioned to direct fluid onto the sensing system. In one embodiment, the defrosting system further comprises a pipe configured to provide the fluid to a system external to the tank. The fluid is heated by heat generated by the external system and directed onto the sensing system at least partially defrosts fluid contained within the sensing system.

id-JP6214253B2    abstract-

id-WO2015000618A1    abstract-Described as a power plant total Gasturbine(10), an Abhitzedampferzeuger (20) Wasserdampfkreislauf(30), and a Dampfreformer(40), while Gasturbine(10) about Abgasleitungen - 121,120 with Abhitzedampferzeuger(20) and Damp The freformer(40) is connected by Dampfreformer(40) and Abhitzedampferzeuger(20) in the form of heat absorption from the turbine sewer (10), where the power plant still has a hot gas purification plant (50).
id-JP2016528430A    abstract-According to the operation method of a combined cycle equipment, the steam turbine (25) is reduced to a very low power immediately before the scheduled start of the park load, and the gas turbine (2) is subsequently operated under the park load and continues to operate The steam turbine (25) has a speed increase to park output. In this case, the GT operating power may be the rated power of the gas turbine. In this case, the ST operating power may be the rated power of the steam turbine.
id-WO2015010201A1    abstract-Systems and processes for generating steam and/or hydrogen with reduced carbon dioxide emissions are provided. Prior to steam generation by combustion of fuel, typically methane or natural gas, the fuel is decomposed into a solid carbon material and gaseous hydrogen. The hydrogen is combusted to generate steam plus combustion-product steam, which may be injected into a subterranean formation to recover hydrocarbons. The produced hydrogen may also be used in bitumen upgrading operations. The invention aims to generate less carbon dioxide emissions than conventional processes, by sequestering carbon in solid form from the fuel prior to combustion for steam generation.

id-WO2015011415A1    abstract-A fouling and corrosion control probe comprising an elongated probe body (100) comprising at least a first cooling space (110) for a first circulating fluid, and a probe head (200). Characteristically, said probe body (100) and said probe head (200) are traversed through a second cooling space (120) for a second fluid different from the first fluid and flowing successively from at least two second fluid inputs (120al, 120a2) to a mixing zone (130) of a terminal space (222) of the probe head (200) and then through a single second fluid discharge channel (120c, 224), The second fluid and the first fluid flow coaxially with the first cooling space (110) outside the second cooling space (120), whereby the temperature of the second fluid in the second cooling space (120) can be controlled to a predefined section of the probe head (200) comprising the mixing zone (130) and forming a sample zone (ZE). Application to heat exchanger tubes of boilers producing energy from combustion or pyrolysis processes.
id-WO2015010467A1    abstract-The invention discloses a heat exchange device with high temperature and high pressure gas, comprising an inverted U-shaped furnace body (2), in which a high temperature superheater (10), a low temperature superheater (8), an evaporator (7), a water high temperature heater (5) and a water preheater (3) are successively arranged from the inlet section of the hot medium along the flow direction of the hot medium. The water preheater (3) is arranged in the outlet section of the heat medium, and the inverted U-shaped furnace body (2) is an adiabatic shell with pressure and high temperature resistance. The desuperheater (9), drum (6) and deaerator (4) are arranged outside the inverted U-shaped furnace body (2), and the desuperheater (9) is connected with the low temperature superheater (8) and the high temperature superheater (10) respectively. The boiler barrel (6) is connected to the water high temperature heater (5) and the evaporator (7) respectively through the pipeline, the deaerator (4) is connected to the water preheater (3) at the inlet, and the deaerator (4) is connected to the water high temperature heater (5) at the outlet, and the water is deaerated after preheating. The device with high temperature gas heat exchange has good pressure resistance and tightness, compact structure, large heat exchange area per unit volume heat exchange tube, easy maintenance, and can be used in solar thermal power generation, chemical industry and metallurgy and other energy fields.
id-JP6171647B2    abstract-

id-US9675113B2    abstract-An electronic cigarette is provided, which comprises an atomizing device and a burning device connected to the atomizing device. The burning device is configured to heat the atomizing device, and thus making the atomizing device to produce smog. The following beneficial effects will be achieved when implementing the present application. In the electronic cigarette, a burning device is used to control the atomizing device to produce smog. As a result, the pollution to the environment resulted from the battery can be avoided, which make the electronic cigarette more friendly to the environment. Besides, the cost of using the electronic cigarette is low.

id-JP2015040565A    abstract-Challenges an improved duct-fired composite cycle system with overall temperature control, enabling the use of alternative fuels in an efficient manner without the need for costly upgrades to the heat recovery steam generator and other components. Make it noh. The steam turbine 30 includes the heat recovery steam generator 40, which includes the first low pressure part and the second low pressure part, the low pressure steam part 36, which is connected with the second low pressure part of the heat recovery steam generator, and the heat recovery steam generator. May include a duct burner 66 arranged on the upstream side. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2015023320A3    abstract-The present invention relates to a waste heat recovery system including a boiler connected to a source of waste heat fluid. The boiler includes a leak passageway on the working fluid conduit to collect working fluid in the event of a break or leak in the conduit and direct the working fluid to a containment vessel. A sensor in the containment vessel communicates with a controller, which is programmed to act responsive to a signal indicating a leak in the working fluid conduit.

id-US9689279B2    abstract-A cogeneration system for generating electricity and process steam. The system includes an internal combustion engine having a shaft and a cooling system comprising a cooling fluid adapted to circulate through the engine and to cool the engine under conditions of nucleate boiling in which at least 10 percent of the coolant exits the engine in a vapor phase. It includes a vapor separator adapted to separate the coolant that exits the engine into a vapor phase coolant and a liquid phase coolant. The engine shaft drives an electric generator to provide electric power. A hot vapor line directs hot vapor exiting the vapor separator to a hot vapor process load. A coolant circulation pump is provided to force the cooling fluid through the engine, and a hot water line is provided to return hot water exiting the vapor separator to the coolant circulation pump. In preferred embodiments the system further includes an excess steam condenser for to collecting and condensing excess steam not needed by the hot vapor load, a condensate return tank adapted to store condensate from the hot vapor load and the excess steam condenser, and a condensate return line adapted to return condensate to the coolant recirculation pump.

id-US10066833B2    abstract-A burner system includes a plurality of burners, each having a nozzle positioned to emit a stream of fuel into a combustion volume, and a perforated flame holder, including a plurality of apertures extending between first and second faces thereof, and positioned to receive a stream of fuel from the respective nozzle. In operation, the flame holders are configured to hold a flame substantially within the plurality of apertures.

id-EP2846008A1    abstract-The object of the present invention is to carry out a highly efficient power generation or to efficiently use an exhaust heat of a low temperature. A steam turbine plant includes a steam turbine 1 and a heating unit configured to heat a working fluid to be supplied to the steam turbine 1. The heating unit includes a first heat source 14 using a fossil fuel or a second heat source 8 using an extracted steam from the steam turbine 1, and a third heat source 44 not using a fossil fuel but using a waste exhaust combustion gas.

id-WO2015035253A1    abstract-The disclosed apparatus and control system produces a single, on demand, energetic gaseous working fluid from any heat source. Working fluid in a liquid phase is released into a heat exchange tube in the form of very fine droplets or atomized mist, where it is rapidly heated to its gaseous phase. The gaseous working fluid can continue to absorb heat before exiting the heat exchange tube to perform work. The disclosed system controls the release of working fluid into the heat exchange tube and/or the heat energy to which the tube is exposed, resulting in a flow of energetic gaseous working fluid that can be quickly adjusted in response to changing conditions without a large pressure vessel.

id-WO2015065894A1    abstract-Methods and systems generate steam for heavy oil recovery operations, wherein fouling is limited with the use of wire matrix turbulators in tubes with tendencies to foul.

id-US20150090202A1    abstract-A system includes the HRSG having an economizer disposed along a fluid flow path, and a drum disposed along the fluid flow path downstream of the economizer. The HRSG also includes a drum level control module configured to modulate an amount of the fluid provided to the drum along the fluid flow path and a supplemental control module configured to control an amount of the fluid in a different manner than the drum level control module. The heat recovery steam generator also includes a drum level event controller configured to monitor a rate of change of a level of the fluid in the drum. If the rate of change is over a threshold value, a signal goes to the supplemental control. If the rate of change is less than or equal to the threshold value, the signal goes to the drum level control module.

id-US20150107248A1    abstract-An electricity production system configured to operate in accordance with a method of operating an electricity production system that at least includes the steps of: determining an oxygen distribution between oxygen gas to be separated by an air separation unit (“ASU”) and oxygen gas stored in a storage tank of the ASU to be fed to the boiler unit, determining a carbon capture value for a gas processing unit, determining a power consumption value for the gas processing unit and the ASU, determining a total power demand value based on the power consumption value of the gas processing unit and the ASU, and on a determined electricity demand, and controlling the boiler unit, the turbine, the ASU, and the gas processing unit based on the determined total power demand along with correcting signals generated from a coordinated Model Predictive Control.

id-EP2881555B1    abstract-

id-WO2015076951A1    abstract-A heating, cooling, and power device includes a shaft and an expander coupled to the shaft to rotate the shaft. A first conduit is coupled to the expander and configured to transport a working fluid. A heater is coupled through the first conduit to the expander. A heat pump is coupled to the shaft. An electric machine is coupled to the shaft to produce electricity or mechanical shaft power. A recuperator includes a second conduit coupled between the expander and recuperator. The heat pump includes a first heat exchanger including a second conduit coupled between the expander and the first heat exchanger. An expansion device includes a third conduit coupled between the first heat exchanger and the expansion device. A second heat exchanger includes a fourth conduit coupled between the expansion device and second heat exchanger. A compressor is coupled to the shaft.

id-WO2015079139A1    abstract-A system of air humidification ina given volume, characterized in that it comprises a steam generation assembly comprising a stack (1) of fuel cell cells, and terminal plates (2, 3) disposed on either side of said stack (1), in which said terminal plates (2, 3) comprise a heat exchanger (21, 3) 31) adapted to carry out heat transfer between said stack (1) and water circulating in said terminal plates (2, 3) so as to vaporize all or part of the water circulating in said terminal plates (2, 3), the system further includes ducts adapted to carry the steam generated in the given volume so as to moisten the air in said volume.
id-WO2015067434A1    abstract-The invention of the field asset control system transferred the home process known as Energieruckgewinnung from Abwarmestrom Brennkraftmaschine, the system will be an Arbeitsfluidkreislauf(4) with at least one Verdampfer(3) idle in the Abwarmestrom control, and a shred (12)steuerbar umgehbaren Expansionsmaschine Kondensator (6) A coolant to miss (9) and a water pump (5). According to the designed method, the thermal power generation system of a fuel engine will be utilized so that the maximum cooling output required is reduced (9), which is designed. To achieve this goal, only the external flow rate is regulated within the external expansion machine (6) and the pressure is regulated within the closed external circulation (4).
id-US20160273756A1    abstract-A method of operating a combined heat and power plant ( 10 ) (CHP plant) includes generating hot flue gas in a hot flue gas generator ( 12 ) and cooling the hot flue gas in a sequence of cooling steps to recover heat and to generate steam in a heat recovery steam generator ( 16 ) (HRSG). The HRSG ( 16 ) includes an HP steam evaporator ( 26 ) downstream of the hot flue gas generator ( 12 ) in which HP steam is generated and in which the hot flue gas is cooled, at least one HP steam superheater ( 20, 22 ) between the hot flue gas generator ( 12 ) and the HP steam evaporator ( 26 ) in which at least HP steam from the HP steam evaporator is superheated and in which the hot flue gas is cooled, and an MP steam superheater ( 24 ) upstream of the HP steam evaporator ( 26 ) in which MP steam is superheated by the hot flue gas and in which hot flue gas is cooled.

