id-US20120312019A1    abstract-A feedwater heater ( 14 ) in a heat recovery steam generator (A,B) lies within a flow of hot exhaust gas. The feedwater heater ( 14 ) converts subcooled feedwater into saturated feedwater water, the temperature of which is only lightly above the acid dew point temperature of the exhaust gas so that corrosive acids do not condense on coils ( 18 ) of the feedwater heater ( 14 ). Yet the temperature of the saturated feedwater lies significantly below the temperature of the exhaust gas at the coils ( 18 ), so that the coils ( 18 ) operate efficiently and require minimal surface area. Pumps ( 26, 28, 30 ) elevate the pressure of the saturated feedwater and direct it into an economizer ( 64, 90 ) where, owing to the increase in pressure, the water is again subcooled. The economizer ( 64, 90 ) elevates the temperature still further and delivers the higher pressure feedwater to evaporators ( 34, 70, 78 ) that convert it into saturated steam that flows on to the superheaters ( 50, 78, 84 ). Higher pressure pegging stem admitted to the feedwater heater ( 14 ) controls the pressure—and temperature—of saturated steam and water in the feedwater heater ( 14 ).

id-EP2348199B1    abstract-

id-US9217368B2    abstract-A method of modifying a gas turbine plant which is provided with a one-shaft gas turbine having a compressor for compressing air, a combustor for generating a combustion gas from the air compressed by the compressor and a fuel, and a one-shaft turbine driven by the combustion gas generated by the combustor and supported by a rotational axis common to the compressor, and an electric generator for generating electric power by driving force of the one-shaft turbine, wherein: the one-shaft turbine is replaced with a two-shaft gas turbine including a compressor for compressing air, a combustor for generating a combustion gas from the air compressed by the compressor and a fuel, and a high-pressure turbine driven by the combustion gas generated by the combustor and supported by a first rotational axis common to the compressor, and a low-pressure turbine driven by the combustion gas used to drive the high-pressure turbine and supported by a second rotational axis, which is different from the axis for the high-pressure turbine.

id-JP5858619B2    abstract-

id-EP2848777A1    abstract-Preferred embodiments provide a system and method of generating steam comprising providing a continuous supply of coal (75), combusting the coal in a primary processing chamber (10) in the presence of oxygen (80) and water (85) to provide a first product gas stream (O), recovering heat from the first product gas stream in a first heat recovery steam generator (HRSG 20) to produce a first steam output (29), processing the first product gas stream in a secondary processing chamber (32) in the presence of oxygen (90) and water (86) to provide a second product gas stream (Q) substantially free of inorganic, organic and particulate contaminants, recovering heat from the second product gas stream in a second heat recovery steam generator (HRSG 40) to produce a second steam output (49), and combining the first steam output and the second steam output. In preferred embodiments, the combined steam output is used to drive a steam turbine (100).

id-WO2011093163A1    abstract-The purpose of the present invention is to provide a waste heat boiler with a simple structure and cost reduction, as well as to prevent the partial flow of process gas and the resulting local temperature difference, as well as to prevent the deformation and damage of parts placed in the shell. The waste heat boiler 1 of the present invention has an outer shell 2 formed into a cylindrical shape extending vertically, a water chamber 17, a plurality of heat transfer tubes 24 and a plurality of heat transfer tubes 24, and a first chamber 19, which is supplied with water, and a second chamber 20, in which the heated water and steam flow in. Multiple plate members 31 extend in a direction orthogonal to each other and parallel along the upper and lower directions of outer shell 2; multiple plate members 31 extend in a direction orthogonal to each other and parallel along the upper and lower directions of outer shell 2; It is equipped with ipass tube 37.
id-WO2011091072A3    abstract-Biomass or refuse-derived fuels (10) and seawater or other non-potable water are used as an input to a combustor/evaporator (15, 20). The resulting steam heats a working fluid in an Organic Rankine Cycle (30, 50, 60, 75) process which drives a turbine (50) to produce mechanical rotation. This rotation can be used to directly drive a process or to generate electricity. The heating of the working fluid cools the steam to produce purified water. The evaporator provides a water purification process for both the separation of dissolved components as well as providing for thermal pasteurization / sterilization. Suitable water inputs are seawater, brackish water and water with those waterborne diseases and pathogens which can be killed through pasteurization/sterilization.

id-WO2011092316A2    abstract-A heat exchange unit for hot gas heat recovery comprising: a heat exchange duct housing a heat exchange array; a bypass duct; an arrangement configured to cause variable amounts of hot gas to flow through the bypass duct and the heat exchange duct; and a barrier intermediate the heat exchange duct and bypass duct and including a cavity through which a fluid may be introduced so as to extract heat that would otherwise transfer from the bypass duct to the heat exchange duct and/or vice versa.

id-US8828339B2    abstract-A CO shift catalyst according to the present invention is one that reforms carbon monoxide (CO) in gas. The CO shift catalyst includes: active ingredients including one of molybdenum (Mo) and iron (Fe) as a main ingredient and one of nickel (Ni) and ruthenium (Ru) as an accessory ingredient; and one or at least two oxides of titanium (Ti), zirconium (Zr), and cerium (Ce) as a carrier supporting the active ingredients. The CO shift catalyst can be used for a CO shift reactor  20  that converts CO in gasified gas  12  produced in a gasifier  11  into CO 2 .

id-WO2011097622A2    abstract-A system and method for generating power, comprises providing a fuel stream and an oxygen stream to a magnetohydrodynamic generator so as to generate electric power and a first exhaust stream comprising CO 2  and water; and providing the first exhaust stream to an expansion generator so as to generate electric power and a second exhaust stream comprising CO 2  and water at a lower temperature and pressure than the first exhaust steam. The system and method may include the step of separating air upstream of the magnetohydrodynamic generator so as to generate the oxygen stream and may include the step of condensing the second exhaust stream so as to generate water and a wet CO 2  stream. The wet CO 2  stream may be condensed so as to generate water and a dry CO 2  stream, which may be stored underground.

id-US20110132280A1    abstract-The carbon-free fire tube boiler is a boiler for heating water by combustion of hydrocarbon fuels with oxygen. The boiler includes a housing defining first and second heat transfer stages. At least one oxygen transport reactor is received within the first heat transfer stage. The oxygen transport reactor includes an outer wall and an inner cylindrical ion transport membrane. The membrane receives pressurized air and separates gaseous oxygen therefrom, transporting the oxygen into an annular region between the membrane and the outer wall. The gaseous hydrocarbon fuel is delivered into the annular region for combustion, producing gaseous carbon dioxide and water vapor. A water reservoir is defined within the first and second stages, with the at least one oxygen transport reactor and at least one transfer tube passing therethrough. The carbon dioxide and the water vapor are delivered through the at least one transfer tube for heating water contained therein.

id-US20110185712A1    abstract-An energy separation and recovery system wherein energy forms which might otherwise be wasted are employed in conjunction with a heat exchanger and a super heater to generate steam in a substantially closed-loop system wherein the heat supply is an open system. The superheated steam is transmitted to an engine to generate power which may be used to supply electrical energy. The electrical energy may be employed external to the system. Stepped diameter tubing carries water, or other vaporizable fluids, through the heat exchanger into the super heater while simultaneously exposing the carried water or fluid to incrementally higher temperature heated gas. Variable bellows, attached operatively to end plates accommodate the differential expansion of the tubing. The energy generation system includes a control module to permit the generation of steam and electricity at such times as there is sufficient heat to permit the generation of superheated steam.      The energy separation and recovery system may, alternatively, be employed to provide the power to an engine or other device or may provide an energy source to an alternative power consumption device which does not result in the generation of power.

id-US8069666B1    abstract-One or more systems for generating shaft horsepower by using waste heat from combustion exhaust are provided herein. The system can include a heat recovery silencer, a turbine, a compressor, a combustion source, and a control system.

id-WO2011102925A2    abstract-A method of operating a gasification facility includes injecting a carbonaceous material into a gasification reactor. The method also includes converting at least a portion of the carbonaceous material into a solid waste byproduct that includes residual carbon. The method further includes reactivating at least a portion of the residual carbon. The method also includes injecting at least a portion of the reactivated carbon into the gasification reactor.

id-WO2011103873A3    abstract-The invention describes a thermal and/or cooling system using a steam engine and a device attached to a vacuum cleaner.
id-US8397493B1    abstract-One or more methods for recovering waste heat from a combustion system performing a first operation and a second operation with the waste heat are provided herein. The method can include providing exhaust from a combustion system performing the first operation to an inner housing of a heat recovery silencer. Heat can be transferred from the exhaust to a heat transfer fluid in a heat recovery flow path to form a heated heat transfer fluid. The heat recovery flow path can be formed between the inner housing and an outer housing of the heat recovery silencer to form a heated heat transfer fluid.

id-EP2553336B1    abstract-

id-US8733109B2    abstract-A method and apparatus for generation of electric power employing fuel and air staging in which a first stage gas turbine and a second stage partial oxidation gas turbine power operated in parallel. A first portion of fuel and oxidant are provided to the first stage gas turbine which generates a first portion of electric power and a hot oxidant. A second portion of fuel and oxidant are provided to the second stage partial oxidation gas turbine which generates a second portion of electric power and a hot syngas. The hot oxidant and the hot syngas are provided to a bottoming cycle employing a fuel-fired boiler by which a third portion of electric power is generated.

id-US9157336B2    abstract-A waste heat recovery structure includes a first exhaust gas flow path provided to each of steel making electric arc furnaces to discharge exhaust gas thereinto; a waste heat boiler disposed on the first exhaust gas flow path to recover waste heat as saturated steam from exhaust gas; a steam accumulator configured to store steam formed by confluence of saturated steam parts, each generated by the waste heat boiler; a steam super heater configured to turn steam into superheated steam by heating; a second exhaust gas flow path configured to lead exhaust gas from the waste heat boiler to the steam super heater to use it for superheating; a third exhaust gas flow path configured to discharge exhaust gas from the waste heat boiler not through the steam super heater; and a switching device configured to switch flow paths between the second and third exhaust gas flow paths.

id-US20120079825A1    abstract-A generator comprising heat differential, pressure, and conversion modules, and a heat recovery arrangement; the differential module comprising a first high temperature reservoir containing a work medium at high temperature, a second low temperature reservoir containing a work medium at low temperature and a heat mechanism in fluid communication with the reservoir(s). The heat mechanism maintains a temperature difference therebetween by providing heat to and/or removing heat from the reservoirs; the pressure module comprises a pressure medium in selective fluid communication with the reservoirs for alternately performing a heat exchange process with the work medium. The pressure medium fluctuates between a minimal and maximal temperature corresponding to the high and low temperatures of the work medium; the conversion module utilizes temperature changes of the pressure medium for production of output energy; the recovery arrangement absorbs heat from the pressure medium and provides heat to the differential or pressure module.

id-WO2011131041A1    abstract-

id-US9874113B2    abstract-A system for generating steam supplies of coal another material to one or more processing chambers. Each processing chamber includes a plasma arc torch that heats the material in the presence of water and a treatment gas at an extremely high temperature. A product gas stream is delivered from each processing chamber to a heat recovery steam generator (HRSG). Each HRSG generates steam that is used to drive a steam turbine. The processing chambers and HRSGs are fluidly connected so that the product gas streams moves from a processing chamber, to a HRSG, to another processing chamber, and then to another HRSG, etc. Within any of the HRSGs, or after the final HRSG, water in the product gas may condense to liquid water that may be redirected to any of the processing chambers. In addition, CO 2  from the final HRSG may be redirected into any of the processing chambers to facilitate further reactions in the chambers.

id-US8234863B2    abstract-In various embodiments, efficiency of energy storage and recovery systems compressing and expanding gas is improved via heat exchange between the gas and a heat-transfer fluid.

id-EP2390565B1    abstract-

id-EP2386720A1    abstract-The invention for the Abgasstrom Stromungskanal (12) line Gasturbine(10) encourages the Stromungskanal (12)(14) radial Stromungskanal in the Zoran wall ragender collar (22) was conceived by changing Turbulenzerzeugung to have better cells in wandnahen's water flow, and also to achieve Abloseneigung. This is the stain I was looking for
id-EP2397659B1    abstract-

id-EP2402567B1    abstract-

id-US20160097532A1    abstract-The present techniques provide systems and methods for recovering energy from flare gases in chemical plants and refineries. The systems use an engine to burn a portion of gas diverted from the flare system. The engine may be a reciprocating engine, or a burner in a boiler system, among others. The power generated by burning the flare gas is then used to power an energy recovery device. The energy recovery device may be an electrical generator, a compressor, or a steam boiler, among others.

id-US10066512B2    abstract-The application relates to a system for using the waste heat of an internal combustion engine through the Clausius-Rankine cycle. Such system prevents operating medium from the Clausius-Rankine cycle from leaking into combustion air or exhaust air. The system has a first flow channel formed by at least one first limiting component and a second flow channel formed by at least one second limiting component. The system has a fluid-conducting connection to the surroundings or to a receiving chamber from the first limiting component and preferably from the second limiting component, so that in the event of a leak the operating medium is conducted into the surroundings or into the receiving chamber.

id-EP2412943B1    abstract-

id-US20120037056A1    abstract-An integrated process for operating a fossil fuel fired power plant including: producing hydrogen gas and an aqueous solution of hydrogen peroxide via a process including: dissociating hydrogen gas and oxygen gas from water; pressurizing the hydrogen gas and the oxygen gas; and mixing, under pressure, the oxygen gas and at least about a stoichiometric portion of the hydrogen gas with an aqueous solution of a catalyst and a promoter to form the aqueous solution of hydrogen peroxide; supplying a remainder of the hydrogen gas to at least one of (a) a storage means, (b) a boiler detonation cleaning system of the fossil fuel fired power plant, and (c) an electrical generator of the fossil fuel fired power plant; and injecting the aqueous solution of hydrogen peroxide into an air pollution control system of the fossil fuel fired power plant.

id-WO2012025426A2    abstract-The invention relates to a berippte water pipe with a shell (G), a thermal medium (D) of heat energy and a thermal medium (D) of heat in Heizflachenbundel with an Abhitzedampferzeuger Heizflachenbundel (H) (H) Filmed Warmetragermedium transfer; And a Stromungsleitblech to cover Spaltes (S) with Heizflachenbundel (H) and a Gehauseinnenwand. These masted the ship into "double masts", with one piece of metal (B1) mounted on the hull and another on the hearth side (B2), and the two pieces of metal (B1, B2) stacked on top of each other in a concave edge.
id-US9151277B2    abstract-A method of power generation, including: igniting a biomass boiler; starting a solar concentrating collector; measuring water temperature t 3  at water outlet main of the solar concentrating collector; opening a second control valve arranged between the water outlet main and the boiler drum when t 3  is greater or equal to 95° C.; closing the second control valve and the third control valve to prevent water in the solar collector tube from running and to maintain the water in a heat preserving and inactive state if the water temperature t 3  decreases and t 3  is less than 95° C.; turning the turbonator unit into a thermal power generation mode; opening a first control valve arranged between the water outlet main and a water supply tank if the water temperature t 3  continues decreasing and when t 3  is between 5 and 9° C.; and turning the turbonator unit into a biomass boiler power generation mode.

id-US20170198634A1    abstract-A method and system for cost effectively converting a feedstock using thermal plasma, or other styles of gassifiers, into a feedwater energy transfer system. The feedstock can be any organic material, or fossil fuel. The energy transferred in the feedwater is converted into steam which is then injected into the low turbine of a combined cycle power plant. Heat is extracted from gas product issued by a gassifier and delivered to a power plant via its feedwater system. The gassifier is a plasma gassifier and the gas product is syngas. In a further embodiment, prior to performing the step of extracting heat energy, there is is provided the further step of combusting the syngas in an afterburner. An air flow, and/or EGR flow is provided to the afterburner at a rate that is varied in response to an operating characteristic of the afterburner. The air flow to the afterburner is heated.

id-US9513000B2    abstract-An oxygen combustion system includes a boiler to burn fuel using combustion gas composed of oxygen-rich gas and circulating flue gas, a dust remover disposed in a flue through which flue gas discharged from the boiler flows, a second flue leading the combustion gas to the boiler, the combustion gas being made by mixing the circulating flue gas extracted downstream of the dust remover with the oxygen-rich gas, a combustion gas heater exchanging heat between the flue gas flowing between the boiler and dust remover and the combustion gas flowing through the second flue, and a flue gas cooler disposed between the heater and the dust remover to cool the flue gas. A control unit controls at least one of a flow rate and cooling medium temperature of the flue gas cooler such that temperature of the flue gas introduced into the dust remover will be between 90° C. and 140° C.

id-EP2623741B1    abstract-

id-JP5331939B2    abstract-

id-WO2012039225A1    abstract-A Rankine cycle device comprising a waste heat source, a working fluid circuit and a limiting part is disclosed. A working fluid circuit consists of sequential connections between a pump, a heat exchanger, an expander, and a condenser. The pump pumps the working fluid. The heat exchanger exchanges the working fluid pumped from the pump with the waste heat from the waste heat source. The heat exchanger expands the working fluid that is heated by the heat exchanger to produce mechanical energy. The condenser condenses the expanded working fluid in the expander. Based on the temperature information detected at the pump inlet or at the expander inlet, the limiting part limits the amount of heat received by the working fluid between the pump outlet and the expander inlet on the working fluid circuit.
id-WO2012034876A3    abstract-The Economist, evaporator and superheater (4) in the design of a short-term process to increase the steam power (1), in the same time built-in two non-pressure shaft (3), the mutual extension of the water flow in the pool and the electrolyte built-in in the pool, It also deviated from the Temperatursollwert of Austrittstemperatur stromungsmediumsseitig and uberhitzerheizflache respectively Druckstufe charakteristischer first easy! Test population Regelgroße eingespritzten Stromungsmedium (M) was used to influence Wirkungsgrad's heavy Dampfprozesses.
id-EP2619334B1    abstract-

id-EP2434214A1    abstract-A heat recovery steam generator (1) is disclosed, comprising a main casing (2) with a hot gas inlet (3), a plurality of tube bundles (4-8) arranged inside said casing, wherein a first tube bundle or group of tube bundles (4, 5) form a hot portion (11) of said generator, and a second tube bundle or group of tube bundles (6-8) form a cold portion (12) of said generator, the hot portion having a mean temperature, under normal operating conditions, greater than said cold portion, said generator also comprising a multi-louver shutter operable between said hot portion and said cold portion, to provide a thermal insulation means between said hot portion and cold portion.

id-EP2643559B1    abstract-

id-WO2012045730A3    abstract-Using power, evaporants, and superheating heaters in developed economies (4) to control the process of steam engine efficiency improvement in the future (1): One way to record electrocardiogram M shunt and internal water medium 2 during internal water swimming is to utilize the last high temperature reheating surface in a certain temperature standard for each layer of pressure
id-US20120102962A1    abstract-A combined cycle power plant includes a gas turbomachine, a steam turbomachine operatively connected to the gas turbomachine, a heat recovery steam generator (HRSG) operatively connected to the gas turbomachine and the steam turbomachine, and a cooling system fluidly connected to the gas turbomachine. The cooling system is configured and disposed to pass a coolant through the gas turbomachine to absorb heat. A condensate system is fluidly connected to the steam turbine and the HRSG. The condensate system is configured and disposed to deliver a steam condensate from the steam turbine to the HRSG. A heat exchange member is fluidly connected to the cooling system and the condensate system. The heat exchange member is configured and disposed to transfer heat entrained in the coolant to the steam condensate.

id-WO2012057657A1    abstract-The invention relates to the field of thermal power engineering. Autonomous power generation system, includes boiler with fuel and oxidant supply lines, exhaust gas supply lines, hot water supply lines, heat carrier circuit with lines and heat exchangers, electric power generator mechanically connected to the drive, working body circuit, with lines, while the exhaust gas supply line includes a flue pipe to vent combustion products into the atmosphere, The section for pre-cooling combustion products with the irrigation system and the contact device on which the most intensive heat exchange of combustion products and the heat carrier takes place, the channel with the cap for the barboting of combustion products through the heat carrier in the said storage device, the heat carrier circuit shall include the lines of heat transfer from the said storage device to the structural elements of the building or structure. The invention allows to reduce operating costs for electricity and heat production.
id-WO2012048756A1    abstract-The invention includes techniques of the following primitive nature, i.e., manufacturing and/or processing of products, with primitive nature and heat including at least through gas turbines, in particular the smallest gas turbines (1; 1) Provide electricity and heat; Use at least part of the gas turbine (E) and at least part of the heat provided by the gas turbine to manufacture and/or process a product. "(3; 3; 3; 3) "shows the equipment for product production and (or) processing, and shows the expansion or improvement procedures for product production and (or) processing equipment.
id-EP2455443A1    abstract-A system includes a syngas cooler (18) configured to cool a syngas (16). The syngas cooler (18) includes a first syngas cooler section (20) configured to cool the syngas (16) and a second syngas cooler section (30) configured to cool the syngas (16) and generate a first superheated steam (32) with an enthalpy of less than approximately 3800 kJ/kg.

id-US9829194B2    abstract-The present invention provides a device which comprises: a heat exchanger ( 1 ) for transferring heat of a heat-supplying medium to a working medium which differs from said heat-supplying medium, a first supply device designed to provide a flow of the heat-supplying medium at a first temperature from a heat source to the heat exchanger, and a second supply device which is designed to deliver the heat-supplying medium after it has passed through the heat exchanger, and/or a further medium at a second temperature lower than the first temperature, to the flow of the heat-supplying medium at the first temperature.

id-US20140338577A1    abstract-The energy output of a power plant combustion chamber that combusts fuel comprising biomass as all or part of the fuel can be increased by feeding oxygen into the combustion chamber so that said fuel is in contact with gaseous oxidant whose oxygen content exceeds that of air by up to 5 vol. % above that of air.

id-US20140144137A1    abstract-The invention in the preferred embodiment represents a method of powering any application requiring a motive body of steam in order to produce power, using stoichiometric oxyhydrogen combustion to vaporize a requisite flow of water. The steam-generation process produces water as the sole product of combustion. Applications include providing motive steam for thermal power generation systems within the electric power industry, electric-power generation systems within the railroad locomotive industry, and turbine-driven propulsion systems both water- and aeronautical-based.

id-WO2012069155A3    abstract-The invention describes a Pulsstrahltriebwerk Pulsstrahl-Dampferzeuger(1)(2) and Verdampfer Verdampfer(3) (3) Too much order called Abgas(28) engine (2)Verdampfer(3) conveyed what such water (29) or liquid (29) could not be called Abgas(28) combustion chamber. After the liquid (29) evaporates (28) in the liposuction, it quickly evaporates (30) and becomes steam (3).
id-WO2012062899A3    abstract-This invention refers to a vehicle, especially a racing car, having a lift unit (1) fitted with a power drive and having at least one air circulation or circulation facility, in particular a take-off patrol (32) and/or a patrol (16). To improve the Stromungseigenschaften Fahrzeuges in moglicht's simplicity, the idea is to be at least one oxygen or Ansaugstromungsweg in each entity (11) and/or the first Verdichters Austrittsstromungsweg (12)(9) ordered, while best Ansaugstromungsweg (11), and in Austrittsstromungsweg Verdichters (12)(9) are arranged for at least four weeks of air, or each body, and are better designed in a water absorption path (11) or at least one cooler (16) and a backswing cycle path (12).
id-JP2012107802A    abstract-[challenges] our aim is to provide an evaporator that reduces the deterioration of heat transfer performance by reducing the risk of burnout on the heat transfer surface during heat exchange. Evaporator 100 is an evaporator that heat exchanges cooling water and refrigerant. The evaporator 100 has the refrigerant inlet 17c and the refrigerant outlet 17d. The refrigerant inlet 17f and the refrigerant inlet 17f can be heat exchangable, and the heat medium inlet 18c and the heat medium outlet 18d can be heat exchangable, and the heat medium inlet 18d can be heat exchangable, and the heat medium inlet 18d can be heat exchangable, and the heat medium inlet 17d can be heat exchangable. "Route 18f". The heat medium inlet 18c is arranged in a position corresponding to the refrigerant region that changes from the liquid state to the vapor state through the heat exchange with the cooling water in the refrigerant flow channel 17f. In the heat medium inlet 18f, the cooling water flowing into the heat medium inlet 18c is in the vapor state and the liquid state It has a bulkhead 18w that directs the cooling water to flow along the area of the resulting refrigerant. Select diagram: figure 4
