id-JP6406583B2    abstract-

id-US20170067630A1    abstract-An evaporation cycle of a natural circulation steam generator. An evaporator is in flow connection with a downcomer pipe and includes a first evaporative section and a second evaporative section connected in parallel with the first evaporative section and arranged at a higher level than the first evaporative section. The evaporator cycle is not associated with another external source of motive force than heat from the gas flow to assist the flow of the water in the evaporator, and the evaporator has a vertically extending outlet collector for collecting the steam and water from the first and second evaporative sections to the riser pipe. The outlet collector includes a lower portion and an upper portion above the lower portion. The first evaporative section is in direct flow connection with the lower portion and the second evaporative section is in direct flow connection with the upper portion.

id-US9909496B2    abstract-A power generation system, including: a solar energy concentration system, a biomass gasification device, a gas-powered generator, a steam turbine, a steam-powered generator. The solar energy concentration system is connected to a solar energy heat exchange system. The biomass gasification device is connected to the gas-powered generator. The gas outlet of the gas turbine is connected to the gas exhaust heat system. The second steam outlet of the gas exhaust heat system is connected to the second and the third cylinders of the steam turbine. The first steam outlet of the gas exhaust heat system and the steam outlet of the solar energy heat exchange system are connected to a steam mixing regulating system. The mixed steam outlet of the steam mixing regulating system is connected to the first cylinder of the steam turbine.

id-JP2015218634A    abstract-[issues] we will provide gas turbine cycle equipment, CO2 recovery equipment for exhaust gas, and exhaust heat recovery method for combustion exhaust gas that can improve the efficiency of gas turbine cycle. Solution: the combustion exhaust gas 18 from the power turbine 16 is used to heat exchange the high-pressure secondary compressed air 12c in the first heat exchange unit 19a of the exhaust heat recovery device 19, and the heat exchange exhaust gas 18a is used to heat exchange the low-pressure primary compressed air 12a. Heat is recovered in the second heat exchange unit 19b of air saturation tank 31. Then, the primary compressed air 12b recovered by the second heat exchange unit 19b is introduced into the secondary air compressor 22, where the heat is recovered by the first heat exchange unit 19a to form the secondary compressed air 12d, and the secondary compressed air 12d is used in the combustor 14. It can be heated up to 1500 ° c by burning it with fuel. Thus, the efficiency of exhaust heat recovery in exhaust heat recovery device 19 becomes extremely high. Figure 1
id-US20160290628A1    abstract-An apparatus, system, and method for controlling combustion gas output in direct steam generation for oil recovery. A direct combustion steam generator burns a fuel and an oxygen-containing gas mixture to produce combustion products including steam, CO 2  and N 2 . Supplemental oxygen is separately supplied to the combustion steam generator to adjust the oxygen content of the oxygen-containing gas mixture during the combustion process in order to adjust the ratio of CO 2  to N 2  produced in the combustion products.

id-WO2015198656A1    abstract-The invention provides a mechanism for effective utilization of thermal energy recovered from the exhaust gas of the motor of the mobile body. Heat supply system 1 according to the embodiment of the present invention includes: exhaust gas economizer 12 for recovering heat from the exhaust gas of motor 11; boiler 13 for separating steam from the heat medium heated by the heat recovered by exhaust gas economizer 12; Equipped with a heat supply system that supplies steam separated by IRA 13 to heat utilization unit 15. On the steam movement path of the heat supply system, switch valves 21, 22, 23 and compression/power generation equipment 20 are arranged to switch the operating mode of heat supply system 1. When the operating state of the motor 11 causes the thermal energy supplied from the exhaust gas economizer 12 to the heat utilization device 15 to be insufficient, the heat supply system 1 operates in compression mode, where the steam from boiler 13 to the compression and power generation device 20 is compressed. After increasing the pressure in the shrinking power generation device 20, the supply is supplied to the heat utilization device 15.
id-US20190024883A1    abstract-A high efficiency multi-stage duct fired heat recovery steam generator (HRSG) is provided to generate steam for use in thermal enhanced oil recovery (EOR) applications. The HRSG is equipped with a plurality of duct burners in series and a plurality of evaporators for transferring heat from the duct burners to the water to generate steam, with at least one evaporator corresponding to each of the duct burners. Each evaporator is arranged downstream from the corresponding duct burner. At least one perforated plate is configured to disperse and distribute available oxygen within a subsequent duct burner. Hot exhaust gas from a gas turbine (over 1000° F.) is directed to the duct burners in series, allowing further combustion and maximizing thermal efficiency for the HRSG to have a thermal efficiency of at least 92%, and for the exhaust gas exiting the HRSG to contain oxygen in a range of 2% to 8%.

id-WO2016010015A1    abstract-The first Stirling engine (11), which drives the boiler (1) and the first generator (12) and USES combustion heat as a high temperature heat source; the economizer (4), which recovers exhaust heat from the boiler exhaust; the blower (2) and the first water supply pump (1) In the first Stirling engine (11), the boiler feed water supplied as a low temperature heat source is preheated, and the waste heat of the first Stirling engine (11) is supplied to the boiler (1), and the boiler (1) is supplied to the first Stalin nguyen In addition to the waste heat of gin (11), the waste heat of boiler (1) recovered by economizer (4) is also included as the heat source of steam generation. Electric power from the first Stirling engine (11) is supplied to the blower (2) and the first water supply pump (13). Improve the energy efficiency of the la system.
id-US10690337B2    abstract-This disclosure relates to the field of energy recovery systems, and more particularly to exhaust heat recovery devices and exhaust flow control devices.

id-WO2016024447A1    abstract-The gasifier (20), the gas cooler (30), the gas turbine (50), the auxiliary fuel supply unit (60), the heat recovery boiler (70), and the steam that generates combustible gas from pulverized coal It is equipped with a turbine equipment (80), a generator (90), and a circulation system unit (100) for circulating cooling water. The heat recovery boiler (70) has a first medium pressure nozzling unit (70a) and a second medium pressure nozzling unit (70b). In the case of burning the gas, the cooling water forms a series heat exchange system that passes through the first medium pressure nodal coal burner 70a, the second medium pressure nodal coal burner 70b, and the gas cooler 30 in series. A combined coal gasification combined cycle power plant (1) that forms a separate heat exchange system via a) and a second medium pressure nodal coal boiler (70b) is provided.
id-WO2016022591A1    abstract-A cogeneration system for generating electricity and process steam. The system includes an internal combustion engine having a shaft and a cooling system comprising a cooling fluid adapted to circulate through the engine and to cool the engine under conditions of nucleate boiling in which at least 10 percent of the coolant exits the engine in a vapor phase. It includes a vapor separator adapted to separate the coolant that exits the engine into a vapor phase coolant and a liquid phase coolant. The engine shaft drives an electric generator to provide electric power. A hot vapor line directs hot vapor exiting the vapor separator to a hot vapor process load.

id-WO2016038727A1    abstract-The heat supply system 1 consists of the exhaust gas of the engine 11 installed on the ship, which provides propulsion to the ship, and the exhaust gas of the incinerator 12, which burns combustible materials generated in the ship, including impurities separated from the fuel oil before being consumed by the engine 11. Exhaust gas economizer 14, which recovers heat from the exclusively selected exhaust gas, steam separation drum 15, which separates steam from water that has become a mixed state of liquid and gas due to the heat recovered by the exhaust gas economizer 14, and steaming. The compressor 17 is equipped with a gas separation drum 15 to compress the separated water vapor and raise the temperature. The water vapor compressed by the compressor 17 is supplied to the heat utilization device 18. If the ship is moving at normal speed and the load on the engine 11 is above the predetermined threshold, the exhaust gas from the engine 11 will be directed to the exhaust gas economizer 14, and if the ship is moving at a stop or very low speed and the load on the engine 11 is below the predetermined threshold, the fuel will be burned. The exhaust gas from the incinerator 12 is directed to the exhaust economizer 14.
id-US20160076759A1    abstract-A combustion system of a composite heat carrier generator comprises combustion and vaporization chambers. The combustion chamber comprises a main body and a head portion connected thereto. The head portion comprises an outer shell, a cyclone, and fuel receiving, fuel spray nozzle, water receiving, and air receiving nozzles. The fuel receiving and fuel spray nozzles are connected. The air receiving nozzle forms an air inlet cavity in communication with the fuel spray nozzle and the cyclone. The cyclone includes a pre-combustion chamber facing the fuel spray nozzle and a groove. The pre-combustion chamber receives a mixture of fuel and air, and the cyclone groove introduces air.

id-US20160076344A1    abstract-A combustion system of a composite heat carrier generator comprises combustion and vaporization chambers. The combustion chamber comprises a main body and a head portion connected thereto. The main body includes a housing having an outer shell and an inner bush that form a spiral cooling channel therebetween. A combustion cavity is formed in the inner bush. A plurality of spray holes penetrate the cooling channel and the combustion cavity. The head portion comprises an outer shell, a cyclone, and fuel receiving, fuel spray nozzle, water receiving, and air receiving nozzles. The fuel receiving and fuel spray nozzles are connected. The air receiving nozzle forms an air inlet cavity in communication with the fuel spray nozzle and the cyclone. The cyclone includes a pre-combustion chamber facing the fuel spray nozzle and a groove. The pre-combustion chamber receives a mixture of fuel and air, and the cyclone groove introduces air.

id-WO2016047399A1    abstract-Maintain the suction pressure of the water pump at an operational pressure. A condensate pump (condensate pump (18), a spare condensate pump (19)), a branch line (31) that branches the water sent by the condensate pump, and a branch line (31) connected to one of the branches (low-pressure branch line (31a)). In a boiler (1) having a ram (low pressure drum (11)) and a water supply pump (20) connected to another branch line (high pressure branch line (31b)) and pumping water to an evaporator (high pressure evaporator (16)). When the suction pressure on the inlet side of the water supply pump (20) is lower than the specified pressure, a part of the water from the drum is directed to the water supply pump (20) side.
id-US20160102926A1    abstract-The present invention discloses improved heated surfaces (HS) with vertical multiple passage panels or vertical serpentine coils from straight tubes with connections between them by top and bottom bends. In HS with tube bends there is not any mixing headers—each circuit has a single tube from inlet header to outlet header. This increases mass velocity of flow and improves stability and temperature regulation of tubes. The bottom bends have holes. The bottom bend holes of the adjacent passes are connected with drain header by drain stubs. Each header serves to drain the adjacent tube passes and as equalizing header of pressure/flow. It will help to decrease multivaluedness and maldistribution of flow between parallel tubes of the module. Such design of HS noticeably decreases the corrosion of tubes.

id-US20160115826A1    abstract-The present invention generally relates to a combined cycle power plant. More in particular, the present invention relates to a plant where the temperature of the flow of gas exiting the turbine is lowered without the need of employing high cost nickel alloys within the heat recovery steam generator.

id-US20160116156A1    abstract-A co-generation process for a regenerator in an FCC system having a reactor and a regenerator includes the steps of introducing flue gas from the regenerator into a heating unit at a first location of the heating unit, and introducing an oxygen/fuel gas mixture into the heating unit at a second location of the heating unit apart from the first location, and combusting the oxygen/fuel gas mixture in the heating unit at the second location to form a hot combustion gas. The process further includes the steps of combining the hot combustion gas and the flue gas at a third location of the heating unit apart from the first location to produce heated flue gas, heating water and/or steam with the heated flue gas to produce a heated steam, and introducing the heated steam into a turbine to extract energy from the heated steam.

id-US11105498B2    abstract-Various embodiments relate to combined heat and power (CHP) systems. A CHP system can include a turbine system, a turbocharger system, and a refrigeration system. The refrigeration system can receive combustion products from the turbine system and compressed air from the turbocharger system. The refrigeration system can cool the combustion products and the compressed air to generate a cooled combustion product mixture that is provided to the turbine system.

id-US20160138796A1    abstract-A method for using untreated produced water to generate steam and simultaneously producing diluents is disclosed. The method includes a combustion process for generating steam for hydrocarbon recovery using untreated water and, an optional process for recovering combustion byproducts to assist in hydrocarbon recovery or solvent injections. Specifically, a novel combustion method and a double-tube heat exchanger are used to generate steam while minimizing or eliminating water treatment steps and boiler fouling. Low value pitch, also known as asphalt, is used for combustion fuel. In addition to the steam generation, byproducts of the combustion process can be utilized in solvent injections or as a diluent.

