id-WO2021036099A1    abstract-The utility model relates to a combined process for efficient waste heat recovery and denitration of gas turbine tail gas. The flue gas discharged from the gas turbine enters the flue gas denitration system, and exchanges heat with saturated steam from the high-pressure drum through the superheated section of the high-pressure boiler, and then exchanges heat with the high-pressure boiler water from the high-pressure drum through the evaporation section of the high-pressure boiler. After that, it enters the denitration reaction bed through the fan and contacts with the catalyst for denitration reaction, and then exchanges heat with the low-pressure boiler water from the low-pressure drum through the evaporation section of the low-pressure boiler. Finally, it is discharged through the chimney after the heat exchange between the economizing section of the high-pressure boiler and the high-pressure boiler water. High pressure steam and low pressure steam are generated by heat exchange between high pressure steam and low pressure steam with flue gas, and waste heat in flue gas is recovered, so as to improve the comprehensive utilization rate of gas turbine, reduce operation and investment costs, and realize the requirements of energy saving and environmental protection.
id-WO2021024425A1    abstract-[challenges] while maintaining the stable operation of the cement firing equipment, it is possible to efficiently burn combustible waste and make effective use of it. [solution] the third air duct 6a, which is extended upward and then hangs down, the temporary furnace 3, which is connected to the lower end of the third air duct, the lower end of the temporary furnace, and the kiln bottom 5a of cement kiln 5 to the lowest level cyclone 2a Raw material R2 and combustible waste W from cyclone 2b at the top of the lowest cyclone are supplied to the third air duct. Raw material, etc., are temporary furnace, connection duct and connection duct. Gas G2 flowing through the 3rd air duct through the rising duct is introduced into the bottom layer cyclone through the temporary furnace, connection duct and rising duct, the exhaust gas of the cement kiln is introduced into the bottom layer cyclone through the rising duct, the bottom layer cyst through the rising duct. Cement baking equipment installed in the chron 1.
id-US20210063012A1    abstract-A heat recovery steam generator (HRSG) includes a base and a top platform assembly disposed on the base. The top platform assembly includes a first top platform auxiliary module having a first rectangular frame in which a steam manifold is disposed, a second top platform auxiliary module having a second rectangular frame in which a high pressure (HP) drum is disposed, and a third top platform auxiliary module having a third rectangular frame in which a low pressure (LP) drum and an intermediate pressure (IP) drum are disposed. Each top platform auxiliary module may be pre-assembled on the ground prior to be raised to elevation for installed on the base.

id-EP4050283A1    abstract-This boiler is provided with: a heat generating body; a container inside which the heat generating body is provided; and a water pipe which is heated by means of heat generated by the heat generating body, in an environment in which the inside of the container is filled with a gas having a higher specific heat than air.

id-WO2021101718A1    abstract-Vaporizer cores are disclosed including a housing and a chamber where the chamber includes a porous lattice structure that is thermally conductive. Further, the housing and the chamber including the porous lattice structure are formed as a single integral structure. Three-dimensional (3D) printing can be used to form the housing and the chamber including the porous lattice structure as a single integral structure. For certain embodiments, a concentric-circle fin design, a crisscross fin design, or a conical fin design is used to form the porous lattice structure for the vaporizer chamber. For further embodiments, techniques are implemented to resolve potential problems with 3D printing of the vaporizer cores. One example technique is encapsulation of the vaporizer core within a shell, such as a two-piece shell, to resolve potential problems with leaks. Disclosed embodiments for the vaporizer cores provide manufacturing, material, and design improvements to prior solutions.

id-US11282613B2    abstract-A turbine engine comprising a compressor section and a turbine section in serial flow arrangement defining a working air flow path with a heat exchanger in fluid communication the working air flow path, and a nuclear fuel in thermal communication with the heat exchanger and a release valve in fluid communication with the working air flow path.

id-EP4067738A1    abstract-A steam generation apparatus includes: a heat medium flow passage through which a heat medium flows; a primary economizer disposed in the heat medium flow passage; a secondary economizer disposed in the heat medium flow passage at an upstream side of the primary economizer with respect to a flow direction of the heat medium; a primary evaporator disposed in the heat medium flow passage at an upstream side of the secondary economizer with respect to the flow direction of the heat medium; a first flash tank for generating flash steam; a first feed water line configured to supply water heated by the primary economizer to the secondary economizer; and a second feed water line disposed so as to branch from the first feed water line and configured to supply the water heated by the primary economizer to the first flash tank.

id-US11187113B2    abstract-An electric power generating system includes an autoclave coupled to a natural gas source, an oxygen source, and having a pressure reducing outlet valve. A high-pressure pump provides a solution of ammonium hydroxide and ammonium carbonate solution under pressure to the autoclave. An exothermic reaction generates high-pressure steam for electrical power generation. A crystallizer receives ammonium carbonate from the reaction for the formation of crystallized ammonium carbonate fertilizer.

