id-EP2615265B1    abstract-

id-WO2013109581A1    abstract-A method is provided for generating and distributing electricity via an electrical grid, wherein a fossil fuel plant and a renewable energy electricity generating station are interconnected with the electrical grid and are both operable to generate electricity output. The electricity output is directed from both the fossil fuel plant and the renewable energy electricity generating station to the electrical grid for distribution. Then, at the fossil fuel plant, at least a portion of the electricity output is directed to within the plant and utilized in generating hydrogen. The method provides further a reacting step wherein the generated hydrogen reacts with carbon dioxide to produce methane. Continued operation of the fossil fuel plant is conducted utilizing the produced methane as fuel, to generate electricity output, and also, capturing carbon dioxide exhaust and utilizing it in the reacting step.

id-US20150136374A1    abstract-A heat exchanger assembly, comprising: heat exchanger pipework which comprises a plurality of elongate tube elements which extend in spaced relation and a plurality of pipe end couplings which fluidly connect open ends of respective tube elements, wherein the pipe end couplings each comprise a main body part to which the open ends of the respective tube elements are fixed, and an enclosure part which is fixed to the main body part and provides a closed fluid connection between the open ends of the respective tube elements; and a plurality of fins which extend in spaced relation and optionally substantially orthogonally to the tube elements, wherein the fins each comprise a sheet element, optionally a single, continuous sheet element, which includes a plurality of apertures through which extend respective ones of the tube elements, and a plurality of fin coupling elements which are located within respective ones of the fin apertures to interface the tube elements to the sheet elements.

id-EP2802821B1    abstract-

id-JP2015511291A    abstract-The invention relates to a steam generator using the Rankine process used in a waste heat recovery device for an internal combustion engine suitable for an automobile, a heat exchange channel (2) equipped with a heat exchanger (3) and a bypass of the heat exchange channel (2). The heat exchange channel (2) and the bypass channel (4) shall be subjected to the circulation of the heated fluid during the operation of the steam generator (1), and the heat exchanger (4) shall be subjected to the circulation of the heated fluid during the operation of the steam generator (1). 3) may receive the circulation of the medium for evaporation, and the heat exchange channel (2) shall cover the bypass channel (4). Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US9086015B2    abstract-An integrated oxy-combustion turboexpander process including producing an enriched carbon dioxide product stream, by combusting a compressed synthetic air stream, including an oxygen-enriched stream and a carbon dioxide recycle stream, with a fuel stream and expanding the combustion stream thereby producing the carbon dioxide recycle stream and an enriched carbon dioxide product stream; producing an essentially pure carbon dioxide product stream, by processing the enriched carbon dioxide product stream into a deoxo methane combustor.

id-WO2013128484A1    abstract-The invention provides a vertical smoke tube composite boiler and a waste heat recovery system equipped with such a boiler, which can also utilize the waste heat of a diesel power generator installed on a ship. The vertical smoke tube type composite boiler 1 of the present invention comprises a water chamber 4 formed on the upper side of can body 2, a horizontal pipe plate 3 which is divided into upper and lower Spaces in can body 2, a smoke chamber 5 formed on the lower side of horizontal pipe plate 3 in can body 2, and a fire arranged in water chamber 4 Smoke room 10 for combustion gas is arranged above water room 4 and connected with furnace 6 and smoke tube group 9 for combustion gas. Smoke room 10 for combustion gas is arranged above water room 4 and connected with furnace 6 and smoke tube group 9 for combustion gas. Each of the introduction side smokehouse 5 and the exhaust side smokehouse 8 contains a bulkhead 12a to 12c in the smokehouse 8a for the diesel main engine exhaust and at least one diesel power engine exhaust smokehouse 8b to 8c. They are numbered 13a to 13c.
id-US20140041394A1    abstract-A method and system for integrating a power plant and a post combustion capture plant for producing carbon dioxide. The power plant can provide electricity to the post combustion capture plant created by passing steam from a boiler through turbines and feeding the flue gas created by heating the boiler as a feed gas stream to the post combustion capture plant. A back pressure turbine is utilized to provide a significant amount of electrical power while extracted steam is being expanded before being introduced into the reboiler present in the post combustion capture plant

id-EP2634483A3    abstract-In order to overcome the problems that earlier methods have experienced, a method for providing heat to a carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) post combustion capture process is proposed, comprising the steps: a) generating electricity from a boiler (A) by feeding steam from said boiler (A) to one or more turbines (B, C, D); b) feeding flue gas from said boiler (A) to a waste heat recovery unit (M); c) capturing heat in said waste heat recovery unit (M); and d) feeding heat to said post combustion capture process.

id-US20130236845A1    abstract-Described herein are embodiments of systems and methods for oxidizing gases. In some embodiments, a reaction chamber is configured to receive a fuel gas and maintain the gas at a temperature within the reaction chamber that is above an autoignition temperature of the gas. The reaction chamber may also be configured to maintain a reaction temperature within the reaction chamber below a flameout temperature. In some embodiments, heat and product gases from the oxidation process can be used, for example, to drive a turbine, reciprocating engine, and injected back into the reaction chamber.

id-EP2831385B1    abstract-

id-JP2015510081A    abstract-The invention relates to a exhaust heat utilization device (1) for an automobile, which includes: Evaporator (6) for evaporation of the working medium arranged in the exhaust heat utilization circulation path (3) downstream of the conveying device (5) An expander (7) for the expansion of the working medium arranged downstream of the evaporator (6) in the exhaust heat utilization circulation path (3) A condenser (8) for condensing the working medium located downstream of the expander (7) in the exhaust heat utilization circulation path (3) A generator (13), which is directly or indirectly driven and connected to the power take-off shaft (4) of the automobile's internal combustion engine (2) In this case, the expander (7) is directly driven connected to the power take-off shaft (4) of the internal combustion engine (2) for energy recovery.
id-EP2639414A3    abstract-The invention is based on a fuel cell device with at least one cooling loop connected to a circulating steam turbine. Burning as a coolant in the cooler will increase the efficiency of the fuel cell system and ensure its reliability.
id-US20140116361A1    abstract-Systems for the recovery of heat from hot air exhaust from industrial processes, and the utilization of recovered heat to generate steam at two discrete (high and low) pressures. The systems match steam production with demand. The systems utilize efficient finned tube exchange units made up of modular sections that can be selectively associated with either high or low pressure steam generators. The systems utilize separate steam domes for each of the discrete steam pressures. The steam dome components may be structured apart from the heat exchange components. Each steam dome utilizes its own sensor and control instrumentation to vary the allocation of heat recovered to either or both the high or low pressure steam generator. The two generator subsystems are linked to operate variably according to demand. Monitoring upstream heat and downstream steam requirements allow for automated operation and allocation of recovered heat into the two subsystems.

id-WO2013136407A1    abstract-By using solar heat, the system alleviates the pinch point constraint between exhaust gas, working fluid (water), and steam, and provides a combined cycle power generation system that can improve output. The combined cycle power generation system of the present invention comprises a gas turbine (13), a steam turbine (31) and a generator (5) driven by the said two turbines (13, 31), and a combined cycle power generation system that utilizes waste heat. M (P1) is installed in the waste heat recovery boiler (2) to recover the waste heat, and is installed alongside the steam generator (22) to generate steam (J) from the water supply (w0) and the steam generator (22) to generate steam (J) from the water supply (w0). A solar steam generator (42) for generating J) and a device for controlling the flow rate of the water supply (w0) (35). It produces pressure (J).
id-JP6305681B2    abstract-

id-US8534039B1    abstract-A combined cycle power plant system and methods of operation so as to minimize consumption of cooling water utilizes exhaust from a combustion turbine to generate steam for power generation in a steam turbine topping cycle. The exhaust steam from the steam turbine topping cycle is utilized to vaporize an organic working fluid in an organic working fluid bottoming cycle, where vaporized organic working fluid expanded across a turbine generates additional power. Exhaust gas from the organic working fluid bottoming cycle is condensed utilizing an air-cooled heat exchanger. Heat exchange bundles of the air-cooled heat exchanger are preferably arranged horizontally relative to the ground to maximize efficiency. Turbine inlet cooling is employed at the combustion turbine to recapture energy lost in the system. A thermal energy storage tank may be utilized in conjunction with the turbine inlet cooling to supply chilling water to the system.

id-JP5959721B2    abstract-

id-US20190024990A1    abstract-A heat exchanger for heating a fluid in an incineration plant, comprising at least one heat exchanger component wherein the side in contact with the flue gas has an oxide layer comprising an α-Al2O3 which protects the heat exchanger component against corrosion caused by corrosive compounds entrained or comprised by the flue gas.

id-US20130318970A1    abstract-A method and a configuration recover thermal energy in a thermal treatment of cold-rolled steel strip in an annealing furnace. The steel strip is heated up in a protective gas atmosphere to a temperature above the recrystallization temperature, and is subjected in a first, slow cooling phase and a second, fast cooling phase to a protective gas. The temperature of the protective gas is reduced during the first phase down to an intermediate temperature and in the second phase from the intermediate temperature to a final temperature. A first heat exchanger transfers the thermal energy of the protective gas by an oil circuit and a second heat exchanger to a working medium, and which evaporates and is fed to a steam motor, which converts the thermal energy contained in the working medium into energy.

id-WO2013167932A1    abstract-The invention concerns an internal combustion engine arrangement for a vehicle, comprising: - an internal combustion engine (2), an intake line (3) capable of carrying intake gases towards the engine (2) and an exhaust line (4) capable of collecting exhaust gases from said engine (2); - a waste heat recovery system (5) carrying a working fluid in a loop, in which said working fluid is successively compressed, heated in a heat exchanger (6) by means of at least one engine fluid, and expanded in a first expander (7); - a first compressor (10) located in said intake line (3), characterized in that the first compressor (10) is mechanically connected to the first expander (7) of the waste heat recovery system (5).

id-JP2013238332A    abstract-[problem] we provide an operation control system for a circulating fluidized bed boiler that can control multiple setting items to optimize multiple indicator items of a circulating fluidized bed boiler. The operation control system is based on the comparison between the input value SV3 of each set item of multiple indicator items and the measured value of each set item of multiple indicator items. The bayesian network inference unit 39, which calculates the adjustment value SV2 used to adjust the input value SV1 of the selected selection setting item while selecting the part; The input value adjustment part 51 is transmitted to the boiler adjustment meter 27 as the input value SV3 of the selection setting item. The bayesian network inference unit 39 performs the operation using the bayesian network to calculate the adjusted value SV2. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-US9388976B2    abstract-A combustor including a housing, an injector body, insulation, an air/fuel premix injector, a hot surface igniter, a fuel injector and a burner. The housing forms a main combustion chamber. The injector body is coupled within the housing and the injector body includes an initial combustion chamber. The insulation lines the initial combustion chamber. The air/fuel premix injector is configured and arranged to dispense a flow of air/fuel mixture into the initial combustion chamber. The hot surface igniter is configured and arranged to heat up and ignite the air/fuel mixture in the initial combustion chamber. The fuel injector dispenses a flow of fuel and the burner dispenses a flow of air. The flow of fuel from the fuel injector and the flow of air from the burner are ignited in the main combustion chamber by the ignition of the air/fuel mixture in the initial combustion chamber.

id-WO2014000775A1    abstract-The invention relates to a Verdampfer evaporating froth (1)(4), in particular to an Abwarmenutzungsvorrichtung Brennkraftmaschine conversion Kanalplattenanordnung One of the Stapelrichtung (2)(3) looks good, while every two adjacent Kanalplattenanordnungen(2) a Gaspfad is trained mainly by a gas (6)(7) fuhrbar is the result of liquid evaporation (4) The heat required is zufuhrbar Each channel layout (2) comprises a liquid input (8), a steam transport (9), and a pipe (11) connecting a liquid input (8) to a steam transport (9) to generate a plurality of oriented evaporation pipes (12) for the liquid to be evaporated. Efficiency is increased when the piping (11) in the evaporating part has an increasing number of flow conduits (4) in at least one of the evaporation pools (12) in the evaporating part.
id-WO2014003930A3    abstract-Certain embodiments of the invention may include systems, methods, and apparatus for determining online stress and life consumption of a heat recovery steam generator (HRSG 122). According to an example embodiment of the invention, a method for assessing components of a HRSG is provided. The method includes receiving HRSG design parameters (128); determining thermal stress data associated with the one or more HRSG components based at least in part on one or more historical, real-time, or calculated temperature sensor (120) data associated with the one or more HRSG components; and determining cycle-related life consumption data associated with the one or more HRSG components based at least in part on the HRSG design parameters and the determined thermal stress data.

id-US9795940B2    abstract-A drag chain carbonizer is provided with a system and methods for anaerobic thermal transformation processing to convert waste into various solid carbonized products and varied further co-products. The drag-chain carbonizer includes an adjustable bed depth mechanism, a heating mechanism, a pressure management mechanism, and a chain tensioning mechanism containing at least one position sensor for communication of an actuator position to at least one programmable logic controller (PLC). Carbonaceous waste is transformed into useful co-products that can be re-introduced into the stream of commerce at various economically advantageous points. Depending upon the input materials and the parameters selected to process the waste, including real time economic and other market parameters, the system adjusts co-products output to reflect changing market conditions.

id-US9702541B2    abstract-Provided is an inexpensive and simple solar power system. A solar power system according to the present invention includes: a heat collection apparatus ( 2, 4 ); a steam turbine ( 5 ), a power generator ( 16 ); a superheated steam supply line which supplies the steam turbine with superheated steam generated by the heat collection apparatus; a water supply line which condenses the steam expelled from the steam turbine into water and supplies the condensed water to the heat collection apparatus; a heat storage device ( 8 ) which has a heat storage medium; a first line which branches from the superheated steam supply line and which supplies the heat storage device with the superheated steam flowing through the superheated steam supply line; a second line which branches from the water supply line and which supplies the heat storage device with the water flowing through the water supply line; and a third line which supplies the steam turbine with superheated steam generated by the heat storage device. The heat storage device stores the heat of the superheated steam which has flowed through the first line in the heat storage medium, and heats the water which has flowed through the second line with the heat storage medium to thereby generate the superheated steam.

id-US9551241B2    abstract-To provide a waste heat recovery power generation plant for sintering facility capable of efficiently recovering a waste heat of a sintering machine in addition to that of a sintered-ore cooler, while restraining that sulfuric anhydride contained in an exhaust gas of the sintering machine forms drops. An SM boiler is configured to heat all of or a part of hot water generated by an SC boiler, by introducing a high temperature part of an exhaust gas of a sintering machine. At this time, a temperature of the hot water to be supplied to the SM boiler is controlled such that a temperature of an exhaust gas at an exhaust-gas temperature of the SM boiler is maintained at a temperature higher than an acid dew point.

id-WO2014005476A1    abstract-A co-flow boiler flue gas waste heat recovery system comprises a first and a second heat exchanger, the first heat exchanger is arranged on the high temperature side of the flue, including an endothermic section, and a heat release section, the endothermic section and the exothermic section are connected into a circulation loop through the first pipeline, the endothermic section is arranged in the flue; The second heat exchanger is arranged on the low temperature side of the flue, and the second heat exchanger comprises an inlet header and an outlet header of the second pipe; The first heat exchanger and the second heat exchanger are connected through the third pipe, the heat release section of the first heat exchanger is placed in the third pipe, and the heating medium flows into the third pipe and then enters the second heat exchanger through the inlet manifold of the second heat exchanger and flows out through the outlet manifold of the second heat exchanger, the waste heat recovery system can reduce the smoke temperature to a lower level. The space of energy saving recovery of boiler flue gas waste heat is greatly improved, the temperature of boiler flue gas entering desulfurization and dust removal equipment is reduced, and the operating cost of desulfurization equipment is saved.
id-US20180056262A1    abstract-A drag chain carbonizer is provided with a system and methods for anaerobic thermal conversion processing to convert waste into various solid carbonized products and varied further co-products. The drag-chain carbonizer includes an adjustable bed depth mechanism, a heating mechanism, a pressure management mechanism, an atmospheric management mechanism, and a chain tensioning mechanism containing at least one position sensor for communication of an actuator position to at least one programmable logic controller (PLC). Carbonaceous waste is transformed into useful co-products that can be re-introduced into the stream of commerce at various economically advantageous points. Depending upon the input materials and the parameters selected to process the waste, including real time economic and other market parameters, the system adjusts co-products output to reflect changing market conditions.

id-US20210040391A1    abstract-A coke plant includes multiple coke ovens where each coke oven is adapted to produce exhaust gases, a common tunnel fluidly connected to the plurality of coke ovens and configured to receive the exhaust gases from each of the coke ovens, multiple standard heat recovery steam generators fluidly connected to the common tunnel where the ratio of coke ovens to standard heat recovery steam generators is at least 20:1, and a redundant heat recovery steam generator fluidly connected to the common tunnel where any one of the plurality of standard heat recovery steam generators and the redundant heat recovery steam generator is adapted to receive the exhaust gases from the plurality of ovens and extract heat from the exhaust gases and where the standard heat recovery steam generators and the redundant heat recovery steam generator are all connected in parallel with each other.

id-US9404394B2    abstract-A thermal/electrical power converter includes a gas turbine with an input couplable to an output of an inert gas thermal power source, a compressor including an output couplable to an input of the inert gas thermal power source, and a generator coupled to the gas turbine. The thermal/electrical power converter also includes a heat exchanger with an input coupled to an output of the gas turbine and an output coupled to an input of the compressor. The heat exchanger includes a series-coupled super-heater heat exchanger, a boiler heat exchanger and a water preheater heat exchanger. The thermal/electrical power converter also includes a reservoir tank and reservoir tank control valves configured to regulate a power output of the thermal/electrical power converter.

id-US11035292B2    abstract-A power generation system includes an inert gas power source, a thermal/electrical power converter and a power plant. The thermal/electrical power converter includes a compressor with an output coupled to an input of the inert gas power source. The power plant has an input coupled in series with an output of the thermal/electrical power converter. The thermal/electrical power converter and the power plant are configured to serially convert thermal power produced at an output of the inert gas power source into electricity. The thermal/electrical power converter includes an inert gas reservoir tank coupled to an input of the compressor via a reservoir tank control valve and to the output of the compressor via another reservoir tank control valve. The reservoir tank control valve and the another reservoir tank control valve are configured to regulate a temperature of the output of the thermal/electrical power converter.

id-US20160319197A1    abstract-A coke oven includes an oven chamber, an uptake duct in fluid communication with the oven chamber, the uptake duct being configured to receive exhaust gases from the oven chamber, an uptake damper in fluid communication with the uptake duct, the uptake damper being positioned at any one of multiple positions, the uptake damper configured to control an oven draft, an actuator configured to alter the position of the uptake damper between the positions in response to a position instruction, a sensor configured to detect an operating condition of the coke oven, wherein the sensor includes one of a draft sensor, a temperature sensor configured to detect an uptake duct temperature or a sole flue temperature, and an oxygen sensor, and a controller being configured to provide the position instruction to the actuator in response to the operating condition detected by the sensor.

id-US9587827B2    abstract-A carbon monoxide (CO) boiler or steam generator having a water cooled CO boiler floor with screen gas distribution inlet to enhance distribution of CO gas in a CO boiler. Either the front or rear wall tubes of the steam generator form an integral screen and the tubes continue, forming a membraned, gas tight enclosure. The floor has a “knee” to redirect the incoming waste CO gas up into the integral screen. The screen may be provided with tube erosion shields to prevent erosion of the screen tubes and to control the distribution of waste gas across the plan area of the furnace.

id-US8684072B2    abstract-A gas generator has an elongate combustion housing shaped to fit within a borehole for generating gasses in the borehole for use in the recovery of petroleum products. The gas generator includes a plurality of annular cooling jacket segments that surround the elongate combustion housing, each of the annular cooling jacket segments having an inlet port and an outlet port for allowing water to flow therethrough. A plurality of apertures through the elongate combustion housing allow water to flow from the plurality of annular cooling jacket segments into the elongate combustion chamber.

id-US20150252692A1    abstract-In an ORC energy converter with parallel preheaters and evaporators different waste heat streams of an internal combustion engine are utilized with parallel evaporators in a common ORC energy converter. The ORC energy converter with parallel evaporators has the same working fluid for each evaporator and the working fluid is separated after the pre-feed system or the feed system and the flows are mixed after the evaporators or at the condenser inlet. Also the working fluid sides of the evaporators can be combined so that only the heat source sides are separated.

id-US20150292732A1    abstract-The present invention provides a process for power recovery in a process for producing ethylene, comprising steam cracking a hydrocarbon feed to produce a cracked gas product; cooling the cracked gas product by indirect heat exchange with high pressure liquid water to obtain cooled cracked gas product while evaporating the high pressure liquid water to high pressure steam; expanding the high pressure steam in a first steam expansion turbine to produce power and to obtain medium pressure steam; heating at least part of the medium pressure steam to increase the temperature of the medium pressure steam by passing the medium pressure steam through a convection zone of the cracking furnace and retrieving reheated medium pressure steam from the convection zone; expanding at least part of the reheated medium pressure steam in a second steam expansion turbine to produce power and to obtain low pressure steam.

id-US20140048021A1    abstract-Methods for retrofitting vaporizers to have lances of a different cross sectional shape than lances previously installed in the vaporizers without having to carry out extensive modifications to manifolds that are attached to the lances or without using coupling tubes that transition from a first cross sectional shape to a second cross sectional shape. Plated lances for retrofitting a vaporizer. The plated lances include lances connected to a plate having an orifice configured so that fluid flows through the orifice into a lumen of the lance.

id-WO2014047685A1    abstract-The invention provides methods of generating electric power from underground coal seams with capture of carbon dioxide.

id-WO2014041037A2    abstract-According to this design, an energy generator is a power supply unit used to convert energy and natural gas into energy/heat. The device has an electric stove, which is used to heat a thermal energy device, a thermal transmission device is used to heat a thermal energy device, a thermal transmission device can regulate the gas in electricity and heat, and a thermal transmission device is used to heat the gas of the sensor. There will also be a tax authority. Controlling Steuereinrichtung will be related to the case of the energy Stromheizeinrichtung Kraftwarmekopplungseinrichtung and/or Gasheizeinrichtung during the visit, then automatically operate the Stromheizeinrichtung Kraftwarmekopplungseinrichtung and/or Gasheizeinrichtung training pilot to provide the required heat and/or Strommenge. From this point of view, tax agencies have developed sufficiently to provide the required heat and/or electricity from different perspectives so that, at least where needed, the consumption of an energy producer can be increased or decreased.
id-EP2711507A2    abstract-A combined-cycle plant, which may be used on thermal power stations, comprisng a gas turbine unit (1), a waste-heat steam boiler (6) connected with it along the gas circuit by transitional waste-heat flue and comprising two or more steam-water lines of different pressure levels, a steam turbine unit (10) connected to the steam-water lines by steam and water pipes, a condenser (13), a condensate pump (14), a feed pump (20), a deaerator (18), a waste gas flue, a smoke flue and junction pipes. The steam turbine unit contains a steam turbine of one pressure level. The steam-water line of lower pressure level of the waste-heat boiler is connected with the adjacent steam water line of higher pressure level by jet apparatus. The technical result is the downsizing of a combined-cycle plant while increasing its reliability.

id-US20140090377A1    abstract-An electric generating system employing a nuclear reactor to heat feedwater prior to fossil fueled boiler and superheater sections to economically produce electricity with reduced greenhouse gas and other polluting emissions

id-EP2711069A2    abstract-In accordance with this process: Flue gases to be purified (1) are successively sent to a heat exchanger (101), which cools the flue gases by at least 20°C and not more than 100°C and produces a flow of superheated water and/or water vapour (4), then to a gas-solid separator (201), a major fraction (6) of the superheated water and/or water vapour flow, representing between 80% and 98% by mass, is introduced, at a temperature between 120°C and 220°C, In an electric generating unit (301) operating in an organic fluid Rankine cycle and used as an incoming hot source for generating electricity, and the remaining fraction (5) of the superheated water and/or water vapour flow is sent to an activation reactor (401) which is fed at least by a recirculated fraction (10) of solid residues (8) collected by the gas-solid separator.
id-US20140137779A1    abstract-Substantially pure high pressure steam is produced within a high pressure heat exchanger. Heat for the high pressure heat exchanger is provided from an outlet of an oxy-fuel combustion gas generator which discharges a steam/CO 2  mixture at high pressure and temperature. The gas generator combusts oxygen and hydrocarbon fuel and mixes with water which can include contaminates therein in the form of dissolved solids or hydrocarbons. A separator is typically provided downstream of the gas generator and upstream of the heat exchanger and the steam/CO 2  mixture is discharged from the gas generator at saturation temperature. A water fraction of the steam/CO 2  mixture is discharged from the separator along with dissolved solids in concentrated brine form. The water heated into steam by the heat exchanger can be at least partially water separated within a condenser downstream of the heat exchanger.

id-US20140110109A1    abstract-Systems and methods generate steam from produced water by passing the produced water through first and second steam generators coupled together. The first steam generator produces wet steam in which a liquid effluent with impurities of the produced water passes to the second steam generator. The second steam generator combusts fuel and oxidant in direct contact with the liquid effluent. The first and second steam generators limit fouling and waste while providing a combined steam output that may include combustion products from only the second steam generator.

id-WO2014064484A1    abstract-The vehicle (1) comprises: - a chassis (2) having an average plane (P) which is substantially horizontal when the vehicle is on a substantially horizontal ground; - an internal combustion engine (4) and an exhaust line (12) collecting exhaust gases from said engine; - a Rankine system (13), comprising a tank (15) for a working fluid, said working fluid flowing in a loop and being successively evaporated in a heat exchanger (16) by heat exchange with the exhaust gases, expanded in an expander (17), condensed in a condenser (18) and compressed in a pump (19). With respect to a direction (Z) that is substantially orthogonal to the chassis average plane (P), the condenser (18) is installed higher than the tank (15), and the tank (15) is installed higher than the pump (19).

id-WO2014065158A1    abstract-In order to provide a combined cycle power plant that can suppress the increase in power generation costs, the first power plant that generates steam from solar heat, the second power plant that generates steam from a boiler, the first power plant equipped with steam turbines and generators (64,65), and the first power plant plastic The plant is equipped with a low temperature heating device (13), a brackish water separation device (4), and a high temperature heating device (14) that overheats the steam separated by a brackish water separation device (4) with solar heat. 10b), a water supply pump (11), and a water supply heater (12) for heating water from the water supply pump (11) with steam extracted from the steam turbine. In the first generation mode using the first power plant, the medium pressure turbine (61) and the low pressure turbine (62) generate power. In the second generation mode using the second power plant, the high pressure turbine (60), the medium pressure turbine (61) and the low pressure turbine (62) generate power. It is powered by a turbine (62).
id-US20140116049A1    abstract-A system includes a first steam generator configured to generate a first boiler feedwater, a second steam generator configured to generate a second boiler feedwater, a common boiler feedwater configured to combine the first boiler feedwater and the second boiler feedwater to produce a common boiler feedwater, and a heater configured to receive the common boiler feedwater to heat a gas.

id-US20140099591A1    abstract-A duct burner assembly for a HRSG having a casing that defines a combustion chamber with a liner for communicating an exhaust gas. A firing runner attaches to the liner and extends through the combustion chamber. The firing runner defines a plurality of orifices for emitting combustible gas and sustaining a flame. A flame stabilizer attaches to the firing runner and is configured to at least partially shield the plurality of orifices from the exhaust gas. A guide plate attaches to the firing runner and is configured to define a slot between the liner and the guide plate. The guide plate has an upstream end and a downstream end wherein the downstream end is closer to the lining than the upstream end to reduce turbulent flow of the exhaust gas through the slot and cool the liner.

id-JP2014089023A    abstract-[issues] we provide boilers that can improve the heat recovery rate from combustion gas and make it compact. The solution includes an air heater 50 for heat exchange between the combustion air circulating the air supply pipe 60 and the combustion gas circulating the air supply pipe 80. The air supply pipe 80 has a downward exhaust path part 83 extending up and down, and the air supply pipe 60 is a blower. The air heater 50 is arranged in the part where the downward exhaust part 83 and the second upward exhaust part 63 are located. The second upward exhaust part 63 extends upward from the connection side with 30 and is parallel to the downward exhaust part 83. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2014068322A1    abstract-Embodiments of the present invention provide cleaning apparatus (200) comprising: an applicator portion (201) having a fluid delivery outlet through which cleaning fluid heated in a boiler (210) may be dispensed; a boiler (210) through which a flow of cleaning fluid may be established from a fluid source (202) to the fluid delivery outlet of the applicator portion (201); and a heater portion (220), the boiler (210 comprising a heater conduit through which a flow of heated gases generated by the heater portion (220) may be established thereby to heat cleaning fluid in the boiler (210), the boiler (210 comprising a pair of hollow tubes being an inner tube arranged to pass through an outer tube, the boiler (210) being arranged wherein cleaning fluid to be heated may be heated in a reservoir provided between the tubes, the inner tube defining at least a portion of the heater conduit.

id-US9500159B2    abstract-An electricity generation unit  1 A includes a combustor  11 , a heater  13 , and a Rankine cycle circuit  20 . The combustor  11  combusts a solid fuel. A combustion gas generated in the combustor  11  passes through a flue  12 . The heater  13  contains a heat storage material, and heats the heat storage material by allowing heat exchange to take place between the combustion gas in the flue  12  and the heat storage material. The Rankine cycle circuit  20  has an evaporator  21  that evaporates a working fluid in the Rankine cycle by allowing heat exchange to take place between the heat storage material heated in the heater  13  and the working fluid. With this configuration, stable operation of an electricity generation unit using a combustion gas of a solid fuel is achieved.

id-EP2725207A1    abstract-About the invention of a power plant (1), aufweisend and brenntechnischem Abgas businessman abgebende Verbrennungseinrichtung(2), Synthesegas for production Dampfreformer (10) (61) through the reform for the first time as a kohlenwasserstoffhaltigen Brennstoffs (60) and water (70), at the same time Verbrennungseinrichtung Dampfreformer(10) and (2) so warmetechnische verschaltet was in the enterprise brenntechnischem Dampfreformer Verbrennungseinrichtung(2)(10) Enthusiastic Abgas Verbrennungseinrichtung can feed (2) while continuing to be composed of Gasspeicher(20), which fluidtechnisch Dampfreformer(10) is Zwischenspeicherung Synthesegases verschaltet. (61)
id-JP6243700B2    abstract-

