id-US10161268B2    abstract-A damper assembly for minimizing heat loss through an exhaust stack includes a housing mountable within the stack and an umbrella received within the housing. The umbrella is selectively movable between a first position in which the umbrella is received within the housing, and second position in which the umbrella is extended from the housing such that a peripheral edge of the umbrella is in close association with an interior sidewall of the exhaust stack to minimize a flow of fluid past the umbrella and out of the stack.

id-EP3199775B1    abstract-

id-US10711993B2    abstract-An exhaust heat recovery device includes: a main passage through which an exhaust gas containing a corrosive component flows; a boiler which heats a heat medium using the exhaust gas; a bypass passage connected to the main passage so as to detour around the boiler; a regulation valve member which regulates a flow rate of the exhaust gas flowing into the boiler; a heat medium circuit which circulates the heat medium that is heated to be in a hot-water state by the boiler; a binary electricity generation device which recovers thermal energy from the heat medium in the heat medium circuit and generates electricity; and a valve control unit which controls an opening of the regulation valve member such that a temperature of the exhaust gas passed through the boiler is equal to or higher than a temperature of an acid dew-point of the corrosive component in the exhaust gas.

id-WO2017141798A1    abstract-The furnace wall has a high durability and simple structure, even in the environment where the atmosphere or temperature is different between the inside and outside of the wall, and provides gasification device and furnace wall production method with this. The gasification device is made of the first material, the cooling medium flows inside, and consists of multiple pipes arranged side by side. At least part of the gasification furnace wall is laminated around each of the multiple pipes, and the second material is more corrosion-resistant than the pipes. There are the outer circumference part, the plate material arranged between the outer circumference part and the adjacent outer circumference part, and the welding part connecting the outer circumference part and the plate material. The outer circumference part and the plate material form a wall separating the internal space from the external space, and the outer circumference part covers the whole area in the circumferential direction of multiple pipes. It is covered.
id-WO2017139948A1    abstract-The utility model relates to an automatic thermal power device using closed-loop control technology, which comprises a central control device, a gas turbine power generation mechanism, a waste gas treatment mechanism and a waste heat recovery mechanism connected in turn. The gas turbine power generation mechanism comprises an intake pipeline (1), a gas turbine generator set and a gas channel (4); The gas turbine generator set comprises a transmission connected gas turbine (2) and a first generator (3); Both the intake pipe (1) and the gas channel (4) are connected to the gas turbine (2); The waste heat recovery mechanism includes a waste heat recovery mechanism (8), a steam turbine power generation mechanism and a condensing mechanism; The turbine power generation mechanism comprises a transmission connected steam turbine (10) and a second generator (11); The condensing mechanism and the waste heat recovery mechanism (8) are communicated with the steam turbine (10); The exhaust gas treatment mechanism comprises an exhaust damper (6), a first chimney (5) and a second chimney (7); The first chimney (5) and the second chimney (7) are communicated with the exhaust damper (6); The gas turbine power generation mechanism is communicated with the waste heat recovery mechanism through the exhaust damper (6); The first chimney (5) and the second chimney (7) are provided with activated carbon; The waste heat recovery mechanism (8) is provided with a temperature sensor (15) and a valve (14), both of which are electrically connected with a central control device. The automatic thermal power unit realizes the hierarchical treatment of gas, thus improving the reliability of the treatment of waste gas impurities and reducing the pollution to the environment.
id-EP3203149A1    abstract-Combined-cycle co-generation process and installation adapted for same, the installation comprising a combustion unit (100) and a Heat Recovery Steam Generator (100) connected to the hot exhaust gas outlet (107) of the combustion unit, the HRSG (200) having a fuel inlet (211) and a combustion oxidant inlet (214) for combusting fuel with combustion oxidizer inside the HRSG (200) by means of a supplementary fire burner (210), the installation further comprising an oxidant preheater (200) adapted for heating combustion oxidant (60) upstream of the combustion oxidant inlet (214) by heat exchange with process water (40).

id-EP3401516B1    abstract-

id-WO2017170661A1    abstract-It is a waste incinerator with a heat recovery boiler. The stoker-type waste incinerator has a combustion chamber, a first flue, an upper turning part (31) and a second flue (22), and has a partition wall (44) and a ceiling wall (45, 46). The waste heat recovery boiler has a final superheater (82) consisting of multiple double tubes (57). Multiple double ceiling walls (82) of the pipe runs (45, 46) of the second smoke road (22) above the part (46), through the vertical direction with are hung. The double tube (82) has an inner tube (83) for transmitting steam and an outer tube (84) for encrojecting the inner tube (83) and transmitting steam in the opposite direction to the inner tube (83). The outer tube (84) has a curved bottom at its lower end to fold the steam sent to its lower end. The partition wall (44) blocks the direct radiant heat from the combustion chamber from reaching the end superheater (57).
id-US9810129B2    abstract-A system for recovering waste heat energy for a motor assisted turbocharger, including a turbine, a first power transmission device connected on a first side to the turbine, a drive gear disposed about and connected on a first side to a second side of the first power transmission device, a second power transmission device connected on a first side to a second side of the drive gear, and a compressor connected to a second side of the second power transmission device. The system further includes a motor gear drivingly connected to the drive gear, a motor generator connected to the motor gear, a waste heat recovery circuit including an expander, an output gear connected to the expander and drivingly connected to the motor gear.

id-US10408128B2    abstract-A system for generating electricity, heat, and desalinated water having a gas turbine system connected to a first electric generator, a waste heat recovery boiler (WHRB) system, a combined heat and power (CHP) generation system connected to a second electric generator, one or more solar powered energy systems, and a desalination system. The desalination system is connected to the CHP generation system and the WHRB system. The gas turbine system generates electricity and heat, the WHRB system is connected to and uses the exhaust of the gas turbine system to provide heat and steam power to the CHP generation system. The CHP generation system produces and provides electricity and heat to the desalination system, which produces product water, and at least one solar powered energy system provides thermal energy to one or more of the gas turbine system, the WHRB system, the CHP generation system, and the desalination system.

id-WO2017191676A1    abstract-The purpose of the present invention is to reduce the effect of the failure of the heat exchanger on the energy saving in the mechanism of recovering the heat energy of the exhaust gas of the prime motor of the mobile body through the heat exchanger. The heat supply system 1 of the invention includes an economizer 12, which recovers heat from the exhaust gas of the mobile motor 11, and an economizer 22, which recovers heat from the exhaust gas passing through the economizer 12. The steam heated by the heat recovered by the economizer 22 is compressed by the compressor 25 and then combined with the steam heated by the heat recovered by the economizer 22 and fed to the heat utilization device 15. In the case that the economizer 22 is malfunctioning due to low temperature corrosion, etc., the exhaust gas is discharged out of the mobile body via path 34 that bypasses the economizer 22.
id-WO2017219656A1    abstract-The utility model relates to a combined cycle system of steam turbines in a gas turbine pressurized water reactor. The combined cycle system is composed of a heavy gas turbine and a pressurized water reactor steam turbine. The main steam temperature of the second circuit is raised from 272.8℃ by the heat from the gas turbine tail gas. The main steam temperature of the second circuit runs between 272.8℃ and 630℃. The thermal efficiency of combined cycle system of gas turbine pressurized water reactor is higher than that of steam turbine of prior art pressurized water reactor. The thermal efficiency of the combined cycle system of gas turbine pressurized water reactor is significantly higher than that of the combined cycle of gas and steam.
id-US10577242B2    abstract-The present invention discloses a device and method for generating high-purity hydrogen by biomass pyrolysis-chemical looping combustion. The device comprises a biomass pyrolysis unit, a chemical looping hydrogen generation unit and a waste heat recovery unit; the biomass pyrolysis unit comprises a vertical bin, a screw feeder, a rotary kiln pyrolysis reactor and a high temperature filter; the chemical looping hydrogen generation unit comprises a path switching system of intake gas end, at least one packed bed reactor and a path switching system of tail gas end, wherein the packed bed reactor is composed of three parallel packed bed reactors I, II and III, which are continuously subjected to fuel reduction-steam oxidation-air combustion stages (steam purging stage) successively; the waste heat recovery unit comprises a waste heat boiler, a cooler and a gas-liquid separator. According to the present invention, a process flow of generating hydrogen from biomass is short, high-purity hydrogen can be obtained by simple condensation and water removal of a hydrogen-containing product that is generated after entrance of a pyrolysis gas into the chemical looping hydrogen generation unit, no complex gas purification device is employed, and the costs for hydrogen generation are low.

id-US10954854B2    abstract-A hybrid power plant system including a gas turbine system and a coal fired boiler system inputs high oxygen content gas turbine flue gas into the coal fired boiler system, said gas turbine flue gas also including carbon dioxide that is desired to be captured rather than released to the atmosphere. Oxygen in the gas turbine flue gas is consumed in the coal fired boiler, resulting in relatively low oxygen content boiler flue gas stream to be processed. Carbon dioxide, originally included in the gas turbine flue gas, is subsequently captured by the post combustion capture apparatus of the coal fired boiler system, along with carbon diode generated by the burning of coal. The supply of gas turbine flue gas which is input into the boiler system is controlled using dampers and/or fans by a controller based on an oxygen sensor measurement and one or more flow rate measurements.

id-JP2017219292A    abstract-[problem] we provide a exhaust heat recovery system that can recover exhaust heat continuously even if the steam drum used as a brackish water separator of the exhaust gas economizer fails. [solution] the first auxiliary boiler 5a with the first steam drum 5a2 and the first exhaust gas economizer 3 with the high-pressure steam generator 3a and the low-pressure steam generator 3b arranged from upstream to downstream of the exhaust gas flow from the main Marine unit 2. The second auxiliary boiler and 5b having steam drum 5b2, the first circulation channel connected so that the first steam drum 5a2 is used as a brackish water separator for the first steam generator 3a, and the second steam drum 5b2 as a brackish water separator for the second steam generator 3b. The second circulation channel connected in such a way as to use the second circulation channel, the third circulation channel connected in such a way as to use the second steam drum 5b2 as a brackish water separator for high-pressure steam generator 3a, and the switching valve that makes the first circulation channel in the non-circulation state and the third circulation channel in the circulation state It has TV1 to TV3 and check valves CV1 to CV6. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20180023804A1    abstract-A system and method of generating steam from a emulsion stream produced from a reservoir via thermal recovery. The system includes a heat exchanger for adjusting the emulsion to a first temperature; at least one separation device for separating water from the emulsion at the first temperature to obtain produced water; and a high pressure evaporator for receiving the produced water at the first temperature and generating steam using the produced water. Also, an evaporator includes a vapor drum; a heating element in fluid communication with the vapor drum, said heating element receiving the water stream; a heating source for vaporizing the water stream for generating steam; and a bubble generator for generating bubbles and injecting generated bubbles into the heating element.

id-US20210199024A1    abstract-The present disclosure relates to an exhaust gas cooling device and method, and more particularly, to a device and method for installing an exhaust gas cooling device on the upper end of a duct of a heat recovery steam generator to cheaply cool the exhaust gas without occupying an additional dedicated area.      An object of the present disclosure is to reduce the costs using a cheap cooling device in the cooling path for cooling the exhaust gas.      In one aspect, the exhaust gas cooling device includes an exhaust gas cooling unit located on the upper end of a duct of a heat recovery steam generator connected with a gas turbine and for cooling the exhaust gas discharged from the gas turbine; and a control unit for controlling the exhaust gas cooling unit to lower the increase rate of the energy of the exhaust gas flowed into the heat recovery steam generator through the duct.

id-JP6839282B2    abstract-

id-JP2019526902A    abstract-Fuel cell system (200) includes fuel cell (102) with anode and cathode, water recovery system (114) configured to reuse water from anode exhaust and water recovery system (114) A heat exchanger (122) configured to transfer heat to water from the lower section (209) and an opening (211a) configured to allow fuel and steam to pass from the lower section (209) to the upper section (210). A saturator (208) with an upper section (210) and a lower section (209) separated by a divider (211) to delimit. The lower section (209) receives water from the fuel and water recovery unit (114) from the fuel source (103), and the upper section (210) receives water from the fuel and heat exchanger (122) from the lower section (209). Receive. Select diagram: figure 3
id-US11236594B2    abstract-A process for in situ thermal recovery of hydrocarbons from a reservoir is provided. The process includes: providing an oxygen-enriched mixture, fuel, feedwater and an additive including at least one of ammonia, urea and a volatile amine to a Direct-Contact Steam Generator (DCSG); operating the DCSG, including contacting the feedwater and the additive with hot combustion gas to obtain a steam-based mixture including steam, CO 2  and the additive; injecting the steam-based mixture or a stream derived from the steam-based mixture into the reservoir to mobilize the hydrocarbons therein; and producing a produced fluid including the hydrocarbons.

id-US20200032675A1    abstract-A system for providing supercritical steam including a first boiler that generates steam via combusting a first fuel, and a second boiler fluidly connected to the first boiler via a conduit which heats the generated steam to supercritical steam temperatures via combusting a second fuel. A first temperature of the conduit may be below a critical corrosion temperature and a second temperature of the conduit is greater than or equal to the critical corrosion temperature. A combined carbon emission rate of the first boiler and the second boiler may be less than a combined carbon emission rate of generating and heating the steam to supercritical steam temperatures using boilers that only combust the first fuel. The first boiler may be fluidly connected to a heat exchanger that heats the generated steam to a supercritical steam temperature via a flue gas produced by a gas turbine.

id-JP2019533056A    abstract-The straight fin body (1) and a group of v-shaped notch (2) arranged on the straight fin body (1) are included. The depth h of v-shaped notch (2) is less than the width h of the straight fin body (1), and the adjacent linear fin body (1) is placed in the vertical direction. V-shaped cutout (2) linear fins for crude gas residual heat recovery and heat acquisition equipment in coke furnace riser tubes where the distance between the cutout increases from the bottom to the top. Heat acquisition equipment and power generation equipment including straight fin are also provided. Linear fins are simple in structure, low in cost, and easy to use, and the heat transfer performance of the crude gas side is greatly improved, and the wall temperature is improved. In addition, the width, Angle, and vertical spacing of the straight fin of the v-shaped notch (2) are determined according to the distribution of the temperature field at the time of use. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US10626790B2    abstract-A distributed Biogas Combined Heat and Power (CHP) Generator can provide automatically hot water and electricity for local applications. Since biogas is produced by an anaerobic digester from human, animal, kitchen and agriculture's wastes, it is a short term recycled product from the photosynthesis of CO2, and has a net zero carbon emission. The sulfur compounds in the biogas can be removed by the following steps: (1), converting all sulfur compounds into H2S by the hydrogen produced from the biogas over Pt group metal catalysts; (2). adsorbing the H2S at high temperature by the regenerable Pt group metal catalyst and adsorbents. The desulfurized biogas is further converted by an ATR/CPO reformer or a steam generating reformer to produce various reformates, which can be connected to a downstream 1C engine/gas turbine, and/or a steam turbine to drive electric generators for generating electricity. The hot reformate and the exhaust gases can be cooled in heat exchangers to produce hot water/hot air.

id-WO2018088251A1    abstract-The invention relates to extending the life of boiler water pipes (heat transfer pipes) of general waste incinerator boilers, etc. The base material of the boiler water pipe of the waste incinerator is covered with thermal spray film. Thermal spray coatings are composed of stacked flat metal particles, and have a dense Ni (nickel) structure to fill the gaps between these metal particles.
