id-US8955467B1    abstract-A steam boiler includes a boiler housing. A helical coil for boiling water and superheating the wet steam is disposed within the boiler housing. A burner emits combustion gases which heat a heat emitter which is disposed in the inner space of the helical coil. Combustion gases from the burner enter the internal cavity of the heat emitter and then pass through perforations in the heat emitter before contacting the helical coil. As such, the heat emitter is heated by the combustion gases and serves as a radiant heat source for the helical coil.
id-KR20140104681A    abstract-본 발명은 유동화된 연료가 연소되는 연소로, 상기 유동화된 연료의 연소로 인해 발생되는 배가스 및 고체 입자들을 상기 연소로로부터 받아 상기 고체 입자들과 상기 배가스를 분리하는 분리기, 상기 분리기에 위해 분리된 배가스가 포함하는 열을 회수하기 위한 열 회수부, 상기 열 회수부와 상기 분리기를 연결하는 배출 덕트, 상기 열 회수부를 통과하는 배가스가 포함하는 열을 회수하기 위해 상기 열 회수부에 설치되는 제1과열기, 및 상기 배출 덕트 내부를 통과하는 배가스가 포함하는 열을 회수하기 위해 상기 배출 덕트에 설치되는 제2과열기를 포함하고, 상기 제1과열기와 상기 제2과열기는 서로 연결되는 것을 특징으로 하는 순환 유동층 보일러에 관한 것으로, 본 발명에 따르면, 배출 덕트에 제2과열기를 설치하고, 분리기에 제3과열기를 설치함으로써, 배가스가 포함하는 열을 최대한 회수하여, 이에 따라 열 효율을 향상시킬 수 있다.
id-US10215399B2    abstract-A small supercritical once-through steam generator (OTSG) includes a radiant section with a furnace coil, and a convection section downstream of the radiant section that includes a superheater which is fluidically connected to the furnace coil. Optionally, the OTSG is devoid of a steam separator. An economizer can also be included downstream of the superheater. Supercritical steam can be generated using the OTSG, for use, among other things, in enhanced oil recovery applications.
id-WO2015068087A1    abstract-A method of operating a combined heat and power plant (10) (CHP plant) includes generating hot flue gas in a hot flue gas generator (12) and cooling the hot flue gas in a sequence of cooling steps to recover heat and to generate steam in a heat recovery steam generator (16) (HRSG). The HRSG (16) includes an HP steam evaporator (26) downstream of the hot flue gas generator (12) in which HP steam is generated and in which the hot flue gas is cooled, at least one HP steam superheater (20, 22) between the hot flue gas generator (12) and the HP steam evaporator (26) in which at least HP steam from the HP steam evaporator is superheated and in which the hot flue gas is cooled, and an MP steam superheater (24) upstream of the HP steam evaporator (26) in which MP steam is superheated by the hot flue gas and in which hot flue gas is cooled.
