id-US20180216532A1    abstract-A gas turbine system includes an exhaust gas processing system that includes an exhaust stack having a first inlet and a first outlet. The first inlet is fluidly coupled to a second outlet of a cooler configured to direct the exhaust gas to the exhaust gas processing system via a first conduit extending between the exhaust stack and the cooler. The first conduit includes a first end configured to be directly coupled to the second outlet of the cooler and a second end configured to be directly coupled to the first inlet of the exhaust stack. The exhaust gas processing system also includes a carbon capture system disposed within the exhaust stack and configured to receive a carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) lean solvent, to remove CO 2  from the exhaust gas, to generate a CO 2 -rich solvent comprising the CO 2  removed from the exhaust gas, and to generate a treated exhaust gas.
id-US10724438B2    abstract-Apparatus and methods for heating pre-combustor air in a gas turbine engine are disclosed. In one embodiment, a gas turbine engine configured for heating the pre-combustor air comprises a compressor for pressurizing air received in the gas turbine engine; an electric heater configured to heat the compressed air; a combustor in which the heated compressed air is received, mixed with fuel and ignited for generating combustion gas; and a turbine for extracting energy from the combustion gas. Joule heating may be used to heat the compressed air upstream of the combustor.
id-US11359518B2    abstract-A combined cycle power plant is capable of improving power output and power generation efficiency by cooling intake air supplied to a gas turbine. The plant includes a gas turbine power generation system, an operating fluid power generation system, and a cooling system. The gas turbine power generation system includes an air compressor for compressing air supplied through an air incoming path, a gas turbine for generating rotary power by burning a mixture of fuel and the air compressed by the air compressor, and a first generator for generating electricity by using the rotary power of the gas turbine. The operating fluid power generation system heats an operating fluid by using combustion gas discharged from the gas turbine and generates electricity using the heated operating fluid. The cooling system cools air supplied from the air compressor by supplying the operating fluid to an upstream side of the air compressor.
id-US10495001B2    abstract-The present disclosure is directed to a propulsion system including an annular inner wall and an annular outer wall, a nozzle assembly, a turbine nozzle, and an inner casing and an outer casing. The inner wall and outer wall together extend at least partially along a longitudinal direction and together define a combustion chamber inlet, a combustion chamber outlet, and a combustion chamber therebetween. The nozzle assembly is disposed at the combustion inlet and provides a mixture of fuel and oxidizer to the combustion chamber. The turbine nozzle defines a plurality of airfoils in adjacent circumferential arrangement disposed at the combustion chamber outlet. The turbine nozzle is coupled to the outer wall and the inner wall. The inner casing is disposed inward of the inner wall and the outer casing is disposed outward of the outer wall. Each of the inner casing and the outer casing are coupled to the turbine nozzle. A primary flowpath is defined between the inner casing and the inner wall, through the turbine nozzle, and between the outer casing and the outer wall, and in fluid communication with the combustion chamber.
id-US20190024583A1    abstract-The present disclosure relates to systems and methods useful for power production utilizing direct combustion of a solid fuel, such as coal, biomass, or the like. The systems and methods can combine a first power producing cycle that is an open loop or semi-closed loop cycle with a second power producing cycle that is a closed loop cycle utilizing a recycled working fluid, preferably CO 2 . At least one stream from the open loop or semi-closed loop cycle can be used in a heating member to provide heat to the working fluid in the closed loop cycle. The solid fuel can be combusted at conditions facilitating easier removal of solids before a gaseous stream is treated and, optionally, at least partially recycled to the combustor as a recycle stream, preferably include CO 2 .
id-WO2019045997A1    abstract-A disc turbine engine with a multi disc engine where each disc engine includes a turbine blade, a low-pressure compressor blade, a high-pressure compressor blade, and a bearing. Each disc engine runs freely and individually, counter-rotating directions from each other and around a fixed shaft. Each disc engine has its own cooling system. The compressor's blades act as cooling fins for the turbine blade. A coolant, such as liquid hydrogen is used to fill the hollow body of the high-pressure compressor, the hollow body of the lower pressure compressor, and the hollow body of the turbine blade with a connection chamber in between the hollow blades as a sealed system. The nozzle is filled with a coolant inside the hollow bodies of the nozzle and guide fan as a sealed system.
id-US20190063442A1    abstract-A disc turbocharger includes a multi-disc engine in which each disc engine includes a turbine blade, a compressor blade, and a bearing without requiring a shaft between the turbine blade and the compressor blade. The power produced by each turbine blade is consumed by its own joined compressor. The disc turbocharger has a multi-disc engine that works as a multi-stage turbocharger with a smaller size and no piping between the turbochargers. The disc turbocharger uses a waste spool valve for control of the.
id-US9995216B1    abstract-A disc turbine engine includes a multi disc engine in which each disc engine includes a turbine blade, and low-pressure compressor blade, a high-pressure compressor blade and a bearing that runs the disc engine freely around a shaft. Each disc engine has its own cooling system, the compressor's blades act as cooling fins for the turbine blade, and air bleeding from the high-pressure compressor to the lower pressure compressor through a hollow turbine blade. Cooling the nozzle is by attaching the nozzle to the guide fan and by air bleeding through the hollow body. There is no stator in between the disc engine and no large shaft is required because the power produced by each turbine blade is consumed by its own compressor. The weight and cost of this engine will be less than other engines at the same thrust output.
id-US11248850B2    abstract-A heat exchanger includes a separator member that divides a first flow passage from a second flow passage. The heat exchanger also includes a plurality of first hollow members that extend across the first flow passage at respective non-orthogonal angles. The plurality of first hollow members are fluidly connected to the second flow passage. Moreover, the heat exchanger includes a plurality of second hollow members that extend across the second flow passage at respective non-orthogonal angles. The plurality of second hollow members are fluidly connected to the first flow passage.
