id-US20170130594A1    abstract-A gas turbine has a compressor, a central housing, at least one combustion chamber, an expansion turbine, and a heat exchanger. Each combustion chamber is fluidically connected to the expansion turbine via an inner housing which is guided through the interior of the central housing. The compressor is fluidically separated from the interior of the central housing by an annular collection chamber connected to an outlet of the compressor and which has a number of discharge lines which are connected to the cold side of the heat exchanger during operation. Each combustion chamber is designed as a silo combustion chamber, and each silo combustion chamber has an inner wall, which delimits a combustion chamber, and an outer wall, and the outer wall surrounds the inner wall, thereby forming a cavity. The inner wall transitions into the inner housing, and the cavity transitions into the interior of the central housing.
id-WO2015150092A1    abstract-Inventions there were Gasturbine,(1) a separator over there (2) Mittelgehause (12), at least one Brennkammer (22) Expansionsturbine(20) and thermal energy included by simultaneously or any Brennkammer (22) stromungstechnisch Expansionsturbine(20) Strict Innengehause (16) is caused by an internal connection (10) mechanism resulting in Mittelgehauses (12) And the separator over there (2) is still inside the stromungstechnisch Mittelgehauses (10)(12) through the annular eclipse Sammelkammer(14) responsibility will have an Auslass The number of connections for Verdichters (8)(2) an Ableitungen each (40 years old), the Kaltseite(64)(62) at the factory Warmetauschers, while noting that each Latin word (40 years old) has a connection intermediate by shunt (56 years old 58) A direct wire (12) inside the chamber (10) can be generated.
id-EP2927596A1    abstract-The invention is called Silobrennkammer(1) a thermal energy enterprise by (54)koppelbare Gasturbine(46), whose feminflammrohr (12) a super Brennraum(10) is known by an internal Wandung(2) and a Flammrohrboden(8), whose external invader Wandung(6) shows the internal Wandung(2) In the training one contained Hohlraumes(4), refers to Wandung(6) at least abschnittsweise umlaufende Ringkammer number (20), and Zuleitungen(22). Meanwhile Zuleitungen(22) in the factory Gasturbine (46) stromungstechnisch Warmseite(57) list a Warmetauschers (54) The number of koppelbars is burned pavement (24), which ausgangsseitig are opened by detecting (26) the Flammrohrboden(8) tributaries (10) and its anoxic (34) stromungstechnisch belt Ringkammer(20) Yes.
id-US20150345401A1    abstract-Systems and methods for preheating fuel in a gas turbine engine are provided. In one embodiment, a system may include a gas turbine engine, a fuel line in fluid communication with the gas turbine engine, a gas turbine compartment disposed about the gas turbine engine, and a first conduit in fluid communication with the gas turbine compartment. The first conduit may include ventilation discharge air from the gas turbine compartment. The system also may include a first heat exchanger in communication with the fuel line and the first conduit. The first heat exchanger may be configured to exchange heat between the fuel and the ventilation discharge air from the gas turbine compartment.
id-US10669933B2    abstract-A drive architecture comprises a rotor and a gearbox for driving the rotor. A pair of input gears provides rotational drive to the gearbox. A first recuperative cycle engine drives one of the pair of gears and a second engine drives the other of the pair of gears. The first recuperative cycle engine and the second engine are both gas turbine engines. A power takeoff from a drive shaft of the second engine supplies rotational drive to drive at least one component in the first recuperative cycle drive.
id-US20160010589A1    abstract-A gas turbine engine propulsion system in which a first propulsive unit has a core engine and a first low pressure turbine arranged to be driven by combustion products from the core engine. The first propulsive unit also has a first fan rotor and a first fan shaft drivingly connecting the first turbine and the first fan rotor. The propulsion system also has a further turbine arranged in flow series with the first turbine and a second propulsive unit spaced from the first propulsive unit. The second propulsive unit has a second fan rotor driven by the rotational output of the further turbine. The further turbine may be located in the second propulsive unit and may be in fluid communication with the first turbine via an inter-turbine duct.
id-JP2016033360A    abstract-[challenges] to reduce construction and power generation costs, and to provide a solar thermal air turbine power generation system that does not use fossil fuels. [solution] a compressor that inhales air and boosts it, a heat receiver that heats the compressed air that is pressurized by the compressor by the heat of the sunlight collected by the collector, and an air generator that drives the compressor and the generator by introducing compressed air heated by the receiver The regenerative heat exchanger, which is placed between the bin, the compressor and the heat receiver, and the exhaust from the air turbine is used as the heating medium to heat the compressed air that has been pressurized by the compressor, and the regenerative heat exchanger, which is placed between the compressor and the regenerative heat exchanger, and the regenerative heat exchanger side to recycle the compressed air flow rate In the solar thermal air turbine power generation system, the exhaust flow from the air turbine that flows into the regenerative heat exchanger as the heating medium is adjusted to create an air turbine. Equipped with a control device to control the air temperature at the inlet. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20160025007A1    abstract-A plate heat exchanger having a plurality of plates with sinusoidal undulations and two chimneys positioned at two opposite corners of the plates. Modules are formed by assembling together pairs of plates, the modules being stacked so as to make contact via the inlet and outlet chimneys in order to form the heat exchanger. The sinusoidal undulations form a first angle β with the flow direction of the fluids in the heat exchanger, the first angle β increasing in the flow direction of a first fluid through the modules. Furthermore, each plate has two distribution zones for distributing the first fluid in the modules in the proximity of each inlet or outlet chimney in order to make the filling and the discharge of the modules by the first fluid more uniform.
id-US10233838B2    abstract-A gas turbine engine that includes a compressor, a turbine, a heat exchanger, and a combustor. The compressor is mounted on a rotating shaft with at least one rotor with an inlet and an outlet, and at least one diffuser downstream from each rotor. The turbine includes at least one stator, and at least one rotor with an inlet and outlet located downstream of each stator, and mounted on the rotating shaft as the at least one of the compressor rotors. The inlet of the compressor rotor faces toward the outlet of the turbine rotor. The heat exchanger is configured to preheat the compressed air leaving the compressor by transferring heat from the turbine exhaust. The combustor can be configured for mixing fuel with the compressed air, either upstream or downstream from the heat exchanger, and further configured for igniting the preheated fuel/air mixture located downstream from the heat exchanger.
id-US20170284336A1    abstract-A container-type compressed air storage power generation device ( 2 ) comprises compressors ( 5   a - 5   c ); a tank ( 8 ); power generators ( 9   a - 9   c ); a control device ( 12 ); and a container ( 4 ). The compressors ( 5   a - 5   c ) compress air. The tank ( 8 ) is driven by air supplied from the compressors ( 5   a - 5   c ). The power generators ( 9   a - 9   c ) are driven by air supplied from the tank ( 8 ). The control device drives and controls the compressors ( 5   a - 5   c ) and the power generators ( 9   a - 9   c ). The container ( 4 ) houses the compressors ( 5   a - 5   c ) and the power generators ( 9   a - 9   c ), and the tank ( 8 ) is disposed outside the container ( 4 ). Therefore, the container-type compressed air storage power generation device ( 2 ) is easy to transport and construct on-site.
id-US11684974B2    abstract-A ducted heat exchanger system for a gas turbine engine includes an additive manufactured heat exchanger core with a contoured external and/or internal geometry. A method of additively manufacturing a heat exchanger for a gas turbine engine includes additively manufacturing a core of a heat exchanger to set a ratio of local surface area to flow area to control a pressure drop per unit length along the core.
id-WO2016055278A1    abstract-A (small)Gasturbinenanordnung indicator and a Brennkammersystem Gasturbinenvorrichtung(12)(28), is a verdi supplied by an Abgasstrom(32) of Brennkammersystems (30) and a beneficiator over there (22) to the Brennkammersystems office chteten Oxidationsmittelstrom(24), and a Rekuperator(18) transferred at least part of the infrared performance of the Abgasstroms(32) turbine (30) to verdichteten Oxidationsmittelstrom (24) . In addition, there must be at least one bypass (34,36) to divert, or at least part of, the oxidation pool power (24) or to reduce the discharge flow (32), and at least one thermal regulator (18) and at least one control factor (44,46) to control the flow through the bypass control (44,46); The gas turbine capacity deployed to the development zone can improve the utilization rate of the gas pipeline system
id-WO2016064785A1    abstract-A co-generation process for a regenerator in an FCC system having a reactor and a regenerator includes the steps of introducing flue gas from the regenerator into a heating unit at a first location of the heating unit, and introducing an oxygen / fuel gas mixture into the heating unit at a second location of the heating unit apart from the first location, and combusting the oxygen / fuel gas mixture in the heating unit at the second location to form a hot combustion gas. The process further includes the steps of combining the hot combustion gas and the flue gas at a third location of the heating unit apart from the first location to produce heated flue gas, heating water and/or steam with the heated flue gas to produce a heated steam, and introducing the heated steam into a turbine to extract energy from the heated steam.
id-EP3015661A1    abstract-The present invention generally relates to a combined cycle power plant. More in particular, the present invention relates to a plant where the temperature of the flow of gas exiting the turbine is lowered without the need of employing high cost nickel alloys within the heat recovery steam generator.
id-US9777630B2    abstract-The present invention discloses a novel apparatus and methods for augmenting the power of a gas turbine engine, improving gas turbine engine operation, and reducing the response time necessary to meet changing demands of an electrical grid. Improvements in power augmentation and engine operation include systems and methods for providing rapid response given a change in electrical grid.
