id-US11155171B2    abstract-In an aspect of the disclosure, a method, a computer-readable medium, and an apparatus are provided. The apparatus may be a vehicle power system, which includes an electric motor, a primary power source that energizes the electric motor, wherein the primary power source employs a turbine to generate electricity, a second power source that supplements the primary power source to energize the electric motor, and a control component that monitors power provided to the electric motor by the primary power source, that determines that additional power needs to be provided to the electric motor in order to meet a driving requirement, and that directs additional power from the second power source to the electric motor.
id-US20190277197A1    abstract-An apparatus and method are disclosed that enable a multi-spool gas turbine engine to produce ISO-qualified power quality during block loading, while also achieving high efficiency over a wide power range. Such an engine would enable new markets, including modern data centers, to operate independently from the utility grid, while achieving high efficiency, reliability, and power quality. The engine includes a variable area nozzle upstream of the free power turbine. On experiencing the torque spike, the variable area nozzle is opened rapidly to provide rapid an increase in air flow aspirated by the engine. When combined with a proportionally increased fuel supply, the power and torque of the free power turbine increases with a time constant close to that of the fuel valve and variable area nozzle movement. Coupling a variable speed alternator to the free power turbine, and coupling the rectified alternator output to an inverter serves to isolate the speed change of the alternator from the frequency delivered to the power grid.
id-US11560846B2    abstract-A combined heat and power system comprises a shaft (4), a compressor (6) coupled to the shaft to compress intake gas to form compressed gas; a recuperator (10) to heat the compressed gas to form heated compressed gas; a combustor (12) to combust a fuel and the heated compressed gas to form combustion gas; a turbine (8) coupled to the shaft to expand the combustion gas to form exhaust gas; a load (24) coupled to the shaft; an exhaust outlet (18) to expel the exhaust gas to a heater for heating a fluid based on heat from the exhaust gas; a recuperator channel (28) providing a path for the exhaust gas to flow from the turbine to the exhaust outlet through the recuperator; and a bypass channel (22) providing a path for the exhaust gas to flow from the turbine to the exhaust outlet bypassing the recuperator.
id-WO2019224563A1    abstract-A heat exchanger for heat exchange between fluid streams incorporates rotary features to control the passage of the streams.
id-US10384926B1    abstract-A system for renewable energy storage, providing integral synthesis of heat source cryo-fuel and heat sink refrigerant for distributed electric generation and motor vehicle prime movers and refrigerant liquefiers. Fuel synthesis is by gasification and anaerobic digestion of organic feedstock with heat recovery to drive thermo-chemical reactor and air and fuel liquefiers.
id-US10343890B1    abstract-A system for renewable energy storage, providing integral synthesis of heat source cryo-fuel and heat sink refrigerant for distributed electric generation and motor vehicle prime movers and refrigerant liquefiers. Fuel synthesis is by gasification and anaerobic digestion of organic feedstock with heat recovery to drive thermo-chemical reactor and air and fuel liquefiers.
id-US20200141326A1    abstract-A gas turbine engine system includes a boost compressor configured to compress air; a combustor in which the compressed air is mixed with fuel and ignited to generate a stream of combustion gases; and a turbine configured to extract energy from the combustion gases, the turbine being drivingly coupled to the boost compressor and to an output shaft via a differential gearbox configured to apportion an input torque from the turbine between a first output torque applied to the output shaft and a second output torque applied to the boost compressor.
id-US11391209B2    abstract-A combined cycle heat engine (10). The engine (10) comprises a first gas turbine engine (11) comprising a first air compressor (14), a first combustion system (16, 20) and a first turbine system (18, 22), and a second gas turbine engine (32) comprising a second air compressor (36) and a second turbine system (40). The engine further comprises a heat exchanger (38) configured to transfer heat from an exhaust of the first turbine system (18, 22) to compressed air from the second air compressor (36). The first combustion system comprises a first combustor (16) provided downstream of the first air compressor (14) and upstream of the first turbine system (18, 22), and a second combustor (20) downstream of a first turbine section (18) of the first turbine system and upstream of a second turbine section (22) of the first turbine system.
