id-US20210277827A1    abstract-A system includes a housing for a gas turbine engine, and a fan disposed in the housing to rotate coaxially with a gas turbine included in the housing. The system also includes an inlet guide vane disposed in the housing in axial alignment with the fan and configured to have an open position where a first flow of air is received by the fan through the inlet guide vane, and a closed position where airflow through the inlet guide vane is obstructed. The system further includes a heat exchanger disposed in a supply passage in fluid communication with a second flow of air received by the fan. The second flow of air is received by the fan via the supply passage with the inlet guide vane in the open position or in the closed position.
id-EP3885540A1    abstract-A thermodynamic apparatus (10) comprising a compressor module (100), a turbine module (200), and a regenerative heat exchanger (300) centred on a central axis (12). The compressor module (100), turbine module (200) and regenerative heat exchanger (300) are arranged in series along the central axis (12) such that the regenerative heat exchanger (300) is provided between the compressor module (100) and the turbine module (200).
id-US20220003165A1    abstract-A heat exchanger for a gas turbine engine comprising a compressor, a combustor and a turbine. The heat exchanger comprising alternating hot and cold channels. Compressed air from the compressor flows through the cold channels and exhaust gas from the turbine flows through the hot channels. Each cold channel comprises first and second opposing surfaces conveying compressed air along a first path. Each cold channel comprises rows of vortex generators and pin fins extending from the first or second surfaces along the first path. The rows extend substantially perpendicular to the first path. Each hot channel is defined by a first and second opposing surfaces conveying exhaust gas along a second path substantially perpendicular to the first path. Each hot channel comprises rows of vortex generators and pin fins extending from the first or second surfaces along the second path. The rows extend substantially perpendicularly to the second path.
id-JP2022044548A    abstract-[challenges] we provide exhaust ducts for gas turbine engines that are useful for recovering exhaust heat from gas turbine engine exhaust gas without the cost and additional space required to install heat recovery steam generator. Solution: the exhaust duct for the gas turbine engine 50 with the silencer section 12 is disclosed. At least two plate-like buffer buffers 20 are arranged inside the buffer section 12. At least one of the plate-like silencers sabbaffles is configured as a heat exchange device in that it has at least one internal cavity suitable for accepting heat exchange fluid and is leakproof against the interior of the exhaust duct, and less Also one internal cavity is connected fluidly to the outside of the exhaust duct at the inlet and outlet ports. Select diagram in figure 10.
id-EP3929405A1    abstract-A micro turbine assembly (100) comprises a turbine, a compressor, and an electric power generator operating on a single shaft. The micro turbine assembly is designed segmenting the assembly into three subassemblies: a micro turbine engine subassembly (102), a micro turbine air sourcing housing subassembly (202), and a compressor air supply and electronics subassembly (302). The configuration enables efficient assembly, maintenance and repairs, as the operational components can be diagnosed at a high level and the subassembly can be exchanged quickly to optimize uptime. The micro turbine engine subassembly (102) includes an integrated ceramic compressor and turbine assembly (400) and an electric power generator (150) installed in a single unit that is slidably inserted within an interior of the micro turbine air sourcing housing subassembly. The compressor air supply and electronics subassembly is assembled to a respective end of the micro turbine air sourcing housing subassembly. The micro turbine creates compressed air, heated air, and electrical power.
id-US20230058456A1    abstract-A system may include a turbine and a recuperative heat exchanger system. The recuperative heat exchanger system is configured to receive exhaust gases from the turbine. The recuperative heat exchanger system may include a precool section to cool the exhaust gases, a major heating section to receive the cooled the exhaust gases, and a minor heating section to receive the cooled the exhaust gases.
id-EP3945202A1    abstract-A system includes a power cycle and a cooling cycle. The power cycle includes a first compressor (12), a recuperative heat exchanger (14), a waste-heat heat exchanger (16), and a turbine (18). The turbine (18) includes a drive shaft coupled to the first compressor. The working fluid from the waste-heat heat exchanger (16) drives the turbine (18), the drive shaft, and the first compressor (12). The recuperative heat exchanger (14) cools the working fluid from the turbine (18), and at least one ram-air heat exchanger further cools the working fluid from the recuperative heat exchanger (14). The first compressor (12) is configured to pressurize the working fluid from the at least one ram-air heat exchanger. The cooling cycle includes a pump (32), an isenthalpic valve (36), an ambient air heat exchanger (38), and a second compressor (40). The cooling cycle cools the working fluid and ambient air and is connected to the power cycle in the at least one ram-air heat exchanger.
id-WO2022043293A1    abstract-The invention concerns a jet-engine comprising an outer casing having an opening end for allowing inlet gas to enter therein, a combustor system comprising a combustor container enclosing a combustor chamber, a hot gas combustor inlet for allowing gas to enter within the combustor chamber and a fuel combustor inlet for allowing fuel to enter within the combustor chamber. A first end of the combustor container is arranged in fluid communication with an end of the outer casing opposite its opening end. The jet engine further comprises a fuel cell system employed to heat compressed gas prior to entering the combustor chamber and to provide electric power to electric components.
id-US11668235B2    abstract-A turbofan gas turbine engine comprises, in axial flow sequence, a heat exchanger module, an inlet duct, a fan assembly, a compressor module, and a turbine module. The fan assembly comprises a plurality of fan blades defining a fan diameter D, and the heat exchanger module comprises a plurality of heat transfer elements for transfer of heat from a first fluid contained within the heat transfer elements to an airflow passing over a surface of the heat transfer elements prior to entry of the airflow into the fan assembly.      In use, the first fluid has a maximum temperature of 80° C., and the heat exchanger module transfers at least 300 kW of heat energy from the first fluid to the airflow.
id-EP3988882A1    abstract-A heat exchanger includes a shell housing a plurality of tubes and defining an exhaust fluid flow path within a first volume enclosed by the shell. The outer surfaces of the plurality of tubes are in fluid communication with the exhaust fluid flow path. The heat exchanger includes a cap attached to a first end of the shell and defining a second volume. A header is configured to separate the first volume from the second volume, flex with thermal expansion, and define tube inlet and outlet positions. The tube inlets and outlets are in fluid communication with a source fluid flow path, and each tube is substantially U-shaped and defines a flow path of the source fluid within the exhaust fluid flow path. The heat exchanger includes at least one longitudinal flow baffle within the shell configured to reduce an amount of exhaust fluid that may bypass the tubes.
id-US20220136412A1    abstract-Disclosed is a hybrid power generation facility. The hybrid power generation facility includes a gas turbine including a compressor configured to compress air introduced from an outside, a combustor configured to mix the compressed air with fuel and to combust the air and fuel mixture, and a turbine configured to produce power with first combustion gas discharged from the combustor, a boiler including a combustion chamber and configured to burn a mixture of the first combustion gas and air, a first water heat exchanger configured to pass second combustion gas discharged from the boiler and to heat water through heat exchange with the second combustion gas, a water supply device configured to supply water to the first water heat exchanger, a steam turbine through which steam generated in the combustion chamber passes, and a first air preheater configured to pass second combustion gas discharged from the first water heat exchanger and to pass air supplied to the boiler.
id-US11326513B1    abstract-Disclosed is a hybrid power generation facility. The hybrid power generation facility includes a gas turbine including a compressor configured to compress air introduced from an outside, a combustor configured to mix the compressed air with fuel and to combust the air and fuel mixture, and a turbine configured to produce power with first combustion gas discharged from the combustor, a boiler configured to burn a mixture of the first combustion gas and air, a first water heat exchanger configured to pass second combustion gas discharged from the boiler and to heat water through heat exchange between the water and the second combustion gas, a water supply device configured to supply water to the first water heat exchanger, a steam turbine through which steam generated in the boiler passes, and a fuel heat exchanger configured to pass fuel supplied to the combustor and to pass a portion of water that is returned to the water supply device from the first water heat exchanger and has a higher temperature than the water supplied to the first water heat exchanger.
id-WO2022109512A1    abstract-The present disclosure presents improved combustion turbine engine systems and related methods. One such system includes a turbine system comprising a high pressure compressor, a high pressure turbine, a combustor, and a recuperator. The system further includes a turbocharger system comprising a low pressure compressor and a low pressure turbine; an air cooler device that is configured to cool intake air output to the low pressure compressor; and a refrigeration system comprising a hot gas heat exchanger and a cold gas heat exchanger, wherein the refrigeration system receives combustion products from the turbine system and compressed air from the turbocharger system. The refrigeration system cools the combustion products and the compressed air to generate a cooled combustion product mixture that is provided to the turbine system, and the refrigeration system further generates steam that is provided to the turbine system. Other systems and methods are also presented.
