id-US11008938B2    abstract-A low emission, high efficiency Gas Turbine engine operating on a combination of Natural Gas and Bio Gas as fuel, driving either a high efficiency turbo-blower or a high efficiency Turbo Pump system combined with heat recovery systems and in other embodiments is provided a generator of electricity or providing evaporate cooling from using the remaining waste heat in the exhaust gas.
id-US10641173B2    abstract-In a gas turbine system including a first gas turbine generator, a heat recovery steam generator and a steam turbine generator heat rejection system, the present invention relates to a method for CO 2  capture from flue gas in said system, said method including: (a) diverting an amount of heat recovery steam generator flue gas from the CO 2  capture plant; and (b) mixing the diverted heat recovery steam generator flue gas with an air stream, forming a combined gas stream, wherein (1) the combined gas stream is fed to a second gas turbine generator; (2) exhaust gas from the second gas turbine generator is mixed with exhaust gas from the first gas turbine generator, forming a combined exhaust gas stream; and (3) the combined exhaust gas stream enters the heat recovery steam generator, with the CO 2  content of the combined exhaust gas stream increased through supplementary firing in the heat recovery steam generator.
id-EP3228544A1    abstract-A hybrid-electric propulsion system (10) includes a gas turbine engine (12), an electric machine (14) coupled to and rotatably driven by the gas turbine engine to produce AC electric power, an energy storage system (18), and a propulsion unit (16). The gas turbine engine includes a combustor (26) and a recuperator (20) that places an exhaust air flow that is downstream from the combustor in a heat exchange relationship with a compressed air flow that is upstream from the combustor to transfer thermal energy from the exhaust flow to the compressed flow. The propulsion unit includes a fan (44) and an electric motor (42) rotably coupled to the fan, the electric motor being driven by electric power from one of the electric machine or the energy storage system.
id-US20220298965A1    abstract-The present disclosure relates to systems and methods wherein a dilute hydrocarbon stream can be oxidized to impart added energy to a power production system. The oxidation can be carried out without substantial combustion of the hydrocarbons. In this manner, dilute hydrocarbon streams that would otherwise be required to undergo costly separation processes can be efficiently utilized for improving the power production system and method. Such systems and methods particularly can utilize dilute hydrocarbon stream including a significant amount of carbon dioxide, such as may be produced in hydrocarbon recovery process, such as enhanced oil recovery or conventional hydrocarbon recovery processes.
id-US10364744B2    abstract-A gas turbine engine may include a deep heat recovery system, such as a deep heat recovery super critical carbon dioxide (sCO2) system. The deep heat recovery system may include two-stage cooling of the working fluid (such as carbon dioxide—CO2) where at least one of cooling stages is recuperative by transferring heat from the working fluid to a flow of compressed air being supplied to a combustor included in the gas turbine engine. The deep heat recovery system may operate in a supercritical cycle, or in a transcritical cycle depending on the temperature to which the working fluid is cooled during a second stage of the two-stage cooling. The second stage of the two-stage cooling includes working fluid-to-air heat rejection where the air is ambient air.
id-US10240530B2    abstract-The invention relates to a container (200) for a heat storage and restitution system, comprising a vessel in which a gas is circulating in order to be cooled or heated. The vessel is limited by a first jacket formed from concrete (203) surrounded by a thermally insulating layer (206), which is itself surrounded by a steel shell (204). The vessel comprises at least two modules (210), each comprising a double wall formed from concrete and a perforated base (205) limiting at least two volumes (217 and 216) which are each capable of containing a fixed bed of particles of a material for storage and restitution of heat (207). The modules are disposed one above the other in a centered manner such that the double wall formed from concrete forms the first jacket formed from concrete (203) and a second jacket formed from concrete (215).
id-US20180066548A1    abstract-A combined cycle power plant is provided. The combined cycle power plant includes a gas turbine and a heat recovery steam generator disposed in fluid communication with the gas turbine and including one or more steam heater units. Additionally, the combined cycle power plant includes a recuperator unit integrated with the heat recovery steam generator and configured to use gas turbine exhaust from the gas turbine to preheat compressor discharge air from the compressor and supply the preheated compressor discharge air to the combustor, where a first subset of the one or more steam heater units is disposed in parallel to the recuperator unit, and where a second subset of the one or more steam heater units is disposed in series with the first subset of the one or more steam heater units and the recuperator unit with respect to a direction of flow of gas turbine exhaust.
