id-US9494078B2    abstract-The present invention is a prime mover with recovered energy driven compression for stationary and motor vehicle application. Efficient low compression operation, especially beneficial to small gas turbines, is enabled with either ambient or cryogenic intake air. Recovered energy, liquefied air cooling and re-liquefaction of air by a cryogenic sink minimize motive fluid compression work of a jet compressor driving exhaust gas recirculation. Regenerative heat exchanger terminal temperature difference relative to turbine temperature drop and heat exchanger surface area are reduced.
id-US20130186095A1    abstract-A gas turbine prime mover for stationary and motor vehicle application. The gas turbine employs jet compression energized by a pressurized motive fluid to entrain a depressurized suction fluid from the turbine discharge. Combined suction and motive fluids circulate through the combustor or other heating source and the turbine while motive fluid, separated from the turbine discharge, preheats pressurized motive fluid in a heat recovery recuperator or regenerator. Additional features include recovery of heat loss from heating source loss and sub-ambient compression cooling of motive fluid. Cycle efficiency of 70% is attained.
id-US20140069090A1    abstract-A prime mover with recovered energy driven compression for stationary and motor vehicle application. Efficient low compression operation, especially beneficial to small gas turbines, is enabled with either ambient or cryogenic intake air. Two features, exhaust gas recirculation by a jet-compressor and a heat of fusion sink to liquefy motive air to the jet-compressor, decrease regenerative heat exchanger terminal temperature difference relative to turbine temperature drop in low pressure operation while reducing heat exchanger surface area.
id-US20150000295A1    abstract-The invention is directed to a process to obtain a compressed gas starting from a starting gas having a lower pressure by performing the following steps: (i) increasing the pressure and temperature of a gas having an intermediate pressure by means of indirect heat exchange against a fluid having a higher temperature to obtain a gas high in pressure and temperature, (ii) obtaining part of the gas high in temperature and pressure as the compressed gas, (iii) using another part of the gas high in temperature and pressure as a driving gas to increase the pressure of the starting gas in one or more stages to obtain the gas having an intermediate pressure for use in step (i). The invention is also directed to a configuration wherein the process can be performed and directed to a process to generate energy using the process.
id-EP2634483A3    abstract-In order to overcome the problems that earlier methods have experienced, a method for providing heat to a carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) post combustion capture process is proposed, comprising the steps: a) generating electricity from a boiler (A) by feeding steam from said boiler (A) to one or more turbines (B, C, D); b) feeding flue gas from said boiler (A) to a waste heat recovery unit (M); c) capturing heat in said waste heat recovery unit (M); and d) feeding heat to said post combustion capture process.
id-US9328660B2    abstract-Described herein are embodiments of systems and methods for oxidizing gases. In some embodiments, a reaction chamber is configured to receive a fuel gas and maintain the gas at a temperature within the reaction chamber that is above an autoignition temperature of the gas. The reaction chamber may also be configured to maintain a reaction temperature within the reaction chamber below a flameout temperature. In some embodiments, heat and product gases from the oxidation process can be used, for example, to drive a turbine, reciprocating engine, and injected back into the reaction chamber.
id-US9359947B2    abstract-Described herein are embodiments of systems and methods for oxidizing gases. In some embodiments, a reaction chamber is configured to receive a fuel gas and maintain the gas at a temperature within the reaction chamber that is above an autoignition temperature of the gas. The reaction chamber may also be configured to maintain a reaction temperature within the reaction chamber below a flameout temperature. In some embodiments, heat and product gases from the oxidation process can be used, for example, to drive a turbine, reciprocating engine, and injected back into the reaction chamber.
id-US9273608B2    abstract-Described herein are embodiments of systems and methods for oxidizing gases. In some embodiments, a reaction chamber is configured to receive a fuel gas and maintain the gas at a temperature within the reaction chamber that is above an autoignition temperature of the gas. The reaction chamber may also be configured to maintain a reaction temperature within the reaction chamber below a flameout temperature. In some embodiments, heat and product gases from the oxidation process can be used, for example, to drive a turbine, reciprocating engine, and injected back into the reaction chamber.
id-US20180058326A1    abstract-A method of cooling a gas fueled engine driven intercooled air compressor comprises providing the intercooled air compressor, a gearbox, and the gas fueled engine. The method includes flowing a liquid coolant from a liquid coolant supply to each of the gearbox and an intercooler of the intercooled air compressor. The method comprises recombining the liquid coolant after the gearbox and the intercooler. The method includes directing the recombined liquid coolant via multiple paths to cool the gas fueled engine. The method comprises recombining the liquid coolant after the liquid coolant has passed through the multiple paths.
id-US9765693B2    abstract-The present invention discloses a novel apparatus and methods for controlling an air injection system for augmenting the power of a gas turbine engine, improving gas turbine engine operation, and reducing the response time necessary to meet changing demands of a power plant. Improvements in control of the air injection system include ways directed towards preheating the air injection system, including using an gas turbine components, such as an inlet bleed heat system to aid in the preheating process.
id-US20140020402A1    abstract-In one embodiment, a turbine using CO 2  includes moving blades, stator blades, a working fluid transport flow path, a coolant transport flow path, and a coolant recovery flow path. The stator blades constitute turbine stages together with the moving blades. The working fluid transport flow path is configured to transport the working fluid sequentially to the turbine stages. The coolant transport flow path is configured to transport the coolant by allowing the coolant to sequentially pass through the inside of the stator blades from an upstream to a downstream of the working fluid. The coolant recovery flow path is configured to recover the coolant passing through the inside of the stator blade at a predetermined turbine stage and merge the recovered coolant with the working fluid transport flow path at a turbine stage on an upstream side of the predetermined turbine stage.
id-WO2014016498A1    abstract-The turbo-engine (1) includes a turbo-compressor (2) in which the centrifugal compressor (61) and the turbo-compressor turbine (62) are connected by a regeneration-combustion channel (34) which includes a continuous combustion chamber (35) in which fuel is burned, and a post-combustion steam supply duct (94) connected to a countercurrent steam condenser (88), The channel (34) is also connected to the inlet of an expansion drive turbine (3) through a conduit (66), while the channel (34) comprises an air/ mixture regeneration counter flow exchanger (30) which heates an atmospheric air expelled into said channel (34) through the centrifugal compressor (61) with a gas-steam mixture expelled through a gas-steam exhaust duct of the expansion drive turbine (70) through said turbine (62) and said expansion drive turbine (3).
id-WO2014020277A1    abstract-Electrical energy storage and recovery device comprising: • means for compressing atmospheric air (1), • electrothermal heating means (2), • an air storage device (5), • a heat storage device (3), • expansion means (8), • a set of pipes allowing the circulation of air between the various components of the installation and the control and control devices necessary for its operation.
id-US10107199B2    abstract-The invention relates generally to electrical power systems, including generating capacity of a gas turbine, and more specifically to pressurized air injection that is useful for providing additional electrical power during periods of peak electrical power demand from a gas turbine system power plant, as well as to inlet heating to allow increased engine turn down during periods of reduced electrical demand.
id-EP2728144A2    abstract-A recuperator (24) inserted in the exhaust duct (18) of a gas turbine engine (10) includes a casing (30) surrounding a core (28) having spiral cross channels. Inlet and outlet openings are defined in the casing (30) for the passage of hot exhaust gases (E) through the exhaust channels in the core (28). Feeder members (38) extend radially across the outlet opening for passing the pre-combustion stage air (P3) through the air channels of the core (28), and header (38) members extend radially across the inlet opening of the casing (30) for receiving and redirecting air from the air channels in the core (28) towards the combustor section (14). The feeder (38) and header (40) members each have a tapered configuration from the casing (30) to the axial center of the casing (30) so as to maintain a relatively constant pressure over the radial extent of the respective feeders (38) and headers (40).
