id-US20160230658A1    abstract-A gas turbine engine includes a core flowpath for flowing a core stream, a second flowpath located radially outward from the core flowpath for flowing a second stream, and an auxiliary flowpath located radially outward from the second flowpath for flowing an auxiliary stream. A heat exchanging device is constructed and arranged to divert a portion of the second stream into the auxiliary flowpath. A turbine exhaust case is constructed and arranged to flow the auxiliary stream into the core flowpath for mixing with the core stream.
id-JP2018512529A    abstract-In a hybrid combustion turbine power plant (30), the conventional gas turbines (11, 12, 14) are integrated with the adiabatic compressed air energy storage system (ACAES) through fluid connections (32). The adiabatic compressed air energy storage system (ACAES) consists of an auxiliary compressor (52) and an auxiliary compressor (52) located downstream of the direct thermal energy storage unit (40) in an alternative path between the direct thermal energy storage unit and the compressed air storage unit (60). It is equipped with pressure equipment (50). The ACAES exhausts air into the gas turbine via a fluid connection at the desired mass flow rate via a pressure reducer, but feeds air through an auxiliary compressor at a lower mass flow rate over a longer period of time, and lower power auxiliary compression through trickle feed air. The aircraft may be used. The use of the direct thermal energy storage unit 40 effectively returns the compressed heat. Alternatively, a variable mass flow rate, reversible power mechanism (70) and a second thermal energy storage unit (72) can be installed downstream of the direct thermal energy storage unit (40), and the overall power adjustment and ACA can be implemented even with a low-power reversible power mechanism. It is possible to switch between compression and expansion to supply or exhaust the ES, respectively, achieving substantial power adjustment.
id-US20200025080A1    abstract-A gas turbine engine section includes a plurality of spaced rotor stages, with a static guide vane intermediate the spaced rotor stages. The static guide vane provides swirl into air passing toward a downstream one of the spaced rotor stages, and an outer housing surrounding the spaced rotor stages. A diverter diverts a portion of air radially outwardly through the outer housing, and across at least one heat exchanger. The diverted air passes back into a duct radially inwardly through the outer housing, and is exhausted toward the downstream one of the spaced rotor stages.
id-US20160319746A1    abstract-The invention relates generally to an electrical power and storage system and more specifically to ways and methods of using a thermal storage medium as a heat source to heat compressed air from a power augmentation system for use in a gas turbine engine.
id-US20160326966A1    abstract-The method for counteracting draft through an arrangement including a gas turbine during a stop, including stopping the gas turbine and then equalizing the pressure at least through the gas turbine.
id-US20180119561A1    abstract-The invention relates to a turbine, in particular a combustion gas turbine, which drives a high-speed generator for generating electricity, said turbine having a high efficiency. The turbine has at least one combustion chamber ( 6 ), which is provided with a fuel injection means ( 7 ) and an ignition device ( 8 ) and which supplies the turbine with a combustion gas. An external compressor ( 3 ) is associated with the turbine. Said compressor has a separate electric drive and is not connected to the turbine by means of a drive shaft. Furthermore, at least two combustion chambers ( 5 ) are provided for discontinuous, pulsed combustion and supply of the turbine.
id-US20200200085A1    abstract-A recuperated gas turbine engine includes an engine core that has a compressor section, a combustor section, and a turbine section. An exhaust duct is located downstream of the turbine section for receiving a hot turbine exhaust stream from the turbine section. The exhaust duct includes a heat exchanger and a temperature-control module upstream of the heat exchanger. A first compressor bleed line portion leads into the heat exchanger, and a second compressor bleed lie portion leads into the exhaust duct upstream of the heat exchanger. A compressor return line leads from the heat exchanger into the engine core upstream of the combustor section. The compressor bleed line is operable to selectively feed compressed air to the heat exchanger, and the temperature-control module is operable to selectively modulate at least one of temperature and flow of the hot turbine exhaust stream with respect to the heat exchanger.
id-US10174673B2    abstract-A portable green power system is disclosed that is capable of generating electric power based on green technologies (i.e., environmentally friendly) of high performance, low emissions, and low noise. The portable power system consists of three key design features including a free-floating shaft, an electric motor assisted airblast injector and four concentric channel flows. The engine is partitioned into separate channels or passages for the compressed air, hot gases, recuperation, and the engine case and are organized into four concentric channels for portable design and easy maintenance considerations. The concentric channel design also facilitates fully developed flow in each channel for reduction of vibration and noise. The four concentric channels include turbine concentric channel, compressor concentric channel, recuperator concentric channel and engine case concentric channel. Two-way bypass rings are used for cross flows among these concentric channel flows.
id-US20210131338A1    abstract-A heating system is configured to produce heated fluid. The system includes a source of primary fluid, a diffusing structure comprising an outlet structure out of which the heated fluid flows, at least one conduit coupled to the source and the diffusing structure and configured to introduce to the diffusing structure the primary fluid, and an intake structure coupled to the diffusing structure and configured to introduce to the diffusing structure a secondary fluid accessible to the system. The heated fluid includes the primary and secondary fluids.
id-US20200325816A1    abstract-An internal combustion engine includes an exhaust conduit having an exhaust port fluidically coupled to ambient fluid and having an internal cross-sectional area and an engine cylinder fluidically coupled to the exhaust conduit. A fluidic amplifier is disposed within the exhaust conduit and is fluidically coupled to the engine cylinder. The amplifier is further fluidically coupled to a source of primary fluid and is configured to introduce the primary fluid and at least a portion of fluid from the engine cylinder to the exhaust port.
id-US20170321638A1    abstract-An internal combustion engine includes an intake conduit fluidically coupled to ambient fluid and having an internal cross-sectional area and an engine cylinder fluidically coupled to the intake conduit. A fluidic amplifier is disposed within the intake conduit and is fluidically coupled to the ambient fluid and engine cylinder. The amplifier is further fluidically coupled to a source of primary fluid and is configured to introduce the primary fluid and at least a portion of the ambient fluid to the engine cylinder.
