id-US20120312019A1    abstract-A feedwater heater ( 14 ) in a heat recovery steam generator (A,B) lies within a flow of hot exhaust gas. The feedwater heater ( 14 ) converts subcooled feedwater into saturated feedwater water, the temperature of which is only lightly above the acid dew point temperature of the exhaust gas so that corrosive acids do not condense on coils ( 18 ) of the feedwater heater ( 14 ). Yet the temperature of the saturated feedwater lies significantly below the temperature of the exhaust gas at the coils ( 18 ), so that the coils ( 18 ) operate efficiently and require minimal surface area. Pumps ( 26, 28, 30 ) elevate the pressure of the saturated feedwater and direct it into an economizer ( 64, 90 ) where, owing to the increase in pressure, the water is again subcooled. The economizer ( 64, 90 ) elevates the temperature still further and delivers the higher pressure feedwater to evaporators ( 34, 70, 78 ) that convert it into saturated steam that flows on to the superheaters ( 50, 78, 84 ). Higher pressure pegging stem admitted to the feedwater heater ( 14 ) controls the pressure—and temperature—of saturated steam and water in the feedwater heater ( 14 ).
id-KR101775608B1    abstract-스팀을 발생시키는 시스템 및 방법은, 석탄의 연속 공급을 제공하는 단계, 상기 석탄을 제1 가공 챔버에서 산소 및 물의 존재하에 연소시켜 제1 생성물 가스 스트림을 제공하는 단계, 제1 열 회수 스팀 발생기에서 상기 제1 생성물 가스 스트림으로부터 열을 회수하여 제1 스팀 산출물을 제조하는 단계, 상기 제1 생성물 가스 스트림을 제2 가공 챔버에서 산소 및 물의 존재하에 가공하여 제2 생성물 가스 스트림을 제조하는 단계, 제2 열 회수 스팀 발생기에서 상기 제2 생성물 가스 스트림으로부터 열을 회수하여 제2 스팀 산출물을 제조하는 단계, 및 상기 제1 스팀 산출물과 상기 제2 스팀 산출물을 합하는 단계를 포함한다.  바람직하게는, 상기 합한 스팀 산출물은 스팀 터빈을 구동시키는데 사용되고, 상기 터빈은 발전기에 결합된다.
id-EP2348199B1    abstract-
id-US9217368B2    abstract-A method of modifying a gas turbine plant which is provided with a one-shaft gas turbine having a compressor for compressing air, a combustor for generating a combustion gas from the air compressed by the compressor and a fuel, and a one-shaft turbine driven by the combustion gas generated by the combustor and supported by a rotational axis common to the compressor, and an electric generator for generating electric power by driving force of the one-shaft turbine, wherein: the one-shaft turbine is replaced with a two-shaft gas turbine including a compressor for compressing air, a combustor for generating a combustion gas from the air compressed by the compressor and a fuel, and a high-pressure turbine driven by the combustion gas generated by the combustor and supported by a first rotational axis common to the compressor, and a low-pressure turbine driven by the combustion gas used to drive the high-pressure turbine and supported by a second rotational axis, which is different from the axis for the high-pressure turbine.
id-JP5858619B2    abstract-
id-EP2848777A1    abstract-Preferred embodiments provide a system and method of generating steam comprising providing a continuous supply of coal (75), combusting the coal in a primary processing chamber (10) in the presence of oxygen (80) and water (85) to provide a first product gas stream (O), recovering heat from the first product gas stream in a first heat recovery steam generator (HRSG 20) to produce a first steam output (29), processing the first product gas stream in a secondary processing chamber (32) in the presence of oxygen (90) and water (86) to provide a second product gas stream (Q) substantially free of inorganic, organic and particulate contaminants, recovering heat from the second product gas stream in a second heat recovery steam generator (HRSG 40) to produce a second steam output (49), and combining the first steam output and the second steam output. In preferred embodiments, the combined steam output is used to drive a steam turbine (100).
id-DE102010004079A1    abstract-Kraftanlage und Vorrichtung zur Nutzung eines Rankine-Prozesses zur Nutzung der Abwärme einer Brennkraftmaschine, vorzugsweise Hubkolbenmaschine, bestehend aus – einem Expander, – einer Speisepumpe, – einem Kühlmittelwärmetauscher, – einem Abgaswärmetauscher, – einem Kondensator sowie – einem Rekuperator, wobei das Verdampfungsdruckniveau des Arbeitsmediums dem Dampfdruck bei der Arbeitstemperatur des Kühlmittelwärmetauschers entspricht.
id-WO2011093163A1    abstract-本発明の目的は、プロセスガスの偏流及びこれに起因する局部的な温度差を防ぐとともに、シェル内に配置された部品の変形及び損傷を防ぎ、シンプルな構造でコストの削減も可能な廃熱ボイラを提供することである。本発明の廃熱ボイラ１は、上下方向に延びる円筒状に形成された外殻２と、水が供給される第１の室１９と加熱後の水及び水蒸気が流入する第２の室２０とを備えている水室１７と、複数の伝熱管２４と、複数の伝熱管２４に対して直交する方向に延在し、外殻２の上下方向に沿って並列された複数の板状部材３１と、外殻２の上下方向に沿って外殻２の上部から外殻２の下部まで延在するとともに、外殻２に流入したプロセスガスを排出するバイパス管３７とを備えている。
id-KR100971176B1    abstract-본 발명은 스팀발생장치에 관한 것으로, 보다 상세하게는 스팀을 발생시키는 스팀장치에 보조물통인 물공급장치의 물이 자연스럽게 무동력으로 공급되도록 하고, 스팀압력이 물공급장치 내부에 작용됨으로써 물이 공급되는 것으로, 별도의 동력원이 필요없이 물공급장치의 물이 스팀장치 내부로 공급되고, 이러한 물공급의 동력원으로 스팀에 의하기 때문에 작동이 안정적이고 원활하게 하도록 하는 자연물공급스팀발생장치에 관한 것으로, 스팀청소기, 스팀고압세척기, 보일러증기발생장치, 고층 건물에 지하에서 증기로 상층으로 보내도록 하는 장치, 스팀난방용장치, 세탁소 다림질 스팀공급장치, 스팀세척기, 스팀요리용증기발생장치 등, 스팀을 사용하는 곳에 적용이 가능한 것이다. 이와 같은 본 발명의 특징은 스팀이 발생되도록 하는 스팀장치(20); 상기 스팀장치(20)에 물이 공급되도록 하는 물공급장치(30); 일측 끝단인 물공급시작단(41)이 상기 물공급장치(30) 내부의 저부에 위치되고, 타측 끝단인 물공급끝단(42)이 상기 스팀장치(20)의 내부에 위치되어 상기 물공급장치(30) 내부의 물이 상기 스팀장치(20) 내부로 공급되도록 하는 물공급파이프(40); 일측 끝단인 스팀공급시작단(51)이 상기 스팀장치(20) 내부에 위치되고, 타측 끝단인 스팀공급끝단(52)이 상기 물공급장치(30) 내부의 상부에 위치되어 상기 스팀장치(20) 내부의 스팀이 상기 물공급장치(30) 내부의 상부측으로 공급되도록 하는 스팀순환공급파이프(50)가 포함되어 구비되고, 스팀배출파이프(21) 끝단에 배출압력차단밸브(80)가 구비되는 것을 특징으로 한다. 그리고 물공급파이프와 스팀순환공급파이프에는 체크밸브가 구비되어 압력이 가해질 경우에만 개방되도록 하고, 특히 배출압력차단밸브(80)는 물공급파이프의 체크밸브나 스팀순환공급파이프의 체크밸브보다 높은 개방 압력을 설정하여 그 차이만큼의 압력으로 유기적인 작동을 하며, 벽면은 열매체에 의하여 항상 고온을 유지하며 발생된 스팀이 응축되지 않도록 하는 것이다.
id-WO2011091072A3    abstract-Biomass or refuse-derived fuels (10) and seawater or other non-potable water are used as an input to a combustor/evaporator (15, 20). The resulting steam heats a working fluid in an Organic Rankine Cycle (30, 50, 60, 75) process which drives a turbine (50) to produce mechanical rotation. This rotation can be used to directly drive a process or to generate electricity. The heating of the working fluid cools the steam to produce purified water. The evaporator provides a water purification process for both the separation of dissolved components as well as providing for thermal pasteurization / sterilization. Suitable water inputs are seawater, brackish water and water with those waterborne diseases and pathogens which can be killed through pasteurization/sterilization.
id-WO2011092316A2    abstract-A heat exchange unit for hot gas heat recovery comprising: a heat exchange duct housing a heat exchange array; a bypass duct; an arrangement configured to cause variable amounts of hot gas to flow through the bypass duct and the heat exchange duct; and a barrier intermediate the heat exchange duct and bypass duct and including a cavity through which a fluid may be introduced so as to extract heat that would otherwise transfer from the bypass duct to the heat exchange duct and/or vice versa.
id-KR20170105121A    abstract-스팀을 발생시키는 시스템 및 방법은, 석탄의 연속 공급을 제공하는 단계, 상기 석탄을 제1 가공 챔버에서 산소 및 물의 존재하에 연소시켜 제1 생성물 가스 스트림을 제공하는 단계, 제1 열 회수 스팀 발생기에서 상기 제1 생성물 가스 스트림으로부터 열을 회수하여 제1 스팀 산출물을 제조하는 단계, 상기 제1 생성물 가스 스트림을 제2 가공 챔버에서 산소 및 물의 존재하에 가공하여 제2 생성물 가스 스트림을 제조하는 단계, 제2 열 회수 스팀 발생기에서 상기 제2 생성물 가스 스트림으로부터 열을 회수하여 제2 스팀 산출물을 제조하는 단계, 및 상기 제1 스팀 산출물과 상기 제2 스팀 산출물을 합하는 단계를 포함한다.  바람직하게는, 상기 합한 스팀 산출물은 스팀 터빈을 구동시키는데 사용되고, 상기 터빈은 발전기에 결합된다.
id-US8828339B2    abstract-A CO shift catalyst according to the present invention is one that reforms carbon monoxide (CO) in gas. The CO shift catalyst includes: active ingredients including one of molybdenum (Mo) and iron (Fe) as a main ingredient and one of nickel (Ni) and ruthenium (Ru) as an accessory ingredient; and one or at least two oxides of titanium (Ti), zirconium (Zr), and cerium (Ce) as a carrier supporting the active ingredients. The CO shift catalyst can be used for a CO shift reactor  20  that converts CO in gasified gas  12  produced in a gasifier  11  into CO 2 .
id-WO2011097622A2    abstract-A system and method for generating power, comprises providing a fuel stream and an oxygen stream to a magnetohydrodynamic generator so as to generate electric power and a first exhaust stream comprising CO 2  and water; and providing the first exhaust stream to an expansion generator so as to generate electric power and a second exhaust stream comprising CO 2  and water at a lower temperature and pressure than the first exhaust steam. The system and method may include the step of separating air upstream of the magnetohydrodynamic generator so as to generate the oxygen stream and may include the step of condensing the second exhaust stream so as to generate water and a wet CO 2  stream. The wet CO 2  stream may be condensed so as to generate water and a dry CO 2  stream, which may be stored underground.
id-CN102200266A    abstract-本申请描述用于预加温热回收蒸汽发生器管系的系统和方法。该热回收蒸汽发生器(300)可包括过热器(160)、第一涡轮分段(110)、与过热器(160)和第一涡轮分段(110)连通的第一主蒸汽管路(170)以及第一预加温管路(310)，第一预加温管路(310)定位在第一主蒸汽管路(170)的下游使得来自过热器(160)的蒸汽流(105)预加热第一主蒸汽管路(170)而不进入第一涡轮分段(110)。
id-CH702677B1    abstract-Es ist ein Kombikraftwerk mit einem Kombikraftwerksanfahrsystem (10) geschaffen. Das Kombikraftwerk enthält eine Dampfturbine (12), einen Abhitzedampferzeuger HRSG (14), einen Kondensator (16) und ein Mitteldruckbypasssystem (20). Die Dampfturbine (12) kann einen Turbinenabschnitt (18) enthalten. Der HRSG (14) kann mit der Dampfturbine (12) betriebsmässig verbunden sein, um Dampf zu der Dampfturbine (12) zu liefern. Der HRSG (14) kann einen Zwischenüberhitzer (15) enthalten. Das Mitteldruckbypasssystem (20) kann konfiguriert sein, um durch Umleitung von Dampf stromabwärts des Zwischenüberhitzers (15) zu dem Kondensator (16) den Dampfdruck stromabwärts von dem Zwischenüberhitzer (15) einzustellen. Das Mitteldruckbypasssystem (20) kann wenigstens eine Bypassleitung (21), wenigstens ein Steuerventil (22), das mit der wenigstens einen Bypassleitung (21) betriebsmässig verbunden ist, einen Druckmesser (24), der konfiguriert ist, um den Dampfdruck stromabwärts von dem Zwischenüberhitzer (15) zu überwachen, und eine Steuereinrichtung (23) enthalten, die konfiguriert ist, um mit dem Druckmesser (24) zu kommunizieren und das wenigstens eine Steuerventil (22) zu betätigen.
id-US20110132280A1    abstract-The carbon-free fire tube boiler is a boiler for heating water by combustion of hydrocarbon fuels with oxygen. The boiler includes a housing defining first and second heat transfer stages. At least one oxygen transport reactor is received within the first heat transfer stage. The oxygen transport reactor includes an outer wall and an inner cylindrical ion transport membrane. The membrane receives pressurized air and separates gaseous oxygen therefrom, transporting the oxygen into an annular region between the membrane and the outer wall. The gaseous hydrocarbon fuel is delivered into the annular region for combustion, producing gaseous carbon dioxide and water vapor. A water reservoir is defined within the first and second stages, with the at least one oxygen transport reactor and at least one transfer tube passing therethrough. The carbon dioxide and the water vapor are delivered through the at least one transfer tube for heating water contained therein.
id-US20110185712A1    abstract-An energy separation and recovery system wherein energy forms which might otherwise be wasted are employed in conjunction with a heat exchanger and a super heater to generate steam in a substantially closed-loop system wherein the heat supply is an open system. The superheated steam is transmitted to an engine to generate power which may be used to supply electrical energy. The electrical energy may be employed external to the system. Stepped diameter tubing carries water, or other vaporizable fluids, through the heat exchanger into the super heater while simultaneously exposing the carried water or fluid to incrementally higher temperature heated gas. Variable bellows, attached operatively to end plates accommodate the differential expansion of the tubing. The energy generation system includes a control module to permit the generation of steam and electricity at such times as there is sufficient heat to permit the generation of superheated steam.      The energy separation and recovery system may, alternatively, be employed to provide the power to an engine or other device or may provide an energy source to an alternative power consumption device which does not result in the generation of power.
id-US8069666B1    abstract-One or more systems for generating shaft horsepower by using waste heat from combustion exhaust are provided herein. The system can include a heat recovery silencer, a turbine, a compressor, a combustion source, and a control system.
id-WO2011102925A2    abstract-A method of operating a gasification facility includes injecting a carbonaceous material into a gasification reactor. The method also includes converting at least a portion of the carbonaceous material into a solid waste byproduct that includes residual carbon. The method further includes reactivating at least a portion of the residual carbon. The method also includes injecting at least a portion of the reactivated carbon into the gasification reactor.
id-WO2011103873A3    abstract-Die Erfindung beschreibt ein Heiz- und/oder Kühlsystem, umfassend eine Dampfkraftmaschine und eine Adsorptionskältemaschine.
id-US8397493B1    abstract-One or more methods for recovering waste heat from a combustion system performing a first operation and a second operation with the waste heat are provided herein. The method can include providing exhaust from a combustion system performing the first operation to an inner housing of a heat recovery silencer. Heat can be transferred from the exhaust to a heat transfer fluid in a heat recovery flow path to form a heated heat transfer fluid. The heat recovery flow path can be formed between the inner housing and an outer housing of the heat recovery silencer to form a heated heat transfer fluid.
id-EP2553336B1    abstract-
id-US8733109B2    abstract-A method and apparatus for generation of electric power employing fuel and air staging in which a first stage gas turbine and a second stage partial oxidation gas turbine power operated in parallel. A first portion of fuel and oxidant are provided to the first stage gas turbine which generates a first portion of electric power and a hot oxidant. A second portion of fuel and oxidant are provided to the second stage partial oxidation gas turbine which generates a second portion of electric power and a hot syngas. The hot oxidant and the hot syngas are provided to a bottoming cycle employing a fuel-fired boiler by which a third portion of electric power is generated.
id-US9157336B2    abstract-A waste heat recovery structure includes a first exhaust gas flow path provided to each of steel making electric arc furnaces to discharge exhaust gas thereinto; a waste heat boiler disposed on the first exhaust gas flow path to recover waste heat as saturated steam from exhaust gas; a steam accumulator configured to store steam formed by confluence of saturated steam parts, each generated by the waste heat boiler; a steam super heater configured to turn steam into superheated steam by heating; a second exhaust gas flow path configured to lead exhaust gas from the waste heat boiler to the steam super heater to use it for superheating; a third exhaust gas flow path configured to discharge exhaust gas from the waste heat boiler not through the steam super heater; and a switching device configured to switch flow paths between the second and third exhaust gas flow paths.
id-US20120079825A1    abstract-A generator comprising heat differential, pressure, and conversion modules, and a heat recovery arrangement; the differential module comprising a first high temperature reservoir containing a work medium at high temperature, a second low temperature reservoir containing a work medium at low temperature and a heat mechanism in fluid communication with the reservoir(s). The heat mechanism maintains a temperature difference therebetween by providing heat to and/or removing heat from the reservoirs; the pressure module comprises a pressure medium in selective fluid communication with the reservoirs for alternately performing a heat exchange process with the work medium. The pressure medium fluctuates between a minimal and maximal temperature corresponding to the high and low temperatures of the work medium; the conversion module utilizes temperature changes of the pressure medium for production of output energy; the recovery arrangement absorbs heat from the pressure medium and provides heat to the differential or pressure module.
id-CN102249092A    abstract-本发明涉及用于波斯美崔克固体泵的固体原料导向装置，具体而言，在一个实施例中，系统包括波斯美崔克泵导向器(222)，其配置成安装在波斯美崔克泵(10)的端口中。波斯美崔克泵导向器(222)包括限定通向波斯美崔克泵(10)的第一通路(292)和第二通路(294)的第一分配通道(250)和第二分配通道(252)的第一分流器(248)。第一分流器(248)包括关于第一盘片开口(350)而间隔开的第一对护罩壁(332)。波斯美崔克泵导向器(222)还包括横向于第一分流器(248)延伸的接界(214)。
id-CN102869856B    abstract-一种由包含H 2 S的酸性气体发电的方法，所述方法包括如下步骤：(a)向酸性气体脱除装置提供包含天然气和H 2 S的酸性气体物流，得到清洁天然气和包含H 2 S的酸性气体；(b)在燃气轮机中利用含氧气体燃烧清洁天然气物流以产生电力和热的烟道气；(c)将热烟道气送至第一热回收蒸汽发生器，以产生蒸汽和清洁烟道气；(d)在含氧气体存在下使包含H 2 S的酸性气体中的至少部分H 2 S燃烧，以获得包含SO 2 的热气体流出物；(e)将包含SO 2 的热气体流出物送至第二热回收蒸汽发生器，以产生蒸汽和冷却的包含SO 2 的气体流出物；(f)将冷却的包含SO 2 的气体流出物引入硫酸装置，以产生硫酸、蒸汽和清洁烟道气物流。
id-WO2011131041A1    abstract-
id-CA2702072A1    abstract-This invention maximizes the energy potential for fossil fuel burning combustion engines. It does this by recovering the heat from the exhaust and turning it into mechanical or electrical energy through the use of steam technology. In addition, the residual heat can be recovered for hot water applications. This invention merges the 120 odd years of combustion engine technology (fossil fuelled, hydrogen, piston and/or gas turbine) with the 400 years of steam technology (steam turbine and steam engine).   Passing the engine exhaust gasses through a single tube heat exchanger, cools them by transferring heat to the water in the water jacket. The water will flash to steam which powers a steam turbine or engine connected to an electrical generator. For vehicle applications, power is now provided from two sources, the vehicle engine itself plus the electrical energy produced by the heat recovered from its exhaust.   Cooling exhaust gasses will produce deposit of particulates that would otherwise be expelled into the atmosphere, to build up inside the Heat Exchanger. Use of a single tube with a clean out cap allows periodic cleaning using a simple brush system similar to a chimney sweep or gun barrel. The particulates can be swept up and disposed of in an environmentally friendly manner.   Today, the technology and materials are available to emplace this system on ships and motor vehicles of all sizes. In addition, generator applications can replace fossil fuel furnaces for building applications to provide both electrical power and heat.   In addition to maximizing energy potential of fossil fuels, this invention will:   a. Reduce particulate and green house gas emissions into the atmosphere by cooling exhaust gas and cleaning the deposits from the Heat Exchanger.   b. Reduce the Infra-Red (Heat) signature of applications, of particular interest for war ships, by cooling the engine exhaust and dumping it into the water vice the air making it harder to detect.   c. Reduce combustion engine size requirements while improving fuel economy by capturing energy that was otherwise wasted. This translates into longer range, reduced fuel loads and/or increased cargo area.   d. Provide electrical power, hot water and building heat for all manner of structures from factories to cottages by replacing fossil fuelled furnaces with an electrical generator/heating system. Recovered heat could even be used to provide the heat for a clothes dryer while surplus electrical energy is fed to the power grid.   e. Provide a means to purify or desalinate water by vaporizing impure water, sterilization through heat and then condensing and capturing it.
id-US9874113B2    abstract-A system for generating steam supplies of coal another material to one or more processing chambers. Each processing chamber includes a plasma arc torch that heats the material in the presence of water and a treatment gas at an extremely high temperature. A product gas stream is delivered from each processing chamber to a heat recovery steam generator (HRSG). Each HRSG generates steam that is used to drive a steam turbine. The processing chambers and HRSGs are fluidly connected so that the product gas streams moves from a processing chamber, to a HRSG, to another processing chamber, and then to another HRSG, etc. Within any of the HRSGs, or after the final HRSG, water in the product gas may condense to liquid water that may be redirected to any of the processing chambers. In addition, CO 2  from the final HRSG may be redirected into any of the processing chambers to facilitate further reactions in the chambers.
id-US8234863B2    abstract-In various embodiments, efficiency of energy storage and recovery systems compressing and expanding gas is improved via heat exchange between the gas and a heat-transfer fluid.
id-EP2390565B1    abstract-
id-KR101119724B1    abstract-본 발명은 소성로로부터 대기로 방사되는 폐열을 회수하여 증기 또는 온수를 생성함으로써 열 효율을 증가시킬 수 있는 폐열 회수 장치를 개시한다. 본 발명에 따른 폐열 회수 장치는 내부에서 소성 재료에 대한 소성 공정이 진행되는 소성로 본체의 일측에 배치되며, 외부에서 공급된 물이 내부에서 유동하여 소성로의 본체로부터 방사된 열에 의하여 가열되어 온수가 되는 온수 생산 유니트; 및 소성로의 본체의 또 다른 일측에 배치되며, 온수 생산 유니트로부터 공급된 온수가 본체로부터 방사된 열에 의하여 가열되어 증기로 변환되는 증기 생산 유니트를 포함한다. 온수 생산 유니트는 소성로의 본체의 외주면과 대응하는 플레이트 및 플레이트에 장착되며 물 유입단과 온수 배출단을 갖는 물 유동 라인을 포함하며, 또한 증기 생산 유니트는 본체의 외주면과 대응하며 내부에는 온수 생산 유니트로부터 공급된 물이 수용되는 하우징; 하우징에 형성되고 온수 생산 유니트의 온수 배출단에 연결된 온수 유입단; 하우징에 형성되며 외부로 증기를 배출하는 증기 배출단을 포함한다.
id-EP2386720A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft einen Strömungskanal (12) für den Abgasstrom einer stationären Gasturbine (10), bei der an der in den Strömungskanal (12) begrenzende Wand (14) ein radial in den Strömungskanal ragender Kragen (22) vorgesehen ist, um durch Turbulenzerzeugung eine bessere radiale Durchmischung der wandnahen Strömung und eine geringere Ablöseneigung zu erreichen. Als Kragen ist eine Lochblende vorgesehen.
id-KR20110126817A    abstract-본 발명은 브라운가스를 이용한 보텀에쉬 연소장치에 관한 것으로, 더욱 상세하게는 화력발전소에서 유연탄의 연소시 불완전연소에 의한 부산물인 보텀에쉬(bottom ash)를 연소효율이 가장 뛰어난 브라운가스와 광범위한 연소범위를 갖는 벙커유(또는 중유)를 혼합한 혼합연료를 이용하여 회전연소실과 고정연소실에서 가장 경제적으로 완전 연소시켜 재활용이 가능한 에쉬로 재처리하도록 구성되는 브라운가스를 이용한 보텀에쉬 연소장치를 제공함에 그 목적이 있다. 그리고, 상기한 목적을 달성하기 위하여 본 발명은 브라운가스와 벙커유(또는 중유)를 7:3의 중량비로 혼합한 혼합연료를 제1,2연소버너(11,12)에 공급하는 연료공급탱크(10)와; 상향경사지면서 회전되도록 설치되고, 그 상측편의 상부와 하측편의 하부에 각각 보텀에쉬공급호퍼(21)와 연소에쉬드레인관(22)이 설치되며, 그 내화벽돌층(27)의 내주면을 따라 에쉬체류편(26)이 구비되고, 그 하측편에 상기 제1연소버너(11)가 구비되는 회전연소실(20)과; 회전연소실(20)에서 배출되는 배기가스를 상기 제2연소버너(12)를 이용하여 연소시키는 고정연소실(30);로 구성하되, 고정연소실(30)의 상부로 배출되는 고온의 배기가스를 폐열스팀보일러(40)에서 스팀을 발생시키도록 재할용한 후, 냉각 및 필터체(50)와 연도(70)를 통해 외부로 배출하도록 구성되는 것을 특징으로 하는 브라운가스를 이용한 보텀에쉬 연소장치를 제공하게 된다.
id-DE102010029273B4    abstract-Hochtemperaturfluidtransportsystem (1) in modularer Bauweise, insbesondere für eine vertikale Ausrichtung, aufweisend – ein rohrförmiges Außenwandungsmodul (8) mit einer druckbelastbaren Wandung (9), – ein rohrförmiges Innenwandungsmodul (11), umfassend eine thermisch belastbare Wandung (12) mit einer auf der Außenseite vollumfänglich angeordneten thermischen Isolierung (13), wobei – die Wandungen (9, 12) koaxial zu einer Längsachse (24) des Hochtemperaturfluidtransportsystem (1) angeordnet sind sowie – zwischen der Außenseite der Isolierung (13) des Innenwandungsmoduls (11) und der Innenseite der Wandung (9) des Außenwandungsmoduls (8) ein Spalt (14) ausgebildet ist, dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass – an den Stirnseiten der Wandung (12) und der Isolierung (13) des Innenwandungsmoduls (11) jeweils ineinander steckbare Verbindungen ausgebildet sind, wobei die Verbindungen in Richtung der Längsachse (24) beweglich ausgebildet sind und eine Relativbewegung einander angrenzender Innenwandungsmodule (11) ermöglichen, – das Außenwandungsmodul (8) an den Stirnseiten Flansche (10) für eine lösbare Verbindung einander angrenzender Außenwandungsmodule...
id-EP2397659B1    abstract-
id-EP2402567B1    abstract-
id-US20160097532A1    abstract-The present techniques provide systems and methods for recovering energy from flare gases in chemical plants and refineries. The systems use an engine to burn a portion of gas diverted from the flare system. The engine may be a reciprocating engine, or a burner in a boiler system, among others. The power generated by burning the flare gas is then used to power an energy recovery device. The energy recovery device may be an electrical generator, a compressor, or a steam boiler, among others.
id-KR20110134128A    abstract-선박용 증기발생장치가 개시된다. 본 발명의 실시예에 따른 선박용 증기발생장치는, 선박에 전기를 공급하며 배기 관로를 구비한 발전기 엔진, 배기 관로의 외주면에 제공되며 발전기 엔진에서 배출되어 배기 관로를 통과하는 폐기 가스의 열을 이용하여 증기를 발생시키는 증기 발생부, 증기 발생부에 물을 공급하는 물 공급 관로, 물 공급 관로에 연결되는 펌프, 그리고 증기 발생부에서 생산된 증기를 선박의 필요한 부분에 공급하는 증기 배출관로를 포함한다.
id-KR101269397B1    abstract-본 발명은 차르 연소로에서 연소되어 생성된 폐기소각재와, 연소장치에서 생성된 폐기소각재를, 폐열보일러에서 생성된 스팀을 제공하여 제올라이트 물질로 합성시켜 흡착성능 및 이온교환성능이 부여된 흡착제로 제조하는 가연성 폐기물 기체화 장치와, 이 장치를 이용하여 폐기소각재를 흡착제로 제조하는 방법을 제공한다.
id-KR20120000407A    abstract-본 발명은 열분해장치가 가연성 폐기물을 열분해하는 과정에서 부산물로서 생성되는 차르에, 폐열보일러에서 생성된 스팀을 제공하여 활성화시킴과 더불어 활성화된 차르 표면 또는 기공 사이에 합성된 제올라이트 물질을 담지시켜 흡착성능 및 이온교환성능이 부여된 흡착제로 제조하는 가연성 폐기물 기체화 장치와, 이 장치를 이용하여 차르를 흡착제로 제조하는 방법을 제공한다.
id-US10066512B2    abstract-The application relates to a system for using the waste heat of an internal combustion engine through the Clausius-Rankine cycle. Such system prevents operating medium from the Clausius-Rankine cycle from leaking into combustion air or exhaust air. The system has a first flow channel formed by at least one first limiting component and a second flow channel formed by at least one second limiting component. The system has a fluid-conducting connection to the surroundings or to a receiving chamber from the first limiting component and preferably from the second limiting component, so that in the event of a leak the operating medium is conducted into the surroundings or into the receiving chamber.
id-EP2412943B1    abstract-
id-KR101457783B1    abstract-가스 터빈의 배열에 의해, 증기 터빈의 고압실로부터 배출된 증기를 재열하고, 상기 증기를 중압실에 도입하여, 상기 증기 터빈을 구동하는 컴바인드 사이클 발전 장치이며, 상기 고압실로부터 배출된 증기보다도 고온이며, 또한, 상기 가스 터빈을 냉각한 후의 냉각 증기를, 상기 가스 터빈의 배열에 의해 재열된 재열 증기가 도입되는 재열 증기 입구와는 별개의 냉각 증기 입구로부터, 상기 중압실에 도입하여 냉각하도록 했다.
id-US20120037056A1    abstract-An integrated process for operating a fossil fuel fired power plant including: producing hydrogen gas and an aqueous solution of hydrogen peroxide via a process including: dissociating hydrogen gas and oxygen gas from water; pressurizing the hydrogen gas and the oxygen gas; and mixing, under pressure, the oxygen gas and at least about a stoichiometric portion of the hydrogen gas with an aqueous solution of a catalyst and a promoter to form the aqueous solution of hydrogen peroxide; supplying a remainder of the hydrogen gas to at least one of (a) a storage means, (b) a boiler detonation cleaning system of the fossil fuel fired power plant, and (c) an electrical generator of the fossil fuel fired power plant; and injecting the aqueous solution of hydrogen peroxide into an air pollution control system of the fossil fuel fired power plant.
id-WO2012025426A2    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft einen Abhitzedampferzeuger mit einem Gehäuse (G), einem Heizflächenbündel (H) dessen berippte Rohre von einem heißen Medium (D) umströmt werden und so Wärme vom heißen Medium (D) an ein im Heizflächenbündel (H) strömende Wärmeträgermedium übertragen wird, und einem Strömungsleitblech zum Abdecken eines Spaltes (S) zwischen dem Heizflächenbündel (H) und einer Gehäuseinnenwand. Dabei ist das Leitblech in ein erstes am Gehäuse angeordnetes Teilblech (B1) und ein zweites am Heizflächenbündel angeordnetes Teilblech (B2) unterteilt, wobei die Teilbleche (B1,B2) sich in einem Überlappungsbereich (Ü) formschlüssig gleitend überlappen.
id-US9151277B2    abstract-A method of power generation, including: igniting a biomass boiler; starting a solar concentrating collector; measuring water temperature t 3  at water outlet main of the solar concentrating collector; opening a second control valve arranged between the water outlet main and the boiler drum when t 3  is greater or equal to 95° C.; closing the second control valve and the third control valve to prevent water in the solar collector tube from running and to maintain the water in a heat preserving and inactive state if the water temperature t 3  decreases and t 3  is less than 95° C.; turning the turbonator unit into a thermal power generation mode; opening a first control valve arranged between the water outlet main and a water supply tank if the water temperature t 3  continues decreasing and when t 3  is between 5 and 9° C.; and turning the turbonator unit into a biomass boiler power generation mode.
id-US20170198634A1    abstract-A method and system for cost effectively converting a feedstock using thermal plasma, or other styles of gassifiers, into a feedwater energy transfer system. The feedstock can be any organic material, or fossil fuel. The energy transferred in the feedwater is converted into steam which is then injected into the low turbine of a combined cycle power plant. Heat is extracted from gas product issued by a gassifier and delivered to a power plant via its feedwater system. The gassifier is a plasma gassifier and the gas product is syngas. In a further embodiment, prior to performing the step of extracting heat energy, there is is provided the further step of combusting the syngas in an afterburner. An air flow, and/or EGR flow is provided to the afterburner at a rate that is varied in response to an operating characteristic of the afterburner. The air flow to the afterburner is heated.
id-US9513000B2    abstract-An oxygen combustion system includes a boiler to burn fuel using combustion gas composed of oxygen-rich gas and circulating flue gas, a dust remover disposed in a flue through which flue gas discharged from the boiler flows, a second flue leading the combustion gas to the boiler, the combustion gas being made by mixing the circulating flue gas extracted downstream of the dust remover with the oxygen-rich gas, a combustion gas heater exchanging heat between the flue gas flowing between the boiler and dust remover and the combustion gas flowing through the second flue, and a flue gas cooler disposed between the heater and the dust remover to cool the flue gas. A control unit controls at least one of a flow rate and cooling medium temperature of the flue gas cooler such that temperature of the flue gas introduced into the dust remover will be between 90° C. and 140° C.
id-EP2623741B1    abstract-
id-JP5331939B2    abstract-
id-CN103108832B    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于在生产合成气体的可加热重整反应器中生产工艺蒸气和锅炉给水水蒸气的方法。通过根据本发明的方法，可以使用从烃类和水蒸气生产的合成气体的显热以便得到两种类型的蒸气，这两种蒸气相应地是在锅炉给水和工艺冷凝液的加热和蒸发过程中产生，并且其中该方法还包括所包含于该合成气体中的一氧化碳的转化，并且其中该方法包括使用来自该重整反应器的加热器的烟气来任选地加热该锅炉给水。通过该方法，可以更有效地使用该合成气体的和来源于该加热器的烟气的显热，其中由烟气管道中的波动的供热引起的、来自该烟气加热器的缺点得以避免。本发明进一步涉及一种装置，通过该装置可以施行所述方法。
id-WO2012039225A1    abstract-廃熱源と、作動流体回路と、制限部とを含むランキンサイクル装置が開示される。作動流体回路は、ポンプと、熱交換器と、膨張機と、凝縮器と、を順次接続することによって構成される。ポンプは作動流体を圧送する。熱交換機はポンプより圧送された作動流体を廃熱源からの廃熱と熱交換させる。膨張機は熱交換器で熱交換された作動流体を膨張させて機械的エネルギーを出力する。凝縮器は膨張機で膨張された作動流体を凝縮させる。制限部は、ポンプの入口、又は前記膨張機の入口で検知される温度情報に基づいて、作動流体回路上でのポンプの出口から膨張機の入口までの間に作動流体が受け取る熱量を制限する。
id-DE102010044642A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft einen Wärmeerzeuger mit Brennwerttechnik mit einer Erzeugung von Kondensat aus Rauchgasen aus einer Verbrennung fossiler Wärmeträger. Um dies bei der Entnahme von Prozesswärme im industriellen Gewerbe zu erreichen, ist ein Austauscher vom Typ gas/flüssig zur Entnahme von Kondensat von den Abgasen vorgesehen. Hierdurch kann im industriellen Gewerbe ein Wärmeerzeuger mit Brennwerttechnik ausgestattet werden.
id-KR20120032123A    abstract-본 발명은 산성가스 분리용 저 에너지 재생공정 및 장치에 관한 것이다. 본 발명은 이산화탄소를 흡수 분리하는 이산화탄소 포집공정과; 보일러에서 연료 연소를 통해 증기를 발생시키고, 응축된 증기를 급수 가열기를 통해 가열시켜 상기 보일러에 공급시키는 화력발전 공정과; 이산화탄소 포집공정에서 사용된 스팀을 수질 조건에 따라 화력발전 공정의 급수 가열기의 급수 측 또는 가열원 측으로 보내는 보일러 급수기 공급 공정을 포함한다. 이와 같은 본 발명에 의하면, 폐 스팀을 효율적으로 활용하게 됨으로써 산성가스(이산화탄소 등) 포집설비의 전체 소비 에너지를 크게 낮추게 됨으로써 활발한 활용을 기대할 수 있다.
id-DE102010046804A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft Rohrbündel-Wärmetauscher mit einer Vielzahl von Rohrwicklungen, die von einem gemeinsamen Einlassraum für ein Wärmemedium ausgehen und in einen gemeinsamen Auslassraum münden, wobei jede Rohrwicklung eine alternierende Abfolge von Rohrstücken und Rohrbögen umfasst; und wobei die Rohrbögen als Umlenkung um 180° bezüglich einer zugeordneten Bogenachse ausgebildet sind und gleiche Biegeradien aufweisen. Die Erfindung ist dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass entlang jeder Rohrwicklung die Bogenachsen von Rohrbögen, die an dasselbe Rohrstück angeschlossen sind in Winkelstellung zueinander stehen und die Bogenachsen von Rohrbögen zwischen denen in unmittelbarer Abfolge ein Rohrstück, ein Rohrbogen und ein weiteres Rohrstück angeordnet sind, parallel verlaufen.
id-WO2012034876A3    abstract-Ein Verfahren zur Regelung einer kurzfristigen Leistungserhöhung einer Dampfturbine mit einem vorgeschalteten Abhitzedampferzeuger (1) mit einer Anzahl von einen Strömungsweg (2) bildenden, von einem Strömungsmedium (M) durchströmten Economiser-, Verdampfer- und Überhitzerheizflächen (4), bei dem in einer Druckstufe Strömungsmedium (M) aus dem Strömungsweg (2) abgezweigt und stromungsmediumsseitig zwischen zwei Überhitzerheizflächen (4) der jeweiligen Druckstufe in den Strömungsweg eingespritzt wird, wobei ein für die Abweichung der Austrittstemperatur der stromungsmediumsseitig letzten Überhitzerheizfläche der jeweiligen Druckstufe von einem vorgegebenen Temperatursollwert charakteristischer erster Kennwert als Regelgröße für die Menge des eingespritzten Strömungsmedium (M) verwendet wird, soll den Wirkungsgrad des Dampfprozesses nicht über Gebühr beeinträchtigen.
id-EP2619334B1    abstract-
id-EP2434214A1    abstract-A heat recovery steam generator (1) is disclosed, comprising a main casing (2) with a hot gas inlet (3), a plurality of tube bundles (4-8) arranged inside said casing, wherein a first tube bundle or group of tube bundles (4, 5) form a hot portion (11) of said generator, and a second tube bundle or group of tube bundles (6-8) form a cold portion (12) of said generator, the hot portion having a mean temperature, under normal operating conditions, greater than said cold portion, said generator also comprising a multi-louver shutter operable between said hot portion and said cold portion, to provide a thermal insulation means between said hot portion and cold portion.
id-KR101878763B1    abstract-압축기로부터의 압축 공기 또는 윤활유의 열에 의해 온수를 얻는 시스템에 있어서 얻어지는 온수의 양 또는 온도를 조정해도 압축기의 냉각에 영향을 주지 않도록 한다. 압축기(2)로부터의 압축 공기를 냉각하는 제 1 에어 쿨러(8)와, 압축기(2)의 윤활유를 냉각하는 제 1 오일 쿨러(10) 이외에 열 회수용 열 교환기로서 제 2 에어 쿨러(9) 및/또는 제 2 오일 쿨러(11)를 구비한다. 제 2 에어 쿨러(9)는 제 1 에어 쿨러(8)로 보내지는 압축 공기의 열로 물을 가열한다. 제 2 오일 쿨러(11)는 제 1 오일 쿨러(10)로 보내지는 윤활유의 열로 물을 가열한다. 열 회수용 열 교환기를 통과한 후의 온수의 사용 부하에 의거하여 열 회수용 열 교환기로의 급수를 제어하거나 열 회수용 열 교환기를 통과한 후의 온수의 온도에 의거하여 열 회수용 열 교환기로의 급수를 제어한다.
id-CN103154442B    abstract-本发明建议一种用于内燃机（2）的废热利用的装置和方法，其中，一个给水泵（6）、一个热交换器（8）、一个膨胀机（10）和一个冷凝器（12）设置在一个管道回路（4）中，工作介质在该管道回路中循环。此外，一个用于储存蒸汽状的工作介质的蒸汽储存器（40）设置在所述管道回路（4）中。
id-EP2643559B1    abstract-
id-WO2012045730A3    abstract-Ein Verfahren zur Regelung einer kurzfristigen Leistungserhöhung einer Dampfturbine mit einem vorgeschalteten fossil befeuerten Dampferzeuger (1) mit einer Anzahl von einen Strömungsweg (2) bildenden, von einem Strömungsmedium M durchströmten Economiser-, Verdampfer- und Überhitzerheizflächen (4), bei dem in einer Druckstufe Strömungsmedium M aus dem Strömungsweg (2) abgezweigt und strömungsmediumsseitig vor einer Überhitzerheizfläche (4) der jeweiligen Druckstufe in den Strömungsweg eingespritzt wird, wobei ein für die Abweichung der Austrittstemperatur der stromungsmediumsseitig letzten Überhitzerheizfläche der jeweiligen Druckstufe von einem vorgegebenen Temperatursollwert charakteristischer erster Kennwert als Regelgröße für die Menge des eingespritzten Strömungsmediums M verwendet wird.
id-US20120102962A1    abstract-A combined cycle power plant includes a gas turbomachine, a steam turbomachine operatively connected to the gas turbomachine, a heat recovery steam generator (HRSG) operatively connected to the gas turbomachine and the steam turbomachine, and a cooling system fluidly connected to the gas turbomachine. The cooling system is configured and disposed to pass a coolant through the gas turbomachine to absorb heat. A condensate system is fluidly connected to the steam turbine and the HRSG. The condensate system is configured and disposed to deliver a steam condensate from the steam turbine to the HRSG. A heat exchange member is fluidly connected to the cooling system and the condensate system. The heat exchange member is configured and disposed to transfer heat entrained in the coolant to the steam condensate.
id-CN102454483A    abstract-本发明涉及空气冷却式冷凝器雾化控制系统。本发明的一些实施例可包括用于控制涡轮蒸汽排出温度的系统、方法及设备。根据本发明的示例性实施例，提供了一种用于控制蒸汽轮机输出的方法。该方法可包括测量与涡轮冷却冷凝器(126)相关联的一个或多个单元(207)相关联的一个或多个温度或背压，以及至少部分地响应于测得的一个或多个温度或背压来控制一个或多个单元(207)的温度分布。
id-DE102010048065A1    abstract-Eine Vorrichtung mit einem Wärmetauscher mit einer Zuleitung für ein Medium von einem Mediumeinlass zum Wärmetauschereingang und einer Ableitung vom Wärmetauscherausgang zeichnet sich dadurch aus, dass sie einen ersten Bypass vom Mediumeinlass zur Ableitung und einen zweiten Bypass von der Zuleitung zum Mediumauslass und Ventilen aufweist, sodass das Medium auch vom Wärmetauscherausgang zum Wärmetauschereingang fließen kann.
id-CN103201464A    abstract-蒸汽轮机设备（1）具有蒸汽轮机（12）和用于对蒸汽消耗器进行供给的具有进汽收集管道部段（19）的进汽收集管道（16），其中进汽收集管道（16）在进汽收集管道部段（19）的进汽导入部位（21）处导入到蒸汽轮机（12）的废蒸汽流中，并且蒸汽馈入装置（18）在蒸汽轮机（12）上设有切换阀（17），蒸汽馈入装置（18）借助所述切换阀在进汽导入部位（21）的上游连接到进汽收集管道部段（19）上并且切换阀能够被控制地切换成，使得当在进汽收集管道部段（19）中废蒸汽压强小于额定压强时，进汽收集管道部段（19）与蒸汽馈入装置（18）以传导蒸汽的方式连接并且在切换阀（17）和进汽导入部位（21）之间中断，否则蒸汽馈入装置（18）与进汽收集管道部段（19）分开。
id-WO2012057657A1    abstract-Изобретение относится к области теплоэнергетики. Автономная энергогенерирующая система, включает котел с магистралями подвода горючего и окислителя, магистрали отвода отработанных газов, магистрали горячего водоснабжения, контур теплоносителя с магистралями и теплообменниками, генератор электрической энергии, механически связанный с приводом, контур рабочего тела, с магистралями, при этом магистраль отвода отработанных газов включает дымовую трубу для отвода в атмосферу продуктов сгорания, секцию доохлаждения продуктов сгорания с оросителем и контактным устройством на котором происходит наиболее интенсивный теплообмен продуктов сгорания и теплоносителя, канал с колпаком для пропускания барботированием продуктов сгорания через теплоноситель в упомянутом накопителе, контур теплоносителя включает магистрали отвода тепла из упомянутого накопителя в конструктивные элементы здания или сооружения. Изобретение позволяет снизить эксплуатационные затраты для производства электроэнергии и тепла.
id-FR2966472A1    abstract-L'opération de production d'électricité par oxy-combustion dans l'unité OC produit un flux riche en CO qui est injecté et stocké dans un aquifère salin AS. Lors du stockage du CO , on évacue de l'eau saline 6 de AS. On effectue une opération d'électrolyse de l'eau saline dans l'unité E afin de produire simultanément l'oxygène 2 nécessaire à l'oxy-combustion et de l'hydrogène 8, mais aussi de traiter l'eau saline 6.
id-WO2012048756A1    abstract-Die vorliegende Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zur Herstellung und/oder Verarbeitung eines Produktes, enthaltend die folgenden Schritte: Bereitstellung elektrischer Energie (E) und thermischer Energie mittels mindestens einer Gasturbine, insbesondere mittels mindestens einer Mikrogasturbine (1;1'); Verwendung zumindest eines Teils der von der Gasturbine bereitgestellten elektrischen Energie (E) und zumindest eines Teils der von der Gasturbine bereitgestellten thermischen Energie zur Herstellung und/oder Verarbeitung des Produktes. Des weiteren sind eine Anlage (3;3';3'';3''') zur Herstellung und/oder Verarbeitung eines Produktes sowie ein Verfahren zum Aufrüsten oder Umrüsten einer Anlage zur Herstellung und/oder Verarbeitung eines Produktes offenbart.
id-KR20120037197A    abstract-본 발명은 하이브리드형 태양열 복합화력 발전 장치에 관한 것으로, 복합화력과 태양열의 하이브리드 형태에서 태양열로부터 생성된 중온의 증기를 폐열회수보일러의 운전에 영향을 받지 않으면서도 폐열회수보일러에서 생산되는 증기의 양과 최종 증기의 온도 제어가 용이하도록 하고 태양열로부터 생성된 중온의 증기를 복합화력으로 생성된 고온의 최종 증기와 동등한 온도로 만들어 발전효율이 향상되도록 하는 하이브리드형 태양열 복합화력 발전 장치를 제공함에 있다. 상기 목적 달성을 위한 본 발명은 가스터빈 배기가스의 폐열을 이용하여 증기를 발생시키는 폐열회수보일러본체; 상기 폐열회수보일러본체로 설치되어 보일러드럼에서 발생되는 증기를 과열할 수 있도록 하는 1차과열배관부; 상기 1차과열배관부에서 1차적으로 과열된 증기를 2차적으로 과열해주도록 상기 폐열회수 1차과열배관부와 연결관을 통해 연결되고 상기 폐열회수보일러본체로 설치되는  2차과열배관부; 상기 1차과열배관부와 2차과열배관부 사이에 위치하도록 상기 폐열회수보일러본체에 설치되어 태양열에 의해 발생된 증기가 과열되도록 하는 태양열증기 과열배관부; 상기 태양열증기 과열배관부와 2차과열배관부에 연결되어 과열된 증기를 혼합하여 증기터빈으로 공급해주는 증기혼합기; 상기 태양열증기 과열배관부와 1차과열배관부를 연결하여 상기 보일러드럼에서 발생되는 증기가 태양열증기 과열배관부로 추가 공급될 수 있도록 함으로써 태양열증기 과열배관부를 통해 과열되는 증기의 온도 조절이 가능하도록 하는 추가증기공급배관 및 추가증기공급배관 상에 설치되는 증기유량조절밸브;를 포함하여 구성되는 것을 그 기술적 요지로 한다.
id-EP2455443A1    abstract-A system includes a syngas cooler (18) configured to cool a syngas (16). The syngas cooler (18) includes a first syngas cooler section (20) configured to cool the syngas (16) and a second syngas cooler section (30) configured to cool the syngas (16) and generate a first superheated steam (32) with an enthalpy of less than approximately 3800 kJ/kg.
id-US9829194B2    abstract-The present invention provides a device which comprises: a heat exchanger ( 1 ) for transferring heat of a heat-supplying medium to a working medium which differs from said heat-supplying medium, a first supply device designed to provide a flow of the heat-supplying medium at a first temperature from a heat source to the heat exchanger, and a second supply device which is designed to deliver the heat-supplying medium after it has passed through the heat exchanger, and/or a further medium at a second temperature lower than the first temperature, to the flow of the heat-supplying medium at the first temperature.
id-US20140338577A1    abstract-The energy output of a power plant combustion chamber that combusts fuel comprising biomass as all or part of the fuel can be increased by feeding oxygen into the combustion chamber so that said fuel is in contact with gaseous oxidant whose oxygen content exceeds that of air by up to 5 vol. % above that of air.
id-US20140144137A1    abstract-The invention in the preferred embodiment represents a method of powering any application requiring a motive body of steam in order to produce power, using stoichiometric oxyhydrogen combustion to vaporize a requisite flow of water. The steam-generation process produces water as the sole product of combustion. Applications include providing motive steam for thermal power generation systems within the electric power industry, electric-power generation systems within the railroad locomotive industry, and turbine-driven propulsion systems both water- and aeronautical-based.
id-CN103228991A    abstract-公开了用于管理过量的地面上的玉米残留物的系统和方法。公开了用于燃烧玉米残留物以产生热量来生成蒸汽的热的系统和方法。此外还公开了用于在燃烧玉米残余物之前收割和预处理玉米残留物的方法和系统。
id-WO2012069155A3    abstract-Die Erfindung beschreibt einen Pulsstrahl-Dampferzeuger (1) mit einem Pulsstrahltriebwerk (2) und einem Verdampfer (3). Der Verdampfer (3) ist so angeordnet, dass das heiße Abgas (28) des Triebwerks (2) in den Verdampfer (3) strömt, wo Wasser (29) oder dergleichen Flüssigkeit (29) in das heiße Abgas (28) eingespritzt werden kann. Die eingespritzte Flüssigkeit (29) verdampft im heißen Abgas (28) sehr schnell und tritt als Dampf (30) aus dem Verdampfer (3) aus.
id-WO2012062899A3    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Fahrzeug, insbesondere Rennfahrzeug, mit einer eine Brennkraftmaschine aufweisenden Antriebseinheit (1), und zumindest einer von Luft um- oder durchströmten Einrichtung, insbesondere einer abtriebserhöhenden Einrichtung (32) und/oder eines Kühlers (16) einer Kühleinrichtung. Um auf möglicht einfache Weise die Strömungseigenschaften des Fahrzeuges zu verbessern, ist vorgesehen, dass die zumindest eine von Luft um- oder durchströmte Einrichtung im Ansaugströmungsweg (11) und/oder Austrittsströmungsweg (12) eines ersten Verdichters (9) angeordnet ist, wobei vorzugsweise sowohl im Ansaugströmungsweg (11), als auch im Austrittsströmungsweg (12) des ersten Verdichters (9) zumindest jeweils eine von Luft um- oder durchströmte Einrichtung angeordnet ist, wobei besonders vorzugsweise im Ansaugströmungsweg (11) zumindest ein Kühler (16) und im Austrittsströmungsweg (12) zumindest eine abtriebserhöhende Einrichtung (32) angeordnet ist.
id-JP2012107802A    abstract-【課題】熱交換時の伝熱面におけるバーンアウトの危険性を低下させることにより、伝熱性能の低下の抑制を図る蒸発器を提供することを目的とする。 【解決手段】蒸発器１００は、冷却水と冷媒とを熱交換させる蒸発器である。蒸発器１００は、冷媒流入口１７ｃ及び冷媒流出口１７ｄを有し、冷媒が流通する冷媒流路１７ｆと、冷媒流路１７ｆと熱交換可能に設けられ、熱媒体流入口１８ｃ及び熱媒体流出口１８ｄを有し、冷却水が流通する熱媒体流路１８ｆとを備える。熱媒体流入口１８ｃは、冷媒流路１７ｆにおける冷却水との熱交換によって液体状態から蒸気状態となった冷媒の領域に対応する位置に配置され、熱媒体流路１８ｆは、熱媒体流入口１８ｃより流入した冷却水が蒸気状態となった冷媒の領域に沿って流れるように冷却水を誘導する隔壁部１８ｗを有する。 【選択図】図４
id-KR20120055778A    abstract-플라즈마 용융 시스템이 개시된다. 본 발명의 실시예에 따른 플라즈마 용융 시스템은 플라즈마 용융로, 플라즈마 용융로로 용융 대상 시료를 투입하는 시료 투입 장치, 플라즈마 용융로에 포함되고 플라즈마 용융로 내부에 투입된 용융 대상 시료를 용융하여 용융물 및 배가스를 발생시키는 플라즈마 토치, 플라즈마 용융로 내부에서 발생된 배가스로부터 폐열을 회수하고 스팀을 생성하는 폐열보일러,일 단이 폐열보일러에 연결되고, 타 단이 플라즈마 용융로에 연결되어 폐열보일러에서 생성된 스팀을 플라즈마 토치의 매질로서 플라즈마 용융로에 공급하는 스팀 공급 배관, 폐열보일러를 통과한 배가스를 세정하는 습식 세정기 및 세정된 배가스를 대기로 방출시키는 송풍기를 포함한다.
id-KR101161588B1    abstract-본 발명은 배열회수 보일러의 운전 중에 발생할 수 있는 충격을 미연에 방지하여 제1 모듈의 핀드 튜브(FINNED TUBE) 와 핀의 안전을 도모할 수 있는 배열회수 보일러의 비진동 배플의 핀드 튜브 지지장치를 제공하려는 것으로서, 고압증기생성부와 중압증기생성부 및 저압증기생성부가 내장된 배열회수 보일러에 있어서, 보일러의 배기가스 도입구에 위치하는 제1 모듈과 제2 모듈의 핀드 튜브에 피치간격으로 부착된 복수의 핀 중에서 상측에 인접한 위아래 핀 사이와, 하측에 인접한 위아래 핀 사이에 핀드 튜브와의 틈이 0.5mm로 제한되도록 끼워지는 두께 3mm의 반(半)도너츠형 상하부 서포트(SUPPOT)의 외주면을 반호상 주벽판으로 연결하여 일체화한 슬리브를 비진동 배플의 선단에 부착한 배열회수 보일러의 비진동 배플 튜브 지지장치를 특징으로 한다.
