id-DE202011106101U1    abstract-Der Schutzanspruch besteht darin, dass hier, die anfallende Hitze, die ansonsten ungenutzt in die Umwelt entlassen wird, als Energieträger sinnvoll wieder/weiter genutzt wird.
id-JP2014528556A    abstract-高温で作業媒体を供給するよう構成された第１の高温源と、低温で作業媒体を供給するよう構成された第２の低温源と、第１源及び第２源と流体連通し、上記の第１源で作業媒体に熱を供給することと、上記の第２源で作業媒体から熱を除去することのうち、少なくとも１つの方法によって、これらの間の温度差を維持するよう構成された熱機構と、を備える熱差動式モジュールと、第１の高温源からの作業媒体と第２の低温源からの作業媒体とに選択的に流体連通し、高温／低温の作業媒体との熱交換プロセスを交互に行って、その温度をそれぞれの作業媒体の高温と低温に対応する最低動作温度と最高動作温度との間で変動させる圧力媒体を備える圧力モジュールと、圧力媒体と機械的に接続し、圧力媒体の温度変動を出力エネルギー生成のために利用するよう構成された変換モジュールと、熱差動式モジュール及び圧力モジュールのうち少なくとも１つと熱連通し、上記の熱交換プロセスの間に圧力媒体に伝達されなかった高温及び低温の作業媒体の熱エネルギーの少なくとも一部を受容し、熱差動式モジュール及び圧力モジュールの１つに上記の熱エネルギーを戻すよう構成された熱回収配置と、を備える発電機であって、作業媒体への熱の供給が、補助的な高温の流体との熱交換プロセスによって行われる発電機。【選択図】図７４Ａ
id-US20190056101A1    abstract-Liquid is flash evaporated in a series of cells along and surrounding an exhaust duct to generate a pressurized vapor where at least one of the surfaces is in communication with the source of heat sufficient to maintain the surface at a temperature such that the liquid injected into the chamber is substantially instantly converted to a superheated vapor with no liquid pooling within the chamber. The liquid is introduced by controlled injectors operating at a required rate. Each of the cells is periodically discharged by a pressure controlled relief valve and the vapor from the cells combined to form a continuous stream feeding a turbine or other energy conversion device. The outer wall of the cell is offset so that it contacts the inner wall at one point around the periphery. Heat transfer ribs and bars can be provided in the duct to provide increased heat transfer where necessary.
id-US20130091884A1    abstract-A thermodynamic system for powering a reciprocating device includes a refrigerant passing in a closed loop between a refrigerant compressor, a condenser, an expansion valve, and an evaporator. The system includes a heat source for heating the refrigerant, and an engine for receiving the heated refrigerant. The engine includes a housing, a shaft axially movable within the housing, a piston attached to the shaft, a shifter for reversing piston direction, and porting for passing the refrigerant into and out of the engine housing.
id-WO2013050803A1    abstract-A plant for co - generation of electricity and heating of water. Said plant comprises a combustion chamber (10) for combustion of biomass or of some other fuel. This plant comprises a circulating line (11) for the flue gases produced in said combustion chamber. The plant also comprises an operational circuit in which an organic fluid circulates, operating according to a Rankine cycle. The plant according to the invention further comprises a heat exchange group comprising at least one heat exchanger unit which comprises in its turn at least one first casing (31 ) that can be traversed by said combustion flue gases and at least one second casing (41), physically separate from said first casing (31 ), that can be traversed by said organic fluid. Said unit comprises a plurality of heat pipes (151, 15", 15'"), separated from one another, arranged in such a way that for each of said heat pipes (15 ', 15", 15"') a first portion (16 ') and a second portion (16") are housed respectively in said first casing (31) and in said second casing (31).
id-DE102011084902B3    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft einen Fluiderhitzer und ein Verfahren zur Erwärmung eines Fluids mittels des Fluiderhitzers, in dem kohlenstoffbasierte Brennstoffe verbrannt werden. Die Erfindung betrifft insbesondere die Verbrennung von fossilen bzw. nachwachsenden Rohstoffen, wobei mit der erfindungsgemäße Fluiderhitzer und dem erfindungsgemäßen Verfahren sowohl Biomasse, Kohle, Heizöl, oder ähnliche kohlenstoffbasierten Brennstoffe verbrannt werden können. Dabei wird die der Verbrennung zugeführte Brennluft in einem vierstufigen Verfahren vorgewärmt und derart vorgewärmt der Brennkammer zugeführt, sodass dort eine Hochtemperaturverbrennung der eingesetzten kohlenstoffbasierten Brennstoffe stattfindet, welche sich durch einen sehr geringen Schadstoffausstoß auszeichnet. Die bei der Verbrennung entstehende Asche wird hierbei in verglaster Form aus dem Fluiderhitzer ausgetragen.
id-WO2013050129A1    abstract-Bei einer Einrichtung zur Wärmerückgewinnung werden heiße Abgase von einer Wärmequelle (1) emittiert und einem Wärmeübertrager (2) zugeführt. Die in den Abgasen enthaltene Wärme wird teilweise an ein Wärmeträgerfluid übertragen. Der Wärmeübertrager (2) umfasst eine erste Kammer (3), in welche die heißen Abgase eingeleitet werden, sowie wenigstens ein Wärmeübertragungsmodul (4) mit einer zweiten Kammer (8) und einer Anordnung von Wärmerohren (5). Um die Wärme der in die erste Kammer (3) eingeleiteten Abgase an das sich in der zweiten Kammer (8) befindliche Wärmeträgerfluid zu übertragen, ist eine mit der ersten Kammer (3) in Verbindung stehende Absetzkammer (6) vorgesehen, in der sich Schmutzpartikel sammeln. Damit wird eine möglichst effiziente Wärmerückgewinnung und eine Abführung der Schmutzpartikel aus dem heißen Abgasstrom ermöglicht.
id-US10451310B2    abstract-Mobile water heating systems for producing hot water are disclosed herein. In one embodiment, a mobile water heating system includes a water heater having an oval-cylindrical shape. The water heater includes a shell, a lid and a water reservoir having a screen. A first heating coil and a second heating coil can extend between the screen and a first cone and a second cone, respectively. A first burner and a second burner can be configured to mix and combust fuel and air and direct the resulting flames through the heating coils. Pall rings can at least partially fill an interior volume of the water heater and the combustion of the fuel and air can heat the heating coils and the pall rings. Water can be heated by being directed through the heating coils and through a water manifold positioned to spray water on the pall rings.
id-EP2599971B1    abstract-
id-AU2012244319B2    abstract-WI 1/070-0 US STEAM POWER PLANT WITH HIGH-TEMPERATURE HEAT RESERVOIR A steam power plant is suggested having, parallel to the high-pressure preheater passage (VW4 to VW6), a heat reservoir (A) which is loaded with preheated condensate in weak-load times. This preheated condensate is taken from the heat reservoir (A) for generating peak-load and inserted downstream of the high-pressure preheater passage (VW4 to VW6) into the condensate line (19.2) resp. the feed water container (8). Thus it is possible to quickly control the power generation of the power plant in a wide range without significantly having to change the heating output of the boiler of the steam generator (1). A steam power plant equipped according to the invention can thus be operated with bigger load modifications and also provide more control energy. Wi 1/070-0 US Drnpf Frischdampt D 2 KesmeI itrne Anzapfung 0pmwasr .1+0
id-KR20130049986A    abstract-본 발명은 엔진의 연소에 따라 발생하는 배기가스의 폐열을 이용하여 생성된 고온, 고압의 증기를 상부 갑판의 경계지역에서 고압의 압축 공기와 함께 외부로 분사할 수 있게 함으로써, 해적의 침입을 방지함과 더불어 선박의 피랍 방지 및 승선원의 안전을 확보할 수 있도록 하는 데 그 목적이 있다.  전술한 목적을 달성하기 위한 본 발명은 1차 증기를 발생시키는 1차 증기 생성부, 상기 1차 증기 생성부로부터 발생된 1차 증기를 증기 소비원으로 공급하는 1차 공급관로, 상기 1차 공급관로를 통해 상기 1차 증기 생성부로부터 발생된 1차 증기를 분지관로를 통해 별도로 공급받아 이를 재 가열하여 고온, 고압의 2차 증기를 발생시키는 2차 증기 생성부, 상기 2차 증기 생성부로부터 발생된 2차 증기를 공급받아 이를 고압의 압축 공기를 매개로 외부로 분사하는 분사 장치부, 및 상기 2차 증기와 상기 압축 공기의 분사를 조절하는 개폐 조절부를 구비한다.
id-EP2784145A1    abstract-The gasification reactor relates to the field of power engineering, more specifically to methods and devices for producing energy carriers in the form of hot water, steam and hot synthesis gas, producing electrical energy, heat and cold, and synthesizing liquid hydrocarbons. The technical result is that of increasing the calorific value of the synthesis gas produced without increasing the size of the apparatus, which is achieved by additionally equipping the reactor with: a lower agitating system having an upper vaned agitator situated in a heated truncated cone that is hermetically secured inside a housing; heat removing water rods, situated in a gas duct; an unsaturated hydrocarbon synthesis zone, situated below the housing of the heated truncated cone; and a methane synthesis zone, situated at the inlet to the gas duct of a water boiler; and also by virtue of positioning the nozzle of a burner inside the hermetic cavity between the walls of the heated cone and the housing thereof, as well as covering the gasification reactor on the outside with a heat-insulating material, and lining the inside surface of the primary gasification zone with heat-protective materials.
