id-EP2479493A1    abstract-A combustion device (10) comprising a combustion chamber (11) with a cylindrical wall (12) extending along a vertical central axis (X10), a lower portion (14) and an upper portion (15), a primary combustion zone (18) located in the lower portion (14) of the chamber (11) and having a substantially annular profile centered on the axis (X10), A fuel supply system (20) (101) that is capable of introducing a controlled amount of fuel (101) into the chamber (11), a primary air supply system (50) that is capable of introducing air into the primary combustion zone (18) and creating a swirling flow (P1, P2, P3) of particles (102, 103) into the chamber (11), and a system (160, 180) for removing ash (C1) from the combustion that is located below the chamber (11). The device is characterized in that a dedusting cyclone (120) is arranged in the centre of the combustion chamber (11), this cyclone being configured to receive particulate loaded combustion products (103) from the chamber (11) through at least one inlet opening (126) and to deduct these combustion products by separating by centrifugal action (P4) the ash (C2) from the smoke (F1).
id-EP2479495A1    abstract-A multipurpose cogeneration incineration plant having a relevant construction simplicity, operation safety and flexibility, which utilizes as fuels biologic sludge, and/or organic wastes, and /or biomasses in minute pre-dried pieces, is described.      The process is also described which develops therein and by which electric energy is produced while carbon dioxide together with nitrogen and sulfur oxides and other pollutants present in the combustion gases are knocked down and an agriculture conditioner is produced.
id-US10125984B2    abstract-A waste-to-energy conversion apparatus comprising a primary combustion chamber capable of holding a load of waste, and the primary combustion chamber further comprises a heat source to heat the waste and generate a syn gas stream, grates, within the primary chamber, capable of supporting the load of waste during heating, a mixing chamber wherein the syn gas is mixed with additional combustion gas, a multi-chambered secondary combustion chamber for combusting the mixture of syn gas and additional combustion gas, and an energy extraction system for extracting the heat energy generated by the combustion of the mixture of syn gas and additional combustion gas.
id-US20200284170A1    abstract-In a fossil fuel waste incineration or plasma gasification process, waste heat generated by combustion of waste is captured by a heat transfer fluid and conveyed to an Organic Rankine Cycle (ORC) for energy recovery. In the case of a fossil fuel-fired waste incineration system, the heat transfer fluid captures waste heat from a double-walled combustion chamber, a heat exchanger being used to cool the hot process exhaust (gas cooler). In the case of a plasma waste gasification system, the heat transfer fluid captures waste heat from a plasma torch, a gasification chamber and combustion chamber cooling jackets as well as any other high-temperature components requiring cooling, and then a heat exchanger used to cool the hot process exhaust (gas cooler). The heat exchanger may take on several configurations, including plate or shell and tube configurations.
id-WO2012127562A1    abstract-A device body and a side wall of the device body are surrounded by the side wall of the device body, and the device body is provided with a combustion chamber for burning the unburned gas discharged from the rotating melting furnace above the rotating melting furnace for burning the pyrolysis gas generated from the waste after incineration. There are a number of water pipes that extend along the side walls above and below the body.
id-US9677398B2    abstract-Utilization of mine methane produced by mining a non-combustible ore, such as trona, as an energy source for heat, steam, and/or power generation. Such utilization is beneficial for a surface appliance which is close to surface outlet(s) of mine methane recovery system(s). A method for reducing greenhouse gas emissions generated during mining of a non-combustible ore uses the combustion of co-produced mine methane. The mine methane is recovered in a mine ventilation air exhaust with very low methane content, and may be additionally recovered in a drainage gas, such as gob gas, with much higher methane content. The surface appliance may be selected from the group consisting of calciner, dryer, boiler, kiln, furnace, engine, turbine, power generation unit, co-generation unit, and any combinations thereof. Benefits may include reduction in energy purchases, reduction in greenhouse emissions, and/or gain through sale of carbon credits to the carbon market by registering carbon reductions.
id-JPWO2012144101A1    abstract-[challenges] to provide a combustion device with high combustion efficiency and the ability to inject additional combustibles containing solids, as well as a power generation device using the combustion device. [solution] the combustion method of burning the object to be burned in the combustion device. The process of putting the object to be burned into the combustion chamber of the combustion device, the process of igniting the object to be burned, and the flame accompanying the object to be burned through air or help burning from the outside of the flame. It includes a process for supplying a sexual gas (hereinafter referred to as air, etc.), a process for secondary combustion of the combustible object with the air, etc., and a process for exhaust smoke. It has. Select diagram: figure 8
id-WO2012148294A3    abstract-The invention refers to the method for the utilization of low-concentration mixtures of a combustible gas and air with the stable recovery of heat and the flow-reversal device for the embodiment of the method. The method consists in the combustion, with heat recovery, of the mixtures in the flow-reversal device having at least a single pair of combustion sections, each of which has the structural packing of monolith blocks with small channels characterized by low pressure drop, provided with an internal heating device, temperature and composition sensors and the elements of the automatic control system, supplied with the low-concentration mixture with the combustible component and connected with the heat recovery apparatus through the pipeline, wherein the quantity of energy transferred in the heat recovery apparatus (22) is stabilized by supplying additional fuel to the flow-reversal device, selecting the flow reversal moment, and selecting the flow rate for hot gas supplied by the pipeline to the heat recovery apparatus (22). Additional fuel in the form of highly concentrated fuel mixture is introduced as an admixture to the stream of low concentrated mixture containing the combustible component, supplied to the flow-reversal device or to the internal heating device (7). The device according to the invention, in its combustion sections (I, II) is provided with symmetrical temperature sensors (T i , T ii ) and an additional supply of highly concentrated combustible mixture (17) connected to the supply system for low-concentration mixture (15) with the combustible component or to the internal heating device (7). The combustion sections (I, II) are packed with heat-accumulating material (1, 2) of small porosity of the specific surface area below 30 m 2 /g, and advantageously below 1 m 2 /g.
id-WO2012137191A1    abstract-A gasification burner for combustion of a fuel, comprises a barrel having a front and a back, wherein exhaust gas produced by combustion exits at an outlet, a first air inlet into the barrel and a fuel inlet into the barrel, each positioned adjacent the back, wherein air at a first flow rate and fuel at a fuel flow rate are deliverable at the first air inlet and the fuel inlet, respectively, and a secondary air link operatively connected a second air inlet. The second air inlet is positioned closer to the front of the barrel than the first air inlet, and air at a second flow rate is deliverable at the second air inlet from the secondary air link and into the combustion chamber. A slag trap is operatively connected to the barrel so as to be able to receive slag generated from combustion of the fuel in the barrel, and the slag trap is closer to the back than the second air inlet. The second air inlet is offset with respect to the front from the secondary air link.
id-US20120297775A1    abstract-Described herein are gradual oxidation systems that receive and process solid, liquid, or gaseous fuels. The system can include a solid fuel gasifier that extracts and cleans gas fuel from a solid fuel. The system can also include a reaction chamber that receives the gas fuel and maintains a gradual oxidation process of the fuel. In some embodiments, liquids containing contaminants can be oxidized within the gradual oxidation chamber. Liquid fuels and gas fuels may be communicated to the oxidation chamber separately or in combination.
id-WO2012174939A1    abstract-A domestic pyrolysis gasifier comprises a main combustion furnace and a waste heat boiler connected with the main combustion furnace, wherein the main combustion furnace comprises a main combustion chamber (5) and a secondary combustion chamber (8), the main combustion chamber (5) is formed around the secondary combustion chamber (8), an external furnace body (4) surrounds the main combustion chamber (5), and a hopper (1) for feeding material has one or more distributor (3). The outlet of the distributor (3) is aligned with the main combustion chamber (5). The air supply distance required by the main combustion chamber is reduced to ensure the air supply effect and make the material fully burned. At the same time, the difficulty of manual intervention is reduced because the radial space is reduced during the operation of the main combustion chamber.
id-JPWO2012176917A1    abstract-Conventional thermal power plants were extremely difficult to locate because they required large tracts of land near the sea and at the edge of rivers. As a result, the water temperature of the sea and rivers rose, damaging the fishing industry. Conventional thermal power plants, which mainly rely on fossil fuels, have contributed to global warming and environmental pollution from fine particulate matter. Among them, natural gas including shale gas and methane hydrate is drilled underground, injected with a large amount of water and chemical substances, and pressurized, so gas is blown out from the nearby well water, causing environmental pollution, which pollutes the water quality of the well water. In particular, since the place where methane hydrate is pressurized by drilling coincides with the "nest of large earthquakes", there is concern that this will trigger large earthquakes. In addition, conventional "renewable energy power generation systems" could not provide a stable supply of electricity because the amount of solar radiation, the constant speed of air flow, and the appropriate amount of precipitation, which are the energy sources, are easily affected by the weather and the operating rate is low. The invention is a thermal power generation system mainly characterized by the easy and effective use of "storage fuel" that stores solar energy. It moves to the place where the fuel is located, accurately grasps the fuel with a sensor, and measures the fuel by itself. The "unique transformer operation" that can be operated effectively according to the amount of heat of the fuel makes it possible to realize efficient electric energy conversion using solar energy storage fuel. At this time, the invention is characterized by bringing about economic growth by creating many various jobs, expanding the economic base, contributing to the economic recovery, fostering new industries in the region, ensuring the employment of residents, and promoting regional revitalization Make a contribution to happiness. The invention, while adapting to the workings of nature and protecting nature, provides a "power generation system" that is safe and will not be exhausted forever. As a power generation system as a partner of human beings, it has the appropriateness, and in principle, it can provide a stable supply at the appropriate cost. It is possible to use "own resources" as "core industries" such as agriculture and fishing, and to create "own energy" in essence, to pave the way for modern people and their descendants, and to enrich people's lives for many years to come. Wait.
id-EP2730329A1    abstract-[PROBLEM] To provide a valuable substance recovery device, etc. that can keep equipment costs and operation costs low and can reduce a burden of gas processing after secondary combustion.      [SOLUTION] A valuable substance recovery device 1 provided with a calcining furnace 11 that is attached to a cement firing device 2 and a return path 12 for returning an exhaust gas from the calcining furnace to the cement firing device. By effectively utilizing heat generated by the cement firing device in the calcining furnace for recovering valuable substances, equipment for supplying fuel for the calcining furnace becomes unnecessary and operation costs can be kept low. Acidic gases can be processed using a large amount of CaO present inside the cement firing device, making special processing device for processing the acidic gases unnecessary and making it possible to reduce equipment costs and operation costs significantly compared to the past. The calcining furnace is able to take in heat from a lower portion thereof and discharge the same from the return path, and can return the calcining furnace exhaust gas to an 800°C or higher temperature region of the cement firing device via the return path.
id-US9951946B2    abstract-A high-efficiency clean burning method of a macromolecular substance, wherein the macromolecular substance comprises biomass and solid organic waste; the method comprises the following steps: generating a first gaseous substance and a red-hot carbon residue layer from biomass carbon residue or charcoal or coke or a mixture thereof by anoxic combustion; leading the heat generated by anoxic combustion to the macromolecular substance, preheating and drying the macromolecular substance and carrying out pyrolysis gasification, so as to generate a second gaseous substance; taking red-hot carbon residue as a pyrolysis catalyst, leading the second gaseous substance to the red-hot carbon residue layer to carry out oxygen catalytic cracking, so as to generate a third gaseous substance; leading the third gaseous substance and the first gaseous substance to an oxygen-enriched combustion zone in a heat preservation manner to carry out oxygen-enriched combustion, so as to achieve substantial complete combustion of all gasification products, wherein a tar wastewater is not generated, and pollution of smoke tar is not generated. A device capable of achieving the method comprises four categories of a plurality of devices. Thus, zero emission of “dioxin” can be achieved when the device is applied to waste incineration disposal.
id-US20130067802A1    abstract-The invention is a bioenergy and/or waste-to-energy process. The invention is a process using controlled pyrolysis reactions to convert biomass and carbon based waste material into carbon byproducts, biofuels and useable energy in the form of heat and/or electricity. The process includes one or more pyrolysis reaction chambers and a thermal oxidizer. Hot, oxygen-free exhaust gases from the thermal oxidizer are modulated through the pyrolysis reaction chambers to sustain the pyrolysis reaction. The exhaust gases along with the pyrolysis gases are drawn from the pyrolysis reaction chambers and routed to the thermal oxidizer. Combustion air is modulated into the thermal oxidizer through one or more ports to control combustion of the pyrolysis gases. After combustion, exhaust gases are recirculated to the pyrolysis reaction chambers to sustain the cycle.      The invention proposes a process which is unique in four ways. Firstly, the process may convert any carboneous material, such as biocrops, animal waste, used tires, into bioproducts and biofuels.      Secondly, the carbonization process is accomplished with no oxygen or combustion in the carbonization chambers.      Thirdly, the modular arrangement of the process components allows easy adaptability to diverse process requirements.      Fourthly, the mobility of the process material containers allows easy loading, transport, and unloading of the process material; and greatly reduces material handling requirements.
id-WO2013035334A1    abstract-The combustion device of the present invention consists of a primary combustion part 21 that gasifies the organic matter through combustion, and a secondary combustion part 22 formed on the downstream side of the primary combustion part 21. Air is provided between the primary combustion part 21 and the secondary combustion part 22. The air supply port 12 for supply is arranged, and the combustion chamber 60 for supply organic matter to the primary combustion chamber 21 is provided. The lower part of the combustion chamber 60 and the primary combustion chamber 21 form a gasification chamber, and the lower part of the gasification chamber forms a vent. It is a compact and simple combustion device with high heat exchange efficiency that can properly gasify organic matter, especially combustion without electricity. Provide equipment.
id-WO2013039067A1    abstract-Included in the exhaust sarutobi ash and 煤塵 flying into the jurisdiction of the very few thermal exhaust ashes or 煤塵 is the build-up of removal because there were no regulations require the application of heat exchange rate is equipped with power generation devices that can to maintain negative will provide sho incinerator. Equipped with the incineration part (2) of the incineration part, coupled with the incineration part, cooling part (4) of cooling part, coupled with the cooling part, exhaust part (5) of purifying the exhaust part, and provided with the end of the exhaust part to bring negative pressure from the incineration part into the exhaust part The plant is equipped with a generator system (10) that generates electricity from the waste heat generated by a heat exchanger (9) installed in a pipe connecting the incinerator (2) and the cooling unit (4). A negative pressure incinerator.
id-US9446975B2    abstract-Systems and methods for treating carbon-containing waste materials include a gasifying system, a drier system for pre-drying the material, and an energy-recovery system for recovering waste heat and/or producer gas from the gasifying system/method for use in pre-drying the material. The energy-recovery system can include a recirculation system for recovering the waste heat and/or a thermal oxidizer or other combustion device for burning the producer gas, along with a heat-transfer-loop for transferring the recovered heat energy to the drier for pre-drying the material. In another aspect of the invention, the gasifying systems and methods use a thermal-screw conveyor with a product chamber and rotary thermal screws, and an oxygen-delivery system configured for delivering oxygen into the product chamber for immediate absorption into the material, with or without the dryer system and/or the energy-recovery system.
id-US20150020407A1    abstract-In a method for reprocessing wet waste materials containing organic components, in particular sludges in a cement clinker production plant, in which raw meal is preheated in a preheater ( 3 ) in countercurrent flow to the hot exhaust gases of a clinker furnace ( 2 ), and calcined in a calciner ( 4 ) fired with alternative fuels, the wet waste materials are dried in a drying unit ( 18 ) using a hot gas produced from the preheater waste heat and the dried waste materials and the drier exhaust gases are discharged from the drying unit ( 18 ), wherein the drier exhaust gases are introduced into the calciner ( 4 ).
id-US8283512B1    abstract-A waste elimination apparatus includes a natural gas ignition system, a silica material bed, a heat transfer device, and a system for collecting plasma produced energy. A reaction formed by heat from ignition, carbon from the waste material, supercritical water, —OH radicals, and muons released from the silica bed transform the waste into a fuel. This fuel is more efficiently consumed by the complete combustion process resulting in near total elimination of the waste, increased energy production, and virtually no emissions.
id-US20130087085A1    abstract-A system and method for drying, cleaning and upgrading coal and biomass solid fuel while integrating the steps with the normal on site steps in coal preparation for a utility boiler, such that boiler efficiency is improved and emissions are reduced. The present invention carefully sequences steps to employ latent heat from one step to the next and more efficiently bring the fuel up to or near ignition temperature. The present invention incorporates several previously related inventions to improve the heat content and cleanliness of the fuel, thus reducing fuel flow rate, ash, CO2, CO, NOx, sulfur, mercury, chlorine, particulate and other emissions, for the same or higher energy output.
id-WO2013078423A1    abstract-A ground supported single drum power boiler is described combining a refractory lined and insulated stepped floor; refractory lined and insulated combustion chamber; integrated fuel chutes configured to pre-dry wet solid fuel; internal chamber walls; configurable combustion air systems; a back pass with after-burner ports and cross flow superheaters; and a rear wall that acts as the downcomers feeding the other walls. A second embodiment is adaptable as a gasifier.
