id-US10690409B2    abstract-A method for drying bulk goods, in particular wood fibers and/or wood chips, wherein the bulk goods is continuously dried in a dryer ( 1 ), in particular a drum dryer. The vapor-gas mixture flows through the drum dryer ( 1 ) in a dryer circuit and is indirectly heated via at least one heat exchanger ( 4 ) by a burner waste gas that is heated in at least one burner ( 5 ). The drying vapors are supplied to the at least one heat exchanger ( 4 ). Upstream, downstream and/or within the at least one heat exchanger ( 4 ), at least a partial flow of the drying vapors are branched off to be conducted into the burner ( 5 ). The remaining partial flow is conducted to the dryer ( 1 ) again. The partial flow of drying vapors to the burner ( 5 ) is driven by at least one regulable partial vapor fan ( 10 ).
id-US7789999B2    abstract-Described is a thermal decomposition treatment system and method of using the thermal decomposition treatment system wherein flammable waste is inputted into a trash burner which is shielded from air or gas and the waste is thermally decomposed and carbonized. The thermal decomposition treatment chamber includes a plurality of heating tubes wherein the flammable waste is inputted into the chambers while hot air is passed through the heating tubes which indirectly heats the flammable waste in an anaerobic environment the resulting gases are purified, recovered and reused.
id-WO2009096621A1    abstract-Disclosed herein is a large-capacity waste incinerator, made of refractory material, which is capable of incinerating various kinds of combustible waste, including household-based waste, such as food waste, special waste, such as hospital-based waste, and various kinds of industrial waste generated from an agricultural and fishery field and an industrial field, in large quantities.
id-US20090199747A1    abstract-A biomass burner system includes a burner assembly, a fuel storage assembly coupled to the burner assembly, and a heat exchanger configured to receive the heat from the burner assembly. The biomass burner system includes a controller which is programmable to monitor various operating conditions of the biomass burner and control the operation of the biomass burner to confirm safe and efficient operation. The controller is operable to monitor a temperature associated with the combustion chamber, a temperature associated with the heat exchanger, and a temperature associated with the air exiting the system. The biomass burner system is operable to vary the flow of air into the combustion chamber, the flow of fuel into the combustion chamber, the operation of an igniter system to maintain the efficient operation of the biomass burner system.
id-WO2009103529A2    abstract-Garbage (2) By this scattered composition, the basic components of living things are only necessary for processing into compounds. The purpose of the invention is to use the heat of the landfill (2) to make the finished product (9) without allowing the problem component (2) toxic component to enter the synthesis gas (9). The challenge in turn is to transport the energy produced by (5) burning gas from a (1) waste incinerator to a (6) toxic gas reactor (6), where the inlet power (8) is an evolutionary material (8) to cover the internal thermal reaction and regulate the material flow. The invention facilitates production with carbon-based energy (9), such as biomass (8), using low-cost greenhouse gases (1).
id-US8434700B2    abstract-Methods and systems for a feed injector are provided. The feed injector system includes a plurality of annular channels that are substantially concentric about a longitudinal axis. The plurality of annular channels direct a flow of fluid substantially axially therethrough from a respective source to a reaction zone. The feed injector system also includes a swirl member extending into the fluid flow path defined in at least one of the plurality of annular channels wherein the swirl member is configured to impart a circumferential flow direction to fluid flowing through the at least one annular channel.
id-US20110036320A1    abstract-A waste-to-energy cogeneration system is described in various embodiments. The system can convert certain fuel-laden waste to thermal energy and electrical power. In certain embodiments, fuel-laden waste which has not been pre-filtered or pre-treated to remove particulates and water is deposited in the cogeneration system and prepared by the system for combustion in an unmodified diesel engine. The fuel-laden waste can comprise oils, greases and fats from food preparation which are contaminated with water and particulates. Thermal and mechanical energy produced by the engine are utilized to provide thermal energy and electrical power external to the cogeneration system.
id-US8763540B2    abstract-A method is provided for injecting a substance into a boiler of a waste incineration plant using a gaseous propellant, the substance being conducted, starting from at least one distributor, via lines which branch off from the distributor, in each case to a nozzle which is assigned to the respective line and by means of which the substance and the propellant are injected into the boiler. The substance quantity to be conducted to the respective nozzle is set in the distributor. The boiler is subdivided into multiple boiler sectors, in which the nozzles are arranged in a plurality of horizontal nozzle planes. To each boiler sector at least one separate distributor is assigned. The substance and the propellant are combined upstream of the branch-off with the respective line.
id-US20100012298A1    abstract-A system for heat recovery and pressure control including: a fresh air heat exchanger with at least one fresh air heat exchanger conduit, a pre-heater heat exchanger with at least one pre-heater heat exchanger conduit, and a proportioning valve coupled to the conduits. The fresh air heat exchanger is adapted to warm the fresh air by transferring heat from the at least one fresh air heat exchanger conduit. The pre-heater heat exchanger is adapted to pre-heat the contaminated air by transferring heat from the at least one pre-heater heat exchanger conduit. The conduits are adapted to receive hot air and transfer heat from the hot air. The proportioning valve is adapted to control the flow of hot air through the conduits.
id-US9194582B2    abstract-A process for energy recovery and transfer including: warming fresh air in a heat recovery and pressure control unit; feeding waste feed and the warm fresh air into a processor; reducing a moisture content of the waste feed by breaking the waste feed into a fuel powder in the warm fresh air in the processor; filtering contaminated air through an initial filter to remove the fuel powder from the contaminated air; pre-heating the contaminated air in the heat recovery and pressure control unit; raising the temperature of the pre-heated contaminated air in a chamber; passing the chamber discharge air through the heat recovery and pressure control unit to pre-heat contaminated air passing on to the chamber and to warm fresh air passing on to the processor; and filtering terminal air through a terminal filter to remove particles from the terminal air.
id-WO2010011137A2    abstract-A device for treating organic material at increased process temperature comprises: a reactor (1) with a feed for material (3) for treating, a first discharge (4) for treated material and a second discharge (8) for combustible gas resulting from the treatment; and a combustion chamber (2) in which the combustible gas is combusted with oxygen (5), for instance with air, with a discharge for the resulting flue gas (7). According to the invention the device comprises temperature adjusting means, for instance mixing means for mixing this flue gas with cooling air (6) for the purpose of obtaining heating gas; and heating means for heating the wall of the reactor, and thereby also the material present therein, with the heating gas; such that the process in the reactor, after an initial heating with external energy, takes place autothermally.
id-US20100008821A1    abstract-An apparatus for sanitizing and deodorizing air. The apparatus includes: a chamber including an inlet adapted to receive contaminated air, an outlet adapted to transport heated air, a baffle adapted to increase the length of a path traveled by air in the chamber, and an ash removal device adapted to remove ash from the chamber; and at least one combustor, wherein the combustor is adapted to combust a fuel to heat the air in the chamber so that the air is sterilized and deodorized, thereby generating such ash.
id-US20110165526A1    abstract-The invention relates to a method for utilizing the heat in the lower temperature range of up to 1000° C., preferably up to 500° C., for preheating fresh air which is added to a solid material furnace, preferably designed as a grate furnace with sub-stoichiometric combustion and supply of fresh air in several stages, or to a circulating fluidized-bed furnace.
id-US20100071602A1    abstract-A processing facility can dispose of food waste in environmentally undisruptive manners. The processing facility can convert the food waste into bio-energy and bio-fuel products, such as bio-diesel, ethanol, and electricity. The processing facility can sort the food waste based on the fats or carbohydrates content of the food waste, and the processing facility can include a fluidized bed combustion module for combusting portions of the food waste.
id-US20100089295A1    abstract-A combustion system for extracting thermal energy from biomass or other formable fuels that does not require densification or other processing of the biomass prior to combustion. This system continuously feeds the biomass fuel from an auger or other conveyance system while simultaneously causing the biomass fuel to be formed with a hollow core. The biomass fuel is ignited from within the hollow core and burns primarily radially outward due to negative pressure surrounding combustion chamber thus facilitating and containing the combustion process. This system also utilizes pre-heating the fuel, primary and secondary air pre-heating, insulated combustion chambers, and carefully control combustion air to ensure substantial combustion is achieved even with fuels having high moisture content. In the preferred embodiment, a heat exchanger is utilized to capture thermal energy of combustion products for use as an energy source for additional processes.
id-WO2010046545A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a process for the thermolysis of industrial and/or household waste comprising at least one waste drying step followed by a thermolysis step, and a combustion step of the gases resulting from the thermolysis, producing combustion fumes used in part in the thermolysis step, characterized in that it comprises a temperature control step of the combustion fumes. The means employed by this method are also disclosed.
id-WO2010046720A1    abstract-A plant (1) for treating non-ferrous metal scrap, consisting of a scrap treating oven (3), one or more diesel engines (5) fed with vegetable oil as a fuel, combustion fume conveying means (7) from said diesel engines (5) to said treating oven (3), a fluidized bed combustor (8) and fume conveying means (9) from the treating oven (3) to the fluid bed combustor (8).
id-WO2010043921A2    abstract-A plant (1) for producing electric energy, consisting of a milling unit (2) for oleaginous plant seeds, and/or fruits, at least one vegetable oil tank (3), at least one diesel engine (4) connected to a corresponding electric power generator (5) and adapted to use the vegetable oil produced by the milling unit (2) as a fuel, at least one fluidized bed combustor (10) adapted to burn the solid residues from the milling unit (2), a plurality of vaporizers (7) adapted to use the exhaust gases from both the diesel engine (4) and the fluidized bed combustor (10), and at least one turbine (17) connected to a corresponding electric power generator (18) and adapted to be fed with the steam produced by the vaporizers (7).
id-WO2010053223A1    abstract-Provided are a waste incinerator and a cogeneration system using the same that are capable of smoothly incinerating various incinerable municipal and industrial wastes, and producing electric power and providing heating and warm water using heat generated during incineration of the wastes. The waste incinerator includes: a housing having a structure in which a triple iron plate is constituted by an inner wall, an intermediate wall and an outer wall to define an incineration chamber having a certain volume by surrounding side and upper parts of the incineration chamber, the upper part has a waste input port, and an empty space between the inner wall and the intermediate wall is filled with water to be used as heating water; a heating chamber installed under the incineration chamber to provide a certain volume and configured to heat the bottom of the incineration chamber using a burner installed at one side thereof to maintain the temperature in the incineration chamber at a predetermined level; an exhaust gas discharge port having a lower end vertically installed at a center part of the incineration chamber to be connected to the heating chamber, and a lower section in communication with a center lower part of the in¬ cineration chamber to guide discharge of a combustion gas generated in the incineration chamber and the heating chamber to the exterior; a steam generation chamber having a double-cylinder structure surrounding an outer periphery of the exhaust gas discharge port, and filled with water for receiving heat from the incineration chamber to generate steam; a first air supply means installed at an inner lower part of the incineration chamber and, and having an air supply pipe and a first blower installed at an outer end of the air supply pipe, wherein the air supply pipe has a plurality of small holes passing therethrough from the exterior of the housing toward the inner lower part of the incineration chamber to supply air required for combustion of waste; a second air supply means having a plurality of air passages installed around the housing surrounding the incineration chamber to supply air required for combustion of waste and disposed between the inner wall and the intermediate wall at predetermined intervals, and a second blower installed to forcedly supply air toward a space between the intermediate wall and the outer wall; a rotary rotatably installed to cross the incineration chamber to stir the waste input into the incineration chamber; an initial ignition burner installed at one side of the housing and initially igniting the waste input into the incineration chamber; and a residue discharge screw installed at the bottom of the incineration chamber to discharge ashes generated in the incineration chamber after in¬ cineration of the waste.
id-WO2010057554A2    abstract-This paper describes a method for a (1) production facility (1) for the production of bioethanol that burns the organic waste generated during the production process, in particular DGS and DGS, and resupplies the heat generated by the facility (1). The oxidation process is carried out in a vortex furnace (2). All rooms (9 to 11) are inadequate to restrict the Verbrennungsprozess, which will deprive the ashes of Schmelztemperatur Abfallproduktes anywhere, especially above 70°C. In this way, small ashes will penetrate into the spine (9) and be easily discarded. The effective heat comes partly from the smoke produced by combustion and partly from the heat generated during the burn process to maintain the maximum temperature.
