id-US9989251B2    abstract-The invention provides a system for reducing the volume of bulk material, comprising a transportable container; a single chamber adapted to receive said transportable container; a means for establishing a plurality of controlled atmospheres within said chamber; a plurality of electrically-charged heating elements capable of heating said chamber to at least 1200 F; and an waste heat generator in fluid communication with the chamber. A method for simultaneously thermally degrading different waste differently in a single chamber, comprising filling each container within a plurality of containers with preselected waste and placing each container within the chamber at preselected positions; establishing a controlled atmosphere within the chamber and applying heat to the waste for a time and at a temperature sufficient to gasify the waste; collecting thermal degradation data during gasification; and applying the collected data to an algorithm to adjust the temperature and oxygen concentrations for each preselected position.
id-WO2014128357A1    abstract-The invention relates to a method for combustion of sludge. According to the invention, wet sludge (104) is dried in a circulating mass dryer (100), dried sludge (106), is combusted in a circulating mass reactor (101), and flue gas (103) is conveyed from the circulating mass reactor to the circulating mass dryer as a heat exchange material in order to transfer heat to the sludge to be dried. In addition, the invention relates to a corresponding apparatus.
id-US10151488B2    abstract-Example apparatus and methods providing for the improved chemical conversion of the combustible components of a gaseous medium are disclosed. In some examples, the apparatus includes a guiding body that guides the flow of the gaseous medium within a reaction chamber of the apparatus. In some examples, the guiding body of the disclosed apparatus is configured to stabilize a residence period of the gaseous medium in the reaction chamber. In some examples, the guiding body results in a flow path of the gaseous medium within the reaction chamber being optimized and/or maximized, and/or results in a short circuit flow of the gaseous medium in the reaction chamber being suppressed. In some disclosed examples, the guiding body causes at least a portion of the flow path of the gaseous medium within the reaction chamber to take the form of a cyclone flow.
id-WO2014125263A1    abstract-This invention provides a system (10) for generating energy from waste material. The system comprises a first batch processing oven (12) for generating syngas and a second batch processing oven (14) for generating syngas. At least one thermal treatment chamber (20) heats the syngas after it is produced, and an energy converter (22) converts energy from the syngas to electrical energy.
id-WO2014133375A1    abstract-Device for evaporation of waste from olive oil mills including a fireplace and an evaporation basin. The unsprayed edges and the gables are used to heat the fireplace.
id-US9422480B2    abstract-A pyrolyzer capable of generating synthesis gas from carbon-based feedstock comprises an oven including an oven shell defining an interior and at least one conveyor configured to move the feedstock through the interior from a feed inlet to a discharge outlet. An outer shell surrounds the oven shell defines a space between the oven shell and the outer shell and a plurality of longitudinally extending dividers are connected to the outer shell and span to the oven shell within the space so as to define multiple temperature control zones therein where each temperature control zone includes one or more heaters.
id-US9476326B2    abstract-A system for generating electrical power, including a frame defining a vertical axis and a horizontal axis, and having a support base generally extending along the longitudinal axis. The support base has an input end and an output end. At least a first shear station includes a first shearing blade adapted to reciprocate in a vertical direction between a first displaced position displaced from the support base and a second approximated position proximate the support base to shear the tree waste supported by the support base. An index blade is adapted for at least general horizontal movement along the support base. The index blade is dimensioned and adapted to direct the sheared tree waste toward the output end of the support base. A pulverizing station receives the sheared tree waste directed through the output end of the support base. The pulverizing station includes a pulverizing member actuable to pulverize the sheared tree waste. A furnace receives and converts the pulverized tree waste into steam energy. A steam generator turbine converts the steam energy into electricity.
id-US20140265333A1    abstract-An wood-gas power supply system include: a rectifier filter electrically coupled to a output power terminal of the wood-gas stove; a maximum power tracking circuit electrically coupled to the rectifier filter, providing a larger power; a feedback controller electrically coupled to the rectifier filter and the maximum power tracking circuit, allowing the power reach a request power value; and a DC/DC charging device receiving a current flowing the maximum power tracking circuit and converting the current to a direct current. The wood-gas power supply system applies energy storage elements and peripheral circuits to perform the closed loop control so as to adjust the output power for transmitting the steady output voltage, and to achieve the purpose of providing the steady power.
id-WO2014208719A1    abstract-Reducing the initial and running costs of the installation of power generation equipment to reduce electricity charges. Combustion unit 1 consists of the primary combustion unit 1a and the secondary combustion unit 1b, which burn biomass fuel B by fully ripe fermentation of livestock manure including cow dung by aerobic fermentation, and boiler 2, which generates steam by the combustion heat of the combustion unit 1. Turbine 3a rotates by the steam of boiler 2, and generator 3 generates power by the rotation of turbine 3a.
id-WO2014200123A1    abstract-The invention relates to a pyrolytic device for high combustible materials, which enables high combustible materials to be pyrolyzed by indirect heating under high temperature, anaerobic or hypoxic atmosphere, thus reducing the emission of pollutants and improving the yield. For this invention, which has a flammable atmospheres noble with main hopper to input the combustible material, heat transfer, melting and vaporizer decomposition screw is featured, along the direction of transportation of the flammable atmospheres body and 1 second, and third body body formed expansion and occupy, The above ii body is equipped to be rotatable, transporting combustible materials by the difference of rotating speed with the above pyrolysis screw; A pyrolysis chamber, which is installed on the outer side of the above pyrolysis body and maintains an atmosphere of high temperature and low oxygen conditions, to successively pyrolysis combustible materials by indirect heating; In the recall and thermal decomposition of the work to, thermal decomposition and transported to the body of combustible material used as a heat source to heat decomposition to flammable atmospheres thermal decomposition gas thermal decomposition behavior of non-condensable gases during combustion, thereby the thermal decomposition in the column above, including a combustion chamber configured to supply.
id-WO2015005755A1    abstract-The invention is related to the field of sewage sludge recovery- recycling. A metal vessel (1) is designated for loading sewage sludge, while a screw conveyor (4) is mounted for delivering it to an incineration boiler (3) in the first combustion chamber (2). A collector (9) is designated for collecting produced biogas and is connected to a supply line that supplies biogas as fuel to an internal combustion engine connected to an electricity generator (10). For the combustion of the evolved combustible gas, the main gas burner (11) is installed in the second combustion chamber (6) and an additional plasma- gas burner (13) connected with a plasma source and gas tank (14) is mounted. The combustion air is preheated.
id-US10527316B2    abstract-The present invention provides a method for collecting waste heat of exhaust gas and reducing white smoke, and an apparatus to which the method can be easily applied, the method comprising the steps of: introducing exhaust gas from an exhaust gas supply source including high-temperature steam to a heat and moisture exchange unit, collecting latent heat of the steam contained in the exhaust gas by making contact between the exhaust gas and a solution containing hydroscopic salts, condensing the collected latent heat, and discharging the processed exhaust gas to the outside of the heat and moisture exchange unit; and concentrating, cooling, and circulating the solution containing the hydroscopic salts by discharging, to a lower part of the heat and moisture exchange unit, a mixture of the solution containing the hydroscopic salts and condensation water.
id-WO2015049659A1    abstract-The present invention relates to reaction equipment for the treatment of organic and/or inorganic waste of refineries or petrochemical plants comprising: • - a drying and pyrolysis device (4) which rotates around its longitudinal, tilted rotation axis (A), • - a gasification device (6) which rotates around its longitudinal, horizontal rotation axis (B), • - a combustion device (14) comprising a burner (13) having a longitudinal horizontal axis (C), • - at least one settling chamber (15) for the collection of intermediate solid residues and the accumulation of intermediate gaseous reaction products, • - at least one outlet duct of the gaseous end-products (16), at least one outlet duct of the solid end-products (7), and at least one inlet duct of the feedstock (2) • - said combustion device (14), drying and pyrolysis device (4), gasification device (6) are physically separated and positioned on three different levels, • - the longitudinal rotation axis (A) of the drying and pyrolysis device (4) is tilted with respect to both the longitudinal rotation axis (B) of the gasification device (6) and also with respect to the longitudinal axis (C) of the combustion device (14), • - the longitudinal rotation axis (B) of the gasification device (6) is parallel to the longitudinal axis (C) of the combustion device (14), • - the combustion device (14) is in fluid communication with the drying and pyrolysis device (4), • - the drying and pyrolysis device (4) comprises, in its interior, a first indirect heat exchange device (3) in which the combustion fumes coming from the combustion device (14) flow, • - at least one settling chamber (15) in fluid communication with said drying and pyrolysis device (4) and with said gasification device (6) and with said combustion device (14), • - conveying means (5) are positioned in the settling chamber (15) and put the drying and pyrolysis device (4) in fluid communication with the gasification device, • - it comprises a second heat exchange device (12) in fluid communication with the first indirect heat exchange device (3) and the combustion device (14), • - it comprises means for the suction of the intermediate gaseous reaction products, said means being positioned in the settling chamber (15).
id-US20150107497A1    abstract-A system and for incinerating solid waste material that generates energy and minimal emissions. The incinerator system of the present disclosure is modular and may be configured to fit within a desired location. The system accepts raw solid material and processes, dries and ignites the waste material in an, optionally automated process.
id-US20150107496A1    abstract-The various embodiments herein provide an improved biomass based down draft gasifier for producing electrical energy. The gasifier comprises a reactor with double walled construction having an annular space between outer and inner shells. The annular space houses multiple helical guide vanes welded to the inner shell. The reactor is covered with a top cover assembly. An air inlet manifold is provided for directing the controlled air into the reactor through the air inlet nozzles. An automatic start system is provided for controlling the combustion of inlet fuel done with a spark plug. The gasifier comprises a throat which permits the ashes and charcoal of burnt fuel to drop into the bottom of the reactor. The gas separation holes are provided at the bottom of the reactor to separate the product gas from the charcoal. The product gas is taken out from an output pipe.
id-EP2860450A1    abstract-A method for thermal conversion of waste characterized in that the waste (101, 102) is processed in a mineraliser (139) in a form of a substantially longitudinal, rotatable tube with fixed an/or adjustable elements (205 - 210) located therein for scattering a material during the rotation of the tube, whereas in the mineraliser (139) there commences a continuous process of gasification of a batch material takes place, and wherein the batch material is transformed into a hot post-reaction gas and inorganic waste whereas during the mineralization process there is monitored the content of carbon oxide (CO) and hydrogen (H 2 ) in the post-reaction gas and there is set an amount of the gasification agent input to the mineraliser (139) so as to maximize the content of the carbon oxide (CO) and hydrogen (H 2 ) in the post-reaction gas and to keep the temperature of the post-reaction gas in the range from 300°C to 700°C, after which the post-reaction gas is input to a catalytic gas purification installation, in which in the catalytic reactor (143) there is introduced oxygen into the post-reaction gas, and subsequently the purified gas is input to an installation (146, 147) for generation of electricity and/or heat.
id-WO2015059547A1    abstract-In a method for recovering energy from damp exhaust gases, in which exhaust gas having a temperature from 90-130 °C and a water dew point from 50-75°C is first cooled to a temperature above the dew point in an indirect, first heat exchanger (3) and the cooled exhaust gas is then passed through a direct contact condenser (2), the condensate (6) that is formed in the direct contact condenser (2) is collected and heated in the first heat exchanger (3) by heat exchange with the exhaust gas.
id-WO2015059653A2    abstract-Process for the energy recovery of waste, in particular of urban and/or industrial waste, comprising a waste incineration step in a furnace (1), then the passage of the combustion gases from the furnace in a recovery boiler (5) for the production of steam, the combustion gases being then directed to a treatment unit (10) before being discharged to the atmosphere; An auxiliary gas is burned outside the furnace in an external superheater (12); The water vapour from the boiler (5) passes through the superheater (12) to be superheated before injection into a turbine (T), the combustion fumes from the auxiliary gas from the superheater (19) being below the maximum permissible value in the furnace, and these combustion fumes from the auxiliary gas are injected into the plant at the recovery boiler, And are discharged with the furnace combustion gases to be treated in the existing furnace treatment unit (10).
id-WO2015067233A1    abstract-The invention includes a high temperature process that has so far been virtually impossible to achieve through gas heating and the corrosion protection problems it creates. This solution is suitable for infrastructure in the energy economy, including open and closed gas turbine processes, steam generation processes and engineering technologies. Energy conservation and efficient hot spot processes are becoming increasingly important in the fight against climate change. This contribution comes from neutrally burning CO 2, as the absorption of photosynthesis (CO 2) is combined in the same proportion during growth. The cellular structure contains superergins, which cause the metal surface to burn exhaust gas and great corrosion resistance. The high temperature determines the efficiency, so the biological volume can use high temperature. To Brennraumtemperaturen over 1300°C, the assessment must conclude by saying that the biomass is temperaturen through Rauchgas Verbrennungsluft and 5). After the separation of the large rock, the smoke will form an anti-corrosion filter, and the easy-to-exchange scrap metal surface will be all anti-corrosion, thus protecting the subsequent layer.
