id-US9500362B2    abstract-A system and method of generating steam comprising providing a continuous supply of coal, combusting the coal in a primary processing chamber in the presence of oxygen and water to provide a first product gas stream, recovering heat from the first product gas stream in a first heat recovery steam generator to produce a first steam output, processing the first product gas stream in a secondary processing chamber in the presence of oxygen and water to provide a second product gas stream, recovering heat from the second product gas stream in a second heat recovery steam generator to produce a second steam output, and combining the first steam output and the second steam output. Preferably, the combined steam output is used to drive a steam turbine and the turbine is coupled to a generator.
id-JP2011174652A    abstract-[challenges] to provide waste heat generation methods and waste heat generation systems that make effective use of heat sources discharged from incinerators and improve their energy recovery efficiency to generate stable and efficient power generation. In the exhaust heat power generation method, the high-temperature air 2 heated by the exhaust gas from the incinerator 101 set in the sewage treatment system S is transferred to the superheater 19 in the power generation system G, which is upstream of the turbine 10 and downstream of the separator 18. The first heat exchange step is applied to heat exchange with working fluid L, and the second heat exchange step is applied to heater 17 upstream of separator 18 to heat exchange with working fluid L; The third heat exchange stage in which the smoke drainage W discharged from the system S is exchanged with the high-temperature air 2 after heater 17, and the subsequent smoke drainage W is applied to evaporator 16 upstream of heater 17 for heat exchange with working fluid L. It has a p and a contact step, which causes the hot air 2 to come into contact with the exhaust gas. Select diagram: figure 3
id-US8957275B2    abstract-The present invention relates to a process for the treatment of hazardous waste, the process comprising: (i) providing a hazardous waste; (ii) providing a further waste; (iii) plasma treating the hazardous waste in a first plasma treatment unit, (iv) gasifying the further waste in a gasification unit to produce an offgas and a char material; and (v) plasma treating the offgas, and optionally the char material, in a second plasma treatment unit to produce a syngas, (vi) optionally treating the syngas in a gas cleaning plant, wherein the first plasma treatment unit is arranged to plasma treat at least some of the solid by-products from the gasification unit and/or the second plasma treatment unit and/or the gas cleaning plant.
id-US20110214593A1    abstract-An eco-friendly system for generating thermal energy from waste biomass comprises a furnace, a set of boiler tubes placed on the top of the furnace, a rectangular or tubular structure housing the boiler tube and the furnace, an outlet for the flue gases leading to a cyclone, said cyclone carrying a tubular body for leading away a part of flue gases and fitted with a butterfly control valve for regulating flow of effluent gases, a tubular body connecting the body to the suction blower, a water tank, a hopper for waste biomass, and a fuel injection blower for introducing fuel inside the furnace by means of pressurized air jet blown through the pipe.
id-WO2011141106A4    abstract-In Verbrennungsanlage Nasstreber and other wet Festbrennstoffe are POTS (11) that generate Heißwasser and/or steam with internal combustion engines (12) associated so that at least the exhaust gas of the hot water bag explodes racing Feuerung(11)(12) is updated to fit the fuel of the black hole that is heated and dried It may be burned in Feuerung when dry. This also applies to the use of the cooling tube of the internal combustion engine (25/26) and the heat transported by the internal combustion engine to its surroundings.
id-US9874113B2    abstract-A system for generating steam supplies of coal another material to one or more processing chambers. Each processing chamber includes a plasma arc torch that heats the material in the presence of water and a treatment gas at an extremely high temperature. A product gas stream is delivered from each processing chamber to a heat recovery steam generator (HRSG). Each HRSG generates steam that is used to drive a steam turbine. The processing chambers and HRSGs are fluidly connected so that the product gas streams moves from a processing chamber, to a HRSG, to another processing chamber, and then to another HRSG, etc. Within any of the HRSGs, or after the final HRSG, water in the product gas may condense to liquid water that may be redirected to any of the processing chambers. In addition, CO 2  from the final HRSG may be redirected into any of the processing chambers to facilitate further reactions in the chambers.
id-US8324443B2    abstract-Secure containers are disclosed for disposal of unused, experimental, and/or expired pharmaceuticals, nutraceuticals, veterinary medicines, and/or similar materials, where the containers include at least one unidirectional apparatus for depositing materials into an interior of the container, while resisting normal attempts at retrieval of deposited materials. Methods are also disclosed for making and using the secure containers including a unidirectional member supporting deposition of materials into an interior of the container, while resisting withdrawal of deposited materials.
id-WO2011156871A1    abstract-An assembly (10) comprising: an engine (12) having a compressor (13) coupled via a shaft (14) to a turbine (15), the engine (12) having an inlet; a heat exchanger (20) having a radiant heat exchanger portion (32) and a convection heat exchanger portion (34); a combustor (40) having a combustor inlet (41) and a combustion products outlet (48); a clean air line (21) having a first section (21a) extending from the engine inlet and through the compressor (13), a second section (21b) extending from the compressor (13) to the heat exchanger (20), a third section (21c) within the heat exchanger (20) extending through the convection heat exchanger portion (34) and then the radiant heat exchanger portion (32), and a fourth section (21 d) extending from the heat exchanger (20) and through the turbine (15); an engine exhaust line (22) extending from the turbine (15) to the combustor inlet (41); a first fuel source (90) in communication with the engine exhaust line (22); and a combustor products line (24) extending from the combustion products outlet (48), through the radiant heat exchanger portion (32) and then the convection heat exchanger portion (34) of the heat exchanger (20) for providing heat energy in use to the third section (21c) of the clean air line (21).
id-US9422478B2    abstract-Char-handling processes for controlling overall heat balance, ash accumulation, and afterburn in a reheater are provided. Carbonaceous biomass feedstock is pyrolyzed using a heat transfer medium forming pyrolysis products and a spent heat transfer medium. The spent heat transfer medium is separated into segregated char and char-depleted spent heat transfer medium. The char-depleted spent heat transfer medium is introduced into a dense bed of heat transfer medium fluidized by a stream of oxygen-containing regeneration gas. All or a portion of the segregated char is combusted in the dense bed using the stream of oxygen-containing regeneration gas. A portion of the segregated char may be exported out of the pyrolysis system to control the overall heat balance and ash accumulation.
id-WO2012004739A2    abstract-The present invention relates to a biomass power plant (1). This plant (1) comprises a heat generator (2) comprising a burner (3) suitable for said biomass combustion, wherein to said combustion a flame and biomass combustion fumes are associated, a thermodynamic cycle electric energy production assembly (5), a main heat-exchanger (6) in communication with the burner (3) which puts the burner (3) and the electric energy production assembly (5) in a heat-transfer relationship. The main heat-exchanger (6) comprises a first plurality of pipes (21) which develop as a helix, delimiting a heat-transfer chamber (23) in the main heat-exchanger (6), and a second plurality of pipes (22) in fluid communication with the first plurality of pipes (21) which develop as a helix, externally at least partially encircling the first plurality of pipes (21). These first (21) and second (22) pluralities of pipes are adapted to carry a working fluid and are in fluid communication with the electric energy production assembly (5) such as to transfer to it, through said working fluid, part of the heat developed in the burner (3) during the biomasses combustion for implementing said thermodynamic cycle. The burner (3) is configured and arranged in respect to the heat-transfer chamber (23) such that, during the biomasses combustion, the flame develops at least partially within said heat-transfer chamber (23), so that the working fluid in the first plurality of pipes (21) is heated by convection by the fumes and by radiation by the combustion flame.
id-EP2634079A1    abstract-The present invention provides a ship load adjusting device for adjusting the load of the ship by burning, by means of comprising a raw material storage portion for storing raw material and a collective/storage tank, which are symmetrically mounted on the front end of the ship with an incinerator at the middle, and provides a ship load adjustment device comprising: a first ballast, which is disposed at the raw material storage tank and at the lower portion of the ship, for storing sea water; a second ballast for storing sea water, which is disposed at the lower portion of the collection/storage tank storing ashes produced after burning the raw material in the raw material storage tank, and at the lower portion of the ship; a first control device for controlling the inflow/outflow of the sea water between the first ballast and the second ballast; a third ballast for storing sea water which allows the inflow/outflow of sea water according to the reduced amount of the raw material due to burning of the raw material; and a second control device for controlling the inflow/outflow of sea water in the third ballast. By providing the ship processing marine waste into a resource including the ship load adjustment device, the present invention can not only reduce the cost of land transportation required to process marine waste which is accumulated in the sea but also can effectively and fundamentally prevent environmental problems that occur in the process of transporting, because the marine waste is processed on the sea by the ship of the present invention. Also, the present invention can fundamentally resolve the secondary environmental problems, such as securing reclaimed land and soil pollution due to conventional burying of marine waste in the land, and transforms the problems of simply burying marine waste, which emits high heat, into creating energy by means of burning. In addition, by using the converted energy for sailing the ship to the locations where marine waste is accumulated, the use of crude oil traditionally required for sailing can be dramatically reduced to cut costs, and furthermore, the converted energy source is high-quality electricity that can be supplied to island regions, which are marginalized areas in terms of power supply, thereby effectively reducing costs for building an additional power generating facility in the island regions and contributing to facilitating access to the energy source.
id-US20120031987A1    abstract-A process heater system ( 10 ) for an industrial envelope ( 11 ) comprises a main combustion chamber ( 20 ), an afterburner ( 30 ), and an exhaust stack ( 40 ). Retrofitted heat-recovery piping ( 50 ) receives combustion gas downstream of the afterburner ( 30 ) and uses it as a heat source for the industrial envelope. When the industrial load in the main combustion chamber ( 20 ) is paint, powder coating, varnish, epoxy, grease and/or oil, the secondary materials burned in the afterburner  30  can be considered alternative fuel, not solid wastes.
id-US20170198634A1    abstract-A method and system for cost effectively converting a feedstock using thermal plasma, or other styles of gassifiers, into a feedwater energy transfer system. The feedstock can be any organic material, or fossil fuel. The energy transferred in the feedwater is converted into steam which is then injected into the low turbine of a combined cycle power plant. Heat is extracted from gas product issued by a gassifier and delivered to a power plant via its feedwater system. The gassifier is a plasma gassifier and the gas product is syngas. In a further embodiment, prior to performing the step of extracting heat energy, there is is provided the further step of combusting the syngas in an afterburner. An air flow, and/or EGR flow is provided to the afterburner at a rate that is varied in response to an operating characteristic of the afterburner. The air flow to the afterburner is heated.
id-WO2012040790A1    abstract-The invention relates to a power generation system which comprises at least one gas turbine having an air intake and an exhaust system, a heat recovery steam generator having a duct burner, the heat recovery steam generator being supplied with exhaust gas from the exhaust system of the at least one gas turbine, a mine drain gas supply unit for supplying mine drain gas to the duct burner and a steam turbine driven by steam generated in the heat recovery steam generator. The power generation system may further include a vent air methane supply unit for supplying vent air methane to the air intake of the at least one gas turbine.
id-US8706362B2    abstract-The different illustrative embodiments provide a method for processing biological material. Biological material is monitored for in a field. The biological material is retrieved from the field to form retrieved biological material in response to detecting the biological material in the field. A conversion system converts the retrieved biological material into energy. A portion of the energy is directed to a remote location. The conversion system moves in the field during at least one of the monitoring, the retrieving, and the converting.
id-WO2012063773A1    abstract-A gasifier that can gasify biomass resources in a form that produces little tar. Gasifier 10 includes punching plate 11, which is divided into upper and lower parts of the furnace, biomass resource supply port 10a, which is used to supply biomass resources on punching plate 11, and first oxidizer supply port 10c, which is used to supply oxidizer to the furnace. The first oxidizer supply path from the second oxidizer supply port 10d and the oxidizer from the first oxidizer supply port 10c are supplied downward from the top of the drilling plate 11; A second oxidizer supply path is provided to multiple locations in the enclosure, and a dry distillation gas outlet 10b is provided to the outside of the dry distillation gas generated by partial oxidation and pyrolysis of biomass resources on the punching plate 11.
id-US20140360192A1    abstract-A system for producing energy and heat from biomass is disclosed. The system includes a feed system, a gasifier, a thermal fluid oil heater, and a generator based on the organic Rankine cycle (ORC). The system may also include a controller that takes input from a number of sensors and controls, among other things, the rate at which fuel is fed into the system and the speed of fans and pumps that draw the products from one apparatus into the next. In this system, the biomass is fed into the gasifier, the resulting producer gas is flared and used to heat an oil in the thermal fluid oil heater, and the hot oil is used to provide input heat for the ORC generator. Methods for controlling such a system are also disclosed.
id-US20140144356A1    abstract-Systems and processes for processing sludge and other natural waste are provided. In one example, the sludge or natural waste may be dried into a powder using high-temperature gas to absorb moisture from the sludge, causing the high-temperature gas to become an at least partially saturated gas. The at least partially saturated gas may pass through a scrubber before being heated in an air-heater and used in the moisture absorption process. The heat for the air-heater may be provided by a burner operable to burn the dried powder obtained from the sludge. The heated gas may be used to pre-heat the saturated gas and may be used to dry additional sludge.
id-WO2012067605A1    abstract-Systems and methods for managing excess above-ground corn residue are disclosed. Systems and methods for combusting corn residue to produce heat for generating steam are also disclosed. Additionally, methods and systems for harvesting and pre-processing corn residue prior to combustion of the corn residue are disclosed.
id-WO2012066179A1    abstract-The invention concerns a method and furnace for the incineration of solid material in a furnace, in which method the fuel is supplied to the grate (11) of the chamber (10) of the furnace (1) to be incinerated and the flue gases are cycled to be re-incinerated. According to the invention, the flue gases are led from the chamber (10) through the cell structure (9a) located in the core (9) of the furnace (1) either for re-incineration or into the collection tank (2) for combustion residues.
