id-US20190234611A1    abstract-Disclosed is a system and method for the combustion of biomass material employing a swirling fluidized bed combustion (SFBC) chamber, and preferably a second stage combustion carried out in a cyclone separator. In the combustion chamber, primary air is introduced from a bottom air box that fluidizes the bed material and fuel, and staged secondary air is introduced in the tangential direction and at varied vertical positions in the combustion chamber so as to cause the materials in the combustion chamber (i.e., the mixture of air and particles) to swirl. The secondary air injection can have a significant effect on the air-fuel particle flow in the combustion chamber, and more particularly strengthens the swirling flow, promotes axial recirculation, increases particle mass fluxes in the combustion chamber, and retains more fuel particles in the combustion chamber. This process increases the residence time of the particle flow. The turbulent flow of the fuel particles and air is well mixed and mostly burned in the combustion chamber, with any unburned waste and particles being directed to the cyclone separator, where such unburned waste and particles are burned completely, and flying ash is divided and collected in a container connected to the cyclone separator, while dioxin production is significantly minimized if not altogether eliminated. The system exhaust is directed to a pollutant control unit and heat exchanger, where the captured heat may be put to useful work.
id-US20210190311A1    abstract-Disclosed is a system and method for the combustion of biomass material employing a swirling fluidized bed combustion (SFBC) chamber, and preferably a second stage combustion carried out in a cyclone separator. In the combustion chamber, primary air is introduced from a bottom air box that fluidizes the bed material and fuel, and staged secondary air is introduced in the tangential direction and at varied vertical positions in the combustion chamber so as to cause the materials in the combustion chamber (i.e., the mixture of air and particles) to swirl. The secondary air injection can have a significant effect on the air-fuel particle flow in the combustion chamber, and more particularly strengthens the swirling flow, promotes axial recirculation, increases particle mass fluxes in the combustion chamber, and retains more fuel particles in the combustion chamber. This process increases the residence time of the particle flow. The turbulent flow of the fuel particles and air is well mixed and mostly burned in the combustion chamber, with any unburned waste and particles being directed to the cyclone separator, where such unburned waste and particles are burned completely, and flying ash is divided and collected in a container connected to the cyclone separator, while dioxin production is significantly minimized if not altogether eliminated. A Stirling engine along with cooling system and engine control box is integrated with the SFBC chamber to produce electricity from the waste combustion process. Residual heat in the flue gas may be captured after the combustion chamber and directed to a fuel feeder to first dry the biomass. System exhaust is directed to a twisted tube-based shell and tube heat exchanger (STHE) and may produce hot water for space heating.
id-US10662123B2    abstract-A rural bulk organic waste pollutant source comprehensive treatment system including a solid high-temperature aerobic fermentation reactor, a liquid high-temperature aerobic fermentation reactor and a multifunctional boiler is provided. A rural bulk organic waste pollutant source comprehensive treatment method. For excretion waste of a livestock farm adopting the technology of manure cleaning by urine submerging, a solid-liquid separation is firstly performed thereto, wherein solid is conveyed to the solid high-temperature aerobic fermentation reactor and fermented to produce solid organic fertilizers, and liquid is conveyed to the liquid high-temperature aerobic fermentation reactor and fermented to produce liquid organic fertilizers. For dry collection manure of a livestock and poultry farm, carbon-containing auxiliary materials, residues left after dead animals and household waste being incinerated by the multifunctional boiler, and ash generated by straw burning are added thereto, and then the mixture is conveyed to the solid high-temperature aerobic fermentation reactor and fermented to produce solid organic fertilizers. Exhaust fume and hot water produced by the multifunctional boiler pass through the solid high-temperature aerobic fermentation reactor and the liquid high-temperature aerobic fermentation reactor to heat the reactors and keep the reactors warm.
id-US11145915B2    abstract-The present invention provides a method for treating at least one lithium ion battery enclosed in a housing containing aluminum, comprising heating the lithium ion battery using a combustion furnace in which a combustion object is incinerated by flames, while preventing the flames from being directly applied to the housing of the lithium ion battery.
id-WO2016164901A1    abstract-A system comprising a plasma assisted vitrifier (8) configured to produce vitrified product. A feed pipe (4) can be fluidly connected to the plasma assisted vitrifier (8). The feed pipe (4) can be configured to deliver a feedstock into the plasma assisted vitrifier. A heated combustion air conduit (34) can be fluidly connected to the plasma assisted vitrifier (8). A spinning fiberizer can be disposed next to the plasma assisted vitrifier (8) and configured to receive the vitrified product (24). An emissions attenuation device can be fluidly connected to the plasma-assisted vitrifier (8) and configured to treat gaseous emissions generated by the plasma-assisted vitrifier (8).
id-US20160341421A1    abstract-A biomass boiler system for significantly reducing corrosion and creosote buildup within the interior of a fire container. The biomass boiler system generally includes a primary combustion chamber having an exterior surface and an interior surface, and a water jacket having an inner wall, an outer wall and a water cavity defined between the inner wall and the outer wall. The inner wall is distally spaced from the exterior surface of the primary combustion chamber forming an air chamber. The water cavity contains a volume of liquid heated by thermal conduction of heat from the primary combustion chamber through the air chamber then through the inner wall of the water jacket. The heated liquid may be used for heating, electrical energy generation or other purpose.
id-US20160377354A1    abstract-The invention is in the form of a regenerative thermal oxidizer (RTO) comprising a chamber having a first opening into the chamber, a second opening into the chamber, a source of heat within the chamber, and one or more heat recovery media positioned within the chamber, each heat recovery media comprising plates having a first surface and an opposite second surface, wherein at least one plate has one or more openings passing from the first surface to the second opposite surface. The arrangement of the plates provides channels formed between adjacent plates and a flow of gas through the chamber is parallel with the channels
id-WO2017008969A1    abstract-The purpose of this invention is to neutralize the filter mixture (I) with ethyl, i.e., the ethyl used belongs to the formulation (I), where R1 (C) 1-c4-Alkyl, CH 2 CH 2 or CH 2 (CH 3)OH.
id-US20220018538A1    abstract-A method and apparatus for thermal processing of contaminated liquids is disclosed. The system employs an efficient and robust pulse jet burner as its basic energy source. This energy is then used to generate steam which may subsequently be used for a variety of processing and purification steps. A multiple-chamber approach is used: a burner chamber contains the pulse jet burner, a neighboring heat exchanger chamber uses this heat energy to initiate the purification process which started in a third neighboring coagulator chamber into which the contaminated fluids are initially introduced to the system. Combustible liquids which are separated from the contaminated fluids may be used to power the pulse jet for self-contained operation. High temperature flue gases from the pulse jet pass through a supercharger box and then into a vortex dryer which may have a secondary vortex dryer for initial drying of wet solid fuels.
id-EP3124862A1    abstract-A heat transfer tube, for a fluidized-bed boiler, having a protector which has sufficient durability in a corrosive wear environment, while reducing an initial cost by avoiding a complex structure, considering maintainability such as installation and replacement, and lowering a risk of crack or deformation is disclosed. The heat transfer tube 1 for use in a fluidized bed of a fluidized-bed boiler includes a water tube 2 through which a fluid flows, a thin protector 4, a thick protector 3 made of casting which are provided at an outer circumferential side of the water tube 2 and are configured to protect the water tube 2, a heat-insulating layer 6 provided between the water tube 2 and the thin protector 4, and a fixing jig 5. The fixing jig 5 is fixed to the thick protector 3 to cause the fixing jig 5 to hold the thin protector 4 provided at the outer circumferential side of the water tube 2.
id-US11215360B2    abstract-A method and device for drying wood chips to be used as raw material for a gas-generating reactor, the device being disposed between the storage for wood chips and the reactor. Product gas of the reactor is at least partially used in a block-type thermal power station (BHKW), and hot air from the housing of the block-type thermal power station is used to heat and dry wood chips in a drying hopper which has at least one outlet for the cooled humidified air. The wood chips enter the drying hopper through a first air-tight lock and exit the drying hopper through a second air-tight lock.
id-EP3150914A1    abstract-The invention relates to a process for the gasification of waste, particularly household waste, in an apparatus comprising a gasification system for waste treatment and gasifier (7), comprising the following successive steps: (a) start-up, (b) loading of waste into the waste processing, (c) processing waste, starting from step (c1) grinding the waste in a system for processing waste, (d) passing treated waste from the processing of waste to the gasifier (7), (e) producing synthesis gas in the gasifier (7), (f) producing electricity and/or heat from the synthesis gas, wherein step (c) comprises a sequence of the steps (c2) drying the waste, (c3) granulation of the dried waste obtained from step (c2), (c4) compression of the granulate produced in step (c3), and wherein step (d) is passing compressed granules of step (c4) to step (e), the interval between steps (c1) - (c4) and step (e) may be any, and excess unused energy produced in step (f) is stored. The invention also comprises an apparatus for the gasification of waste, particularly household waste, particularly for performing the method according to the invention.
id-WO2017078418A1    abstract-In this invention is existing as a separate system for organizing handprints and dry in one system so that it can perform together, coating occurs when substances using activated charcoal or catalyst filtration and filter device by 연소방식 without removing minimize emissions of hazardous material of concentration's burn cut using a thermal storage 연소방식 cheetah on the coating system, The configuration is connected with an intake chamber where the mirage is sucked in by A mirage supply line equipped with valve A, and A feed chamber equipped with A filter supercharger fan inside; Connected to the supercharger line of the feeding fan of the above feeding chamber, and connected to the other side of the feeding chamber of the above feeding chamber by the exhaust line installed with valve B, with the stamped booth formed by the exhaust filter; 상기 exhaust filter emissions of painting booth line balancing according you remind, emissions and connected line B supply fan installed on the distribution of line, emissions and air chamber is connected by the gas circulation line processing, lowing processing gas circulation line installed on the valve C regenerative combustion equipment and; Diverging from the forward side treatment gas circulation line of valve C of the above heat storage combustion facility, and comprising the treatment gas discharge line with valve D installed;
id-WO2017090012A1    abstract-A gaseous, fluid or powdery fuel burner, into which three components are introduced: a fuel (40); An oxidizing gas (10), for example air and; An inert gas (20) e.g. combustion gases, nitrogen, or water vapour. Two components, for example air and inert gas, are mixed together (30) and propelled by one or more injection stages (95) arranged at different positions relative to the movement of the fuel.
id-WO2017078417A1    abstract-본 invention equipment, the gas inside the body lateral vertical suction in the phase of gas storage layer in supply room and processed and gas distribution in thermal storage layer of vertical again to go to your room and the installation of distributed body lateral could be released into the air, and the distribution layer distribution in rotor can be installed, Vertically 수평방향 as well is it possible to use each other and revenge of the equipment body combination equipment when the space between the body without the attached with vertical or horizontal so that it can achieve a combination of vertical distribution of combustion equipment, the configuration about the award is equipped with at least one burner combustor and; With a thermal storage layer furnished at the lower part of the above combustion chamber and segmental formed by the bulkhead into multiple thermal storage chambers; A distribution layer having multiple distribution chambers and a distribution layer equiped at the bottom of the storage layer corresponding to the form of the above storage layer and a distribution chamber corresponding to each of the above storage chambers; 상기 distribution layer of the bottom phase juts out in the distribution center remind rotor is installed vertically purchases, and distribution of rotor driven by the distribution of each layer distribution in the chamber didn't out, processing gas supply or distribution outside of the rotor to drain distribution; consisting of storage devices.
