id-US10969098B2    abstract-Disclosed is a combustion machine, including: a hopper, a drying mechanism and a combustion mechanism. The hopper is configured for storing materials and conveying the materials to the drying mechanism. The drying mechanism includes a conveying mechanism and a drying chamber, and the conveying mechanism is connected with the hopper and conveys the materials in the hopper to the drying chamber. The combustion mechanism includes a combustion chamber connected with the drying chamber via a material conveying pipeline, and a fire outlet pipe arranged in the combustion chamber and used for outputting flame. A hot air pipeline is connected between the combustion chamber and the drying chamber, and a first exhaust fan is arranged in the hot air pipeline.
id-WO2020199098A1    abstract-A system for raising the steam temperature of a waste incinerator by utilizing leachate biogas comprises a leachate treatment device (1), a biogas purification device (2), a gas furnace (3), a waste incineration waste heat boiler (4), a heat exchanger (5), an air preheater (6), a turbo-generator (7) and a steam-air preheater (8). The high-temperature flue gas generated by biogas incineration heats the superheated steam of the waste incinerator, rationally utilizes the biogas generated by the leachate, avoids the local high temperature caused by the biogas injection into the furnace, avoids the occurrence of high-temperature corrosion, and improves the steam parameters of the waste incineration power plant. By using the high-temperature flue gas waste heat generated by biogas combustion to heat the primary air, the problem of low temperature corrosion of the air preheater (6) is avoided, the exhaust volume of the waste heat boiler (4) used to heat the primary air is saved, and the amount of steam for power generation is increased.
id-US20210207800A1    abstract-The embodiments described relate to an expeditionary solid waste disposal system configured to improve logistics and enable it to be readily deployed. The two-stage gasification/oxidation process takes place in a dual chambered device that resembles and functions as a shipping container. Incinerators or other waste conversion devices are commonly containerized by loading the equipment into a standard or modified shipping container. This apparatus is designed as a waste conversion unit that integrates all of the necessary features required to be an ISO-certified shipping container within its structural design such that the waste conversion system and shipping container are one and the same. With correct set-up by 2 persons aided by forklift the system can be configured and operational in a matter of hours.
id-JP2022176193A    abstract-[challenges] safely remove plastic material from objects with plastic material. The thermal decomposition device has a thermal decomposition device mechanism part 4, which includes a thermal decomposition furnace 301, which decomposes object 2 having plastic material, and a thermal decomposition device 5, which generates superheated steam supplied to the thermal decomposition furnace 300. The furnace body 301 of the pyrolysis furnace 300 has an inner wall member 303 with the space to accommodate object 2 and an outer wall member 302 surrounding the inner wall member 303. The main body of the furnace 301 has an insulation layer 313 surrounding the inner wall member 302 and a thermal storage layer 312 between the inner wall member 302 and the outer wall member 302. Select diagram in figure 13.
id-WO2020217587A1    abstract-[challenges] to make it possible to detoxify harmful gases generated by pyrolysis of organic matter with magnetized air and release them into the atmosphere. [solution] A heat exchanger C is placed between the treatment tank A and the combustion treatment mechanism B to separate and remove the moisture contained in the gas. Combustion treatment mechanism B has a high-temperature treatment reactor X and a cooling treatment tank Y. In the high-temperature processing furnace X, the high-temperature processing part 3 is formed on the upper part of the furnace that can maintain the high temperature above 800 degrees Celsius, the heating part 4 has a gap below the high-temperature processing part 3 and a large number of heating elements 41 that can generate high temperatures, and the heating part 5 that heats the heating elements 41. High temperature holding unit 6 is equipped with a temperature sensor 61 to control the temperature in the furnace. In cooling treatment tank Y, the high-temperature gas of the high-temperature treatment furnace X is cooled according to the temperature gradient through the bending continuous cylinder 71 extended in the water downward, and the cooling part 7 and the water level sensor 91 are used to sense the water level, so as to open and close the water supply part 92 and the water supply part 93. The water level holding unit 9 is provided to keep the water level within a certain range.
id-EP3739264A1    abstract-The invention relates to an incineration plant for solid material having- a combustion material inlet (1) through which solid material can be introduced,- a combustion chamber (2) in which the solid material is introduced and in which the solid material is combusted,- a combustion grate (3) with which the solid material and combusted solid material can be conveyed through the combustion chamber (2),- a primary air supply below the top of the combustion grate (3),- at least one nozzle arranged above the combustion grate (3) with which a gaseous medium can be provided, the nozzle having a gas inlet and a gas outlet.
id-WO2020233390A1    abstract-The invention discloses an evaporation equipment for low heat gas treatment, comprising a heating furnace and a burner. The burner is arranged on the left side of the heating furnace, a bundle type integrated module is arranged in the heating furnace, a gas-liquid separator is arranged on the right side of the heating furnace, and a filtering structure is arranged above the gas-liquid separator. A heat recovery structure is arranged between the gas-liquid separator and the heating furnace. The invention relates to the technical field of low-heat gas treatment in a steel mill. The bundle type integrated module is placed in a high-temperature heating furnace, and the low-heat type gas is burned by a special burner and then heat transferred to the material in the bundle type integrated module, and then enters the gas-liquid separator for separation. The low temperature tail gas and waste liquid after separation are purified by filter structure and discharged, which greatly utilizes the residual value of low thermal gas, saves investment and environmental protection. The equipment has simple structure and reasonable design.
id-US20220243912A1    abstract-Boiler equipment includes: a combustion device including a combustion chamber to combust fuel supplied to the combustion device; a combustion furnace including a combustion chamber formed inside thereof; and a heat exchanger transferring thermal energy obtained by combustion of the fuel in the combustion device to water. The combustion device is directly connected to a wall part of the combustion furnace such that the combustion chamber of the combustion device faces the combustion chamber of the combustion furnace. The fuel is efficiently combusted in the combustion chambers of the combustion device and the combustion furnace, which are integrated with each other. Thus, almost no ash is generated.
id-JP2020199491A    abstract-The invention discloses a disposal equipment for waste medical equipment. The invention is simple in structure, easy to operate and convenient in maintenance. The device automatically grinds the medical device, separates the material and is flammable. Complete burning of materials to reduce secondary pollution to the environment, and the heat from incineration to melt metal materials to facilitate resource recovery and reuse, reducing the probability of workers coming into contact with medical tools, improving the working environment of workers, and medical tools Increase processing efficiency, so the equipment has high use value and widespread value. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US10909547B1    abstract-This invention provides a system or method that includes combustion of mixed content solid waste to produce flue gases and separation of carbon dioxide gas in the produced combustion flue gas from other gaseous constituents of the flue gas in an amount produced from the burning of plastic material contained in the mixed content solid waste. The separated carbon dioxide is sequestered in geologic formations, thereby providing environmentally sound disposal and elimination of plastic waste, in one consolidated process, free of the need for separation of plastic waste from other solid or the need to identify and separate the various forms and compositions of plastic waste material. The illustrative disposal of plastic waste hereby is generally free of emission into the atmosphere of carbon dioxide gas. The invention includes a fee-generation process applied to customers, which can quantified and generated in association with the application of the system or method.
id-WO2021016824A1    abstract-The invention relates to an external reheat type waste incineration boiler, which comprises an incinerator (1) and a waste heat boiler. The waste heat boiler is composed of a drum (5), a reheater (6), three vertical film type water cooling walls (2), a convection horizontal flue (1.32) and a economizer tube box (4) arranged in a U-shape at the tail. The convective horizontal flue is successively arranged with the first medium temperature superheater (3.1), high temperature superheater (3.2), the second medium temperature superheater (3.3), the first low temperature superheater (3.4) and the second low temperature superheater (3.5). The drum of the waste heat boiler, the vertical film water wall, the convection horizontal flue and all superheaters in it are installed and fixed by a suspension device. The reheater adopts an inter-wall structure with saturated steam inside the pipe and reheated steam outside the pipe. The reheater is an external type of flue, and a hanging device is used to suspend the reheater above the flue. The above waste incineration boiler improves the steam parameters, increases the work capacity of the steam, and avoids the safety problems such as high temperature corrosion caused by placing the reheater in the flue.
id-WO2021009520A1    abstract-A method and an apparatus for treating comminuted waste material the method comprising: • a) providing a heating chamber (28) and one or more combustion heating means (40a-f) for heating the contents of the heating chamber (28), the heating chamber (28) having an inlet (21) and an outlet (22), • b) feeding comminuted waste material through the inlet (21) and into the heating chamber (28); • c) heating the comminuted waste material in the heating chamber (28), using the combustion heating means (40a-f), to generate a combustible gas; and • d) supplying at least a portion of the generated combustible gas to the one or more combustion heating means (40a-f) for heating the heating chamber (28).
id-JP2022544806A    abstract-Self-operated incinerator system is disclosed. The disclosed self-working incinerator system includes an incinerator, a steam boiler configured to receive the waste heat from the incinerator to produce steam, and a turbine configured to receive the steam produced by the steam boiler to generate turbine power. A generator configured to produce power by utilizing the turbine rotation force generated by the turbine equipment; It includes batteries configured for use in constant operation.
id-WO2021029501A1    abstract-The invention refers to a solid fuel supply unit which provides solid fuel containing waste; The solid fuel transfer unit, which is responsible for the continuous pyrolysis of the above solid fuel supplied from one side to the other side, transported by means of an externally supplied heat source; A discharge area where successive pyrolytic residues are discharged outward through the above solid fuel transfer unit; The gas transfer unit, passing through the above solid fuel transfer unit, captures and transfers the pyrolysis gas generated by the above solid fuel; The burner unit using the pyrolysis gas supplied through the above gas transfer unit to burn; And provide a steam generating unit using solid fuel which includes a steam generating unit which generates steam using heat source generated from the above burner unit. Therefore, waste solid fuel containing solid fuel in the low-temperature heat source by thermal decomposition of solid fuel, recyclable and thermal decomposition behavior of using steam heat decomposition gas occur in the steam generated, and generate solid fuel to supply some of the thermal decomposition of the solid fuel can be utilized to improve energy efficiency and can reduce costs.
id-WO2021042872A1    abstract-A waste incinerator and a waste incinerator waste heat recovery system, comprising a waste incinerator including a furnace body (1), the furnace body (1) is provided with a furnace chamber (2) for solid waste combustion, the furnace (2) is horizontally connected with a flue gas combustion chamber for drainage from the furnace (2), and the internal vertical array is distributed with a number of high-temperature silicon carbon tubes (3) with both ends of the opening. The gap between adjacent high temperature silicon carbide tubes (3) forms a flue gas secondary combustion chamber, and the inside of each high temperature silicon carbide tube (3) forms a flue gas tertiary combustion chamber. The flue gas generated during solid waste combustion forms a secondary combustion in the high temperature flue on the outer wall of the high temperature silicon carbon tube (3), and the flue gas then passes through the high temperature silicon carbon tube (3) to form a third high temperature combustion, which solves the defect of the combustion effect is not outstanding in the prior art, and can reduce the emission of harmful gases such as dioxins and the sterilization effect of the flue gas.
id-US20210071864A1    abstract-To preheat combustion air with gasification furnace flue gas, combustion air is flowed towards an inlet of a gasification furnace. The combustion air is heated using flue gas emitted from the gasification furnace. The flue gas is generated within the gasification furnace responsive to a gasification process. The heated combustion air is flowed into the inlet of the gasification furnace. The gasification process is implemented within the gasification furnace using the heated combustion air
id-WO2021066760A1    abstract-The invention is a solid-fuel burning and drying unit (1) capable of carbonized drying and burning of toxic gases, having a main body (30), comprising a fuel cell (2) configured in the said main body (30), a barrier surface (4) which closes said fuel cell from the upper region and enables combustion of toxic and volatile gases in the combustion zone (7) without mixing with the atmosphere, fuel supply elements and fuel discharge elements that deliver fuels to be burned into the fuel cell, wherein; comprising, that the said main body (30) contains a drying unit (10) in which the damp fuel is dried by heat from the combustion zone (7) by generating frictional energy by rotating through the configured drive element and coils (11) on the axis of rotation (z).
