id-US20190276757A1    abstract-A method is provided for thermally processing waste to produce steam and generate energy while minimizing air pollutants in a staged thermal reactor. The method includes gasifying the waste to convert the waste to a fuel gas and a substantially carbon free, inert, granulated, sintered mineral ash and reforming the fuel gas auto-thermally to minimize creation of nitrogen oxide when the fuel gas is combusted. The method further includes burning the reformed fuel gas to minimize creation of nitrogen oxide in a flame region of a fuel gas burner and recirculating cooled flue gas to control oxygen content and temperature during the reforming operation and the burning operation. In one example, reforming the fuel gas converts non-molecular nitrogen species into molecular nitrogen in an auto-thermal non-catalytic reformer unit by decomposition reactions promoted by a prevailing reducing gas atmosphere.
id-WO2017129655A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a system for the exploitation of a bitumen produced in a hydroconversion process of heavy hydrocarbon residues, which comprises one or more boilers for burning the bitumen; one or more denitrification units for the abatement of the nitrogen oxides (DeNOx) and carbon monoxide; one or more electrostatic precipitators (ESPs) for reducing solid particulate from the denitrified gases; one or more flue gas desulfurization (FGD) units for reducing sulfur dioxide; one or more units for recovering the metals contained in the solid residues and ashes.
id-US11692706B2    abstract-The invention provides a thermal cracking system which comprises a reactor, and a feed module or a solid product discharge module. The feed module transports a feed material from the outside environment to the reactor. While being transported, the feed material is heated by the feed module to become molten and fills up the interior of the feed module, thereby preventing air from entering the reactor. The solid product discharge module transports a solid product from the reactor to the outside environment. One end of the solid product discharge module is connected with the reactor. The other end of the solid product discharge module comprises a first opening interfacing with the outside environment. When the solid product is transported to the outside environment, the opening size of the first opening is selected such that the speed at which the solid product is entering the solid product discharge module form the reactor is equal to or greater than that at which the solid product is leaving the solid product discharge module, through the first opening, and into the outside environment. Benefit of the invention includes a higher production efficiency and enhanced safety for a thermal cracking system at industrial scale.
id-US10215406B1    abstract-A flue gas combustion apparatus for processing uncombusted flue gas components utilizing a reactor body. The reactor body houses first and second spiral passageways for motivating flue gas and ambient air, respectively, in a counter-current pattern. Heated ambient air feeds the flue gas in the reactor.
id-JP2018004113A    abstract-[challenges] provide waste incineration equipment that can stably inject heat into boilers. The waste incineration equipment according to one aspect of the invention includes an incinerator in which the waste dried in the drying part is burned in the burning part, a boiler in which the heat generated by the burning of the waste is used to generate steam, and a dust supply unit in which the waste is supplied to the drying part of the incinerator. Based on the gas detector that detects the properties of the furnace gas including the gas generated in the drying part and the gas detector that detects the properties of the furnace gas obtained from the gas detector, the optimal amount of sediment that generates the desired amount of heat when the dust in the drying part burns is calculated and dried. It is equipped with a control device to control the dust feeding device so that the amount of garbage accumulated in the part is the optimal amount of sediment. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20190162405A1    abstract-The invention relates to a staggered firing for combustion of wet charge materials, consisting of the following steps: pre-combustion designed as a fluidized bed firing, heat transition in a heat exchanger, dust precipitation, and post-combustion. The staggered firing is characterized in that during the heat transition in the heat exchanger, exhaust gases from the pre-combustion are cooled and combustion air for pre-combustion is heated and then supplied to the pre-combustion.
id-WO2018038563A3    abstract-According to the characteristics of the invention, a combustion chamber (110) formed on the one side a waste inlet and a combustion chamber (112) formed on the inside where the waste inlet is incinerated; Multiple jets are separated from the lower to the upper direction of the upper combustion chamber (110), forming an extension along the circumference of the upper combustion chamber (110), and an air inlet pipe (120) formed by multiple injection balls (121) that spray air toward the center of the upper combustion chamber (112) along the extended length; Air supply unit (130) to separate by each air inlet pipe (120) according to the control signal; Within the upper combustion chamber (110), a temperature sensor (140), which is equipped in each layer combustion chamber (112A to 112D) divided into upper and lower based on each air inlet pipe (120), to measure the combustion temperature of each layer combustion chamber; And a boiler unit for waste incineration is provided, which includes a control module (150) driving the air supply part (130) so that the air injection amount supplied to the combustion space in each floor is regulated according to the combustion temperature measurement of each temperature sensor (140);
id-WO2018066786A1    abstract-This invention for nox reduction waste incineration device about, garbage in a garbage as part of a recall, the dross in the moving process of burning the garbage of above stairs type part solids including the combustor, the combustion of waste of above organic gases generated in the process for preheated remind to induce heat circulation wealth and separation of solids combustion gas induction heating and some combustion interval, Recall in preheated oven cycle induction process of purpose above organic gas to heating or burning gas combustion and combustion air in cycle induction process above air mixer to mix the foregoing containing gas heating and circulation induction process remind remind in superheated gas and combustion air mixture then a mixed flue gas emissions in the direction of the gas emissions, including wealth.
