id-WO2013162167A1    abstract-Invention 액화천연가스 (LNG), liquefied petroleum gas (LPG), such as low temperature of liquid water refrigeration supply pressurized in order or in the handling of the air-conditioning heat to higher pressure and temperature of low temperature liquid to make into a liquid or gaseous water pressurized device, apply to natural gas leakage from being perceived as primary, and can It is concerned with the leakage detection and shut-off system of liquefied water heaters to ensure that the supply of heating medium can be cut off in case of leakage of natural gas, thus preventing secondary accidents.
id-US20130284123A1    abstract-The disclosure is directed to an energy recovery system for a mobile machine. The energy recovery system may include a tank configured to store a liquid fuel for combustion within an engine of the mobile machine, and a combustor selectively connectable to receive gaseous fuel formed in the tank. The energy recovery system may also include a recovery device operable to generate work using exhaust from the combustor.
id-US9638372B2    abstract-An operating gas system for an underwater vehicle, particularly for a submarine or an unmanned underwater vehicle, includes a fuel cell system and an operating gas vessel connected in terms of flow to the fuel cell system. In order to achieve simple and efficient storage of boil-off gasses, a gas-receiving device is also provided and is connected to the operating gas vessel. The gas-receiving device contains a sorbent for receiving boil-off gas from the operating gas vessel. The boil-off gas, which is produced in the operating vessel with an operating gas for the fuel cell system and which cannot be consumed directly in the fuel cell reaction, is therefore collected and stored with the aid of the sorbent in the gas-receiving device. A method for operating an operating gas system and an underwater vehicle are also provided.
id-US20150240995A1    abstract-A modular pump is in fluid communication with a vaporizer which is in fluid communication with a coolant exchanger. A fluid such as a cryogenic liquid like liquid nitrogen or liquid carbon dioxide is pumped via a high pressure modular pump to the vaporizer where the liquid becomes gas. The higher pressure gas is cooled by a coolant exchanger and can be fed to an onsite unit operation such as an enhanced oil recovery operation. The modular pump is unique to one fluid and may be removed and replaced by a modular pump that is unique to a different fluid. The coolant exchanger is in a thermal exchange relationship with a combustion engine which powers a hydraulic pump which feed hydraulic fluid to drive the high pressure pump.
id-US20140216065A1    abstract-A method for removing gas from a storage vessel and returning it along with a liquid feed to the vessel. The gas such as natural gas is withdrawn from the storage vessel and fed to a venturi device where it is combined with a feed of liquid to the venturi device. The gas will combine with the liquid feed in the venturi device while the pressure in the storage vessel will be decreased thereby reducing the need for venting and increasing efficiency of the storage vessel.
