id-US10704830B2    abstract-A reliquefaction system and process for innovative reliquefaction of LNG boil-off gas (BOG), where the reliquefaction is propelled by LNG gas fuel. The reliquefaction system is preferably installed on shipboard including LNG carrier or harbor tug, where the LNG carrier and harbor tug use a gas fuel engine.
id-WO2019134800A1    abstract-The invention refers to a method for providing pressurized gas at different pressure levels from a source (1) of liquefied gas to different pressure level consumers (10, 11, 12), wherein vaporized gas is supplied from the source (1) of liquefied gas through a main input line (2) to a compressor arrangement (3) for pressurizing the vaporized gas, the compressor arrangement (3) comprising a plurality of compressor modules (30, 31, 32) connected in series and/or in parallel, each compressor module being able to operate independently from any other compressor module of the compressor arrangement, and wherein gas flows of different pressure levels are generated by conducting the respective gas flow through one or more compressor modules (30, 31, 32) of the compressor arrangement (3), and wherein each of the different gas flows of different pressure levels is conducted through one of different consumer branch lines (20, 21, 22) to the respective different pressure level consumer (10, 11, 12).
id-US11174991B2    abstract-A system for dispensing a cryogenic fluid includes a bulk storage tank configured to contain a supply of the cryogenic fluid. A heat exchanger coil is positioned in the headspace of at least one intermediate fluid tank, which contains an intermediate fluid, and is configured to receive and warm a cryogenic fluid from the bulk storage tank via heat exchange with intermediate fluid vapor in the headspace. A buffer tank receives fluid from the heat exchanger coil. A chiller coil is positioned within the intermediate fluid tank and is submerged within intermediate fluid liquid contained within the at least one intermediate fluid tank. The chiller coil receives fluid from the buffer tank and cools it via heat exchange with intermediate fluid liquid within which the chiller coil is submerged for dispensing.
id-US20190316734A1    abstract-A low-pressure fuel management and delivery system 10 for a liquefied natural gas (LNG) rail tender is disclosed. The system provides a rail tender that is inherently safer in operation to known LNG rail tenders through its use of a double-hulled tank design 12, which lacks any penetration of the bottom surface of the first inner tank 16 by any portion of the fuel supply portion of the system 10; the lower pressure storage of the fuel 22 in the first inner tank 16; the inclusion of a gas return line 58 for directing fuel 22 trapped in the LNG flow lines 38, the heat exchanger 46, or the multistage gas compressor 52 to the vapor space 32 of the first inner tank 16 at safe pressures and temperatures; the lack of cryogenic pumps within the first inner tank 16 to drive the fuel supply portion of the system 10; and the location of all the flow controlling valves 40, 42, 50, and 56 in positions that afford them improved physical protection from potential damage due to vehicular collisions or other railroad accidents. During operation, the fuel management and delivery system 10 provides required fuel flow rates and temperatures to an associated locomotive through the use of hydrostatic pressure differences between the LNG fuel 22 and the vapor space 32 within first inner tank 16, as well as a heat exchanger 46 and a multi-stage compressor 52, which are preferably located external of the double-hulled fuel storage tank 12, but on the same rolling stock chassis 14.
id-US11162715B2    abstract-Standalone and self-contained cooling systems using compressed liquid and/or gas CO 2  containers positioned in an insulated or non-insulated vessel encompassing a container which is either vertically positioned in an upright or an upside-down position.      The liquid and/or gas CO 2  coolant is then released into a capillary system or flow metering system to allow the CO 2  to enter a second body to where the CO 2  coolant properties may be leveraged. The second body includes, by way of example, a plate, a cushion, a spot treatment pad for a person's muscle, or a cooler.      The temperature is controlled by a metering CO 2  releasing system encompassing an electronic control device which sends alerts when pre-defined thresholds are exceeded.      The invention's metering CO 2  releasing system may be triggered by an electronic or a thermostatic valve or may be triggered manually or by an electronic solenoid.
id-US10384926B1    abstract-A system for renewable energy storage, providing integral synthesis of heat source cryo-fuel and heat sink refrigerant for distributed electric generation and motor vehicle prime movers and refrigerant liquefiers. Fuel synthesis is by gasification and anaerobic digestion of organic feedstock with heat recovery to drive thermo-chemical reactor and air and fuel liquefiers.
id-US20200056807A1    abstract-Liquefied natural gas (LNG) boil off gas (BOG) and/or end flash gas (EFG) can be used to recondense refrigerant vent gas. For example, a method can include: passing LNG BOG through a first condensing heat exchanger and/or passing an EFG from liquefaction system through a second condensing heat exchanger; and condensing the refrigerant vent gas in the first and/or second condensing heat exchangers, wherein (when using the first condensing heat exchanger) the LNG BOG is the coolant in the first condensing heat exchanger and (when using the second condensing heat exchanger) the EFG is the coolant in the second condensing heat exchanger, and wherein (when using both condensing heat exchangers) the first and second condensing heat exchangers are in parallel and not in series.
id-WO2020109607A1    abstract-Device (10) for generating gas in gaseous form from liquefied gas, comprising: - a first heat exchanger (24) comprising a first cooling circuit (24a) comprising a liquefied gas inlet connected to a first line (18) which is intended to be connected to a liquefied gas outlet of at least one liquefied gas storage tank (14), - vaporization means (19) by vacuum fitting said first line, and - at least one compressor (26, 28), Characterized in that it further comprises a heater (25) having a gas inlet at least partly in liquid form, which is connected to an outlet of said first circuit (24a), and a gas outlet only in gaseous form which is connected to at least one compressor (26, 28).
