id-US10215338B2    abstract-A system for discharging hydrogen from two or more hydrogen storage vessels (1A, 1B, 1C) containing solid hydrogen storage material. The system includes at least one hydrogen supply line for connecting the hydrogen storage vessels to a hydrogen demand (3), and energy delivery system (6A, 6B, 6C) to provide heat to the hydrogen storage material in each hydrogen storage vessel to desorb hydrogen from the solid hydrogen storage material, and one or more supply connection conduits (4A, 4B, 4C) for connecting the supply line of lines to the hydrogen storage vessels (1A, 1B, 1C). Each supply connection conduit has a backflow prevention device (5A, 5B, 5C) to prevent hydrogen in the supply line from flowing back into the hydrogen storage vessels (1A, 1B, 1C). Also disclosed is a system for delivering a supply of hydrogen to a hydrogen supply line including a control system (7) to determine the timing of activation of an energy delivery system based (6A, 6B, 6C) on the hydrogen demand in the hydrogen supply line. The control system (7) activates the energy delivery system (6A, 6B, 6C) in the next hydrogen storage unit to provide a sufficient period of time for the material in the next hydrogen storage vessel to heat to the temperature at which hydrogen is provided at the supply pressure for the hydrogen supply line.
id-US20110225987A1    abstract-A cryogenic self powered system includes a cryogenically cooled chamber having a heat exchanger expelling an exhaust gas therefrom and a power generator coupled to the heat exchanger to use the exhaust gas to generate electricity.
id-US20110204064A1    abstract-Embodiments of the present invention relate to compressed gas energy storage systems exhibiting one or more desirable characteristics. Certain embodiments of such systems may be efficient (80% round-trip), cost-effective (system cost <$100 kWh), and/or quickly rampable (<10 minutes). Particular embodiments may use water sprays to facilitate heat transfer at high pressures during compression and expansion. The use of gas storage units of a filament-wound design, may significantly reduce the cost of gas storage.
id-US8943842B2    abstract-A process and apparatus that includes a cryogenic source for providing a cryogenic fluid for vaporization, a cryogenic pump in fluid flow communication with the cryogenic source for increasing the pressure of the cryogenic fluid, an unfired vaporizer coolant circuit  110  in fluid flow communication with the cryogenic pump and adapted to accept the cryogenic fluid to form a heated stream, a direct-fired vaporizer downstream and in fluid flow communication with the unfired vaporizer coolant circuit  110  and adapted to accept the heated stream from the unfired vaporizer coolant circuit to form a superheated stream; and a diesel engine power unit  118  to provide power to the cryogenic pump, the unfired vaporizer coolant circuit  110 , and the direct-fired vaporizer.
id-JPWO2012063944A1    abstract-The LNG vaporization facility vaporizes LNG through heat exchange between the nitrogen supply unit (2), the heater (4) that heats the nitrogen supplied from the nitrogen supply unit, the nitrogen heated by the heater and the LNG discharged from the LNG tank (1). It is equipped with A vaporizer (6a, 6b, 6c) and A recirculation line (7) for recirculation of nitrogen after heat exchange from the vaporizer to the heater after using it for reduction of BOG production or for reliquefaction. This configuration can provide LNG vaporization equipment that can use the cold heat of LNG to reduce the amount of BOG produced or to reliquefaction.
