id-US20160333747A1    abstract-A system for using recovered energy to increase the source to sink temperature differential for heating and cooling the working fluid of a prime mover, and in particular to a heat of compression braking source and liquefied or solidified air sink.
id-US20210207774A1    abstract-A cryogenic energy storage system comprises at least one cryogenic fluid storage tank having an output; a primary conduit through which a stream of cryogenic fluid may flow from the output of the fluid storage tank to an exhaust; a pump within the primary conduit downstream of the output of the tank for pressurising the cryogenic fluid stream; evaporative means within the primary conduit downstream of the pump for vaporising the pressurised cryogenic fluid stream; at least one expansion stage within the primary conduit downstream of the evaporative means for expanding the vaporised cryogenic fluid stream and for extracting work therefrom; a secondary conduit configured to divert at least a portion of the cryogenic fluid stream from the primary conduit and reintroduce it to the fluid storage tank; and pressure control means within the secondary conduit for controlling the flow of the diverted cryogenic fluid stream and thereby controlling the pressure within the tank. The secondary conduit is coupled to the primary conduit downstream of one or more of the at least one expansion stages.
id-US20180363852A1    abstract-Provided are a thermoelectric power generation module, a thermoelectric power generation apparatus including the same, an anti-icing vaporization device including the same, and an apparatus for a vaporized fuel gas liquefaction process including the same. The thermoelectric power generation module includes: a pipe through which a fluid flows; and a thermoelectric power generator configured to surround the pipe and to produce power due to a temperature difference between the fluid and outside air.
id-US20170059091A1    abstract-Disclosed are processes in which the pressure of a dense phase fluid stream containing hydrocarbons is reduced to produce a two-phase fluid stream, and energy is recovered. The process includes passing the dense phase fluid stream at a pressure greater than the cricondenbar pressure of the dense phase fluid stream through an expander where the dense phase fluid stream is expanded isentropically such that a two phase fluid stream having a pressure lower than the pressure of the dense phase fluid stream leaves the expander. The expander is coupled to a rotating mechanical power user, such that the expander drives the rotating mechanical power user. The process further includes passing the two phase fluid stream leaving the expander to a separator such that the two phase fluid stream is separated into a vapor phase stream and a liquid phase stream. The composition or quantity of liquid formed can be adjusted to control the dew point of the gas produced from the dense-phase fluid.
id-WO2017059299A1    abstract-Liquid cryogen from a tank having a head space pressure P1 is vaporized with a pressure building vaporizer to gaseous cryogen and the pressure of the gaseous cryogen is built to a pressure P2. The pressurized gaseous cryogen at pressure P2 is expanded across an expander to decrease its pressure and fed to a point of use at an installation including the vaporizer at a pressure P3. P2 ? 2 X P3. Energy from the expanded gas may be recovered in the form of mechanical energy, electrical energy.
id-US10655784B2    abstract-A gas supply device includes a storage container that accumulates liquefied gas, a vaporizer for vaporizing liquefied gas derived from the storage container, a compression device that compresses gas vaporized from the liquefied gas in the vaporizer, a pressure accumulator that accumulates gas compressed in the compression device, and a supply path linked to a dispenser from the pressure accumulator.
id-US10775080B2    abstract-A skid for capturing refrigeration from liquefied natural gas vaporization is disclosed comprising a first heat exchanger mounted on the skid, the first heat exchanger having a natural gas inlet, a natural gas outlet, a process fluid inlet, and a process fluid outlet. The process fluid is configured to flow from the process fluid inlet through the first heat exchanger to the process fluid outlet and then to the process fluid inlet. Other embodiments of the system for capturing refrigeration from vaporization of liquid natural gas, and methods for its use, are described herein.
