id-WO2023134605A1    abstract-This application discloses a vehicle adaptive energy recovery method, device and vehicle. When detecting that the vehicle is about to enter the deceleration demand scenario, the current speed of the vehicle and the first deceleration speed corresponding to the current speed are obtained, and the current speed is decelerated according to the first deceleration speed. The predicted speed of the vehicle after a preset deceleration period and the predicted distance between the vehicle and the vehicle in front are obtained. If the predicted speed is equal to the speed of the vehicle in front and the predicted distance is equal to the safe distance, then the driver will be output the taxi prompt information, which can make the vehicle after energy recovery. The distance between the vehicle and the vehicle in front is relatively stable and maintained at the safe distance, effectively avoiding the energy conversion loss caused by stepping on the accelerator due to the excessive distance, and the mechanical friction loss caused by the active braking due to the small distance, realizing the maximum energy recovery and ensuring the driving comfort.
id-US20230223884A1    abstract-A motor drive system includes a battery, double-stator axial gap motors, inverter circuits configured to control power running drive and regenerative drive of the double-stator axial gap motors, step-up/step-down circuits configured to adjust at least voltage of regeneratively generated power of the double-stator axial gap motors, and one or more control devices configured to control drive of the inverter circuits and the step-up/step-down circuits. Each of the double-stator axial gap motors includes two stators. Each of the inverter circuits are connected to a respective one of the two stators. The inverter circuits are connected in series. A single step-up/step-down circuit among the step-up/step-down circuit is provided for each of the axial gap motors. The single step-up/step-down circuit provided for each of the axial gap motors is connected to one of two inverter circuits connected to the two stators among the inverter circuits.

id-US20230219429A1    abstract-A vehicle drive system includes a battery, at least one drive motor, inverter circuits, a step-up circuit, and a switch. The inverter circuits are configured to drive the at least one drive motor. The step-up circuit is connected between the battery and the inverter circuits. The switch is configured to switch a connection state of the inverter circuits to the step-up circuit between series connection and parallel connection.

id-US20230234590A1    abstract-A vehicle includes a regenerative braking device provided on regenerative braking wheels, which are any ones of front wheels and rear wheels, a frictional braking device configured to separately control a frictional braking force applied to each of the front wheels and the rear wheels, and an electronic control unit is configured to, upon detecting a slip state where a wheel speed of the regenerative braking wheels executing regenerative braking is below a slip determination threshold value positioned between a vehicle body speed and an anti-lock brake control operation threshold value, execute a regenerative control process for controlling the regenerative braking device such that the regenerative braking device generates a regenerative braking force that decreases a difference between the wheel speed and the slip determination threshold value.

id-US20230226921A1    abstract-A system and method for controlling charge and discharge using paddle braking, which is capable of improving energy efficiency of an entire system by scheduling other loads except for a drive motor and using some of the energy generated by regenerative braking to operate the loads according to the scheduling thereof without storing it in a battery, includes an input unit configured to input a braking command to a vehicle, a regenerative braking unit configured to perform driving and regenerative braking of the vehicle, a load unit including a plurality of other loads using electrical energy charged in a battery, and a control unit configured to receive the braking command and control braking and regenerative braking.

id-US20230226920A1    abstract-Systems and methods for generating power for a tractor-trailer combination, including: a drop-lift axle coupled to the bottom of the trailer, the drop-lift axle to deploy at least one wheel when a primary brake is applied and the trailer is operating at a predetermined state; at least one regenerative brake retarder coupled to the at least one wheel, the at least one regenerative brake retarder to generate energy when the at least one wheel is deployed, wherein the at least one regenerative brake retarder acts as an auxiliary brake; and an energy storage system configured to store the energy generated by the at least one regenerative brake retarder, the energy storage system to release the stored energy a main battery to power at least one component of the trailer when needed.

id-US20230226922A1    abstract-A vehicle control system includes a first vehicle sensor configured to monitor a condition of a battery pack; a second vehicle sensor configured to monitor a torque request; and a braking control circuit communicably coupled to the first vehicle sensor and the second vehicle sensor. The braking control circuit is configured to (i) determine an operating mode for a braking system based on the battery condition and the torque request, and (ii) control the braking system based on the operating mode.

id-US20230241981A1    abstract-A method of controlling a vehicle. The vehicle includes an axle assembly and a one-pedal driving system. The axle assembly may be operatively connected to an electrical machine that is configured to provide torque to a vehicle wheel. The one-pedal driving system that has a pedal that controls torque provided by the electrical machine.

id-US11618332B1    abstract-This disclosure is directed to methods and systems for charging an electric vehicle. A charging system may be used to charge the energy storage devices of an electric vehicle by using the power generation or regeneration systems or devices of the vehicle. The vehicle may access the charging system by positioning one or more wheels of the vehicle adjacent to, or on top of, one or more drive rollers of the charging system. The driver rollers may be rotatably coupled to one or more motors. A controller may control operation of the charging system, including the charging of the vehicle, by causing the motor to cause the drive rollers to rotate. The wheels of the vehicle may rotate in response to rotation of the drive rollers, causing power generation or regeneration systems of the vehicle to generate energy to store in an energy storage device of the vehicle.

id-US20220194520A1    abstract-The present invention discloses a chainless electrical bicycle, which is designed to eliminate any type of mechanical means to transfer torque and power from pedals to a traction wheel. The present invention employs a generator to transfer a pedal torque and power with the help of power electronics, control electronics, a battery and control methods to a motor that is used for traction, which is attached to the traction wheel. The generator power is supplemented with the battery power, wherein the battery is rechargeable. The main purpose of the present invention is to emulate a mechanical chain bicycle operation, eliminate shortcomings of a mechanical chain bicycle, and introduce convenience features, such as, but not limited to, continuously variable electronic gear, a gravity compensation, a static and dynamic torque assistance, a ride charge feature, and an electric brake system.

