id-EP4091893A1    abstract-An ACE heavy truck fuel saving system provided by the present disclosure is based on a double-motor mixed hybrid powertrain system architecture, especially an electrical power split device. Under the condition that no new hardware device is added, the transmission path, direction and amplitude of hundred-kilowatt-level mechanical or electric power flow among all vehicle-mounted power subsystems are dynamically regulated and controlled through software definition or remote iteration updating, new functions of vehicle longitudinal driving control and electromechanical energy management are flexibly established or the existing functions are timely improved, the SAE LI-level automatic driving function is achieved, therefore, the power performance, fuel consumption, pollutant emission and active safety of the complete vehicle can be optimized at the same time, and the actual energy-saving and emission-reducing effect of ACE heavy truck operation is basically decoupled from the performance of a vehicle engine and the driving level of a driver. A cloud-end and vehicle-end collaborative fuel saving data set is combined with a machine learning fuel saving algorithm, so that the fuel saving system has the capabilities of automatic learning and autonomous evolution in the life cycle of the vehicle, and energy saving and emission reduction of the vehicle can be continuously optimized.

id-US20230075054A1    abstract-The invention relates to a utility vehicle (IO), preferably a truck, comprising a structure ( 22 ) or trailer ( 46 ) having a consumer ( 20 ) and a fuel cell device ( 12 ). The fuel cell device ( 12 ) is designed to be connectable as a range extender of the utility vehicle (IO) and to supply the consumer ( 20 ) with electrical power and/or waste heat.

id-US11654875B2    abstract-A vehicle includes an electric machine, friction brakes, a drivetrain, and a controller. The electric machine is configured to recharge a battery during regenerative braking. The friction brakes are configured to apply torque to wheels of the vehicle to slow the vehicle. The controller is programmed to, in response to and during an anti-locking braking event, generate a signal indicative of a total torque demand to brake the vehicle based on a difference between a desired wheel slip ratio and an actual wheel slip ratio, adjust a regenerative braking torque based on a product of the signal and a regenerative braking weighting coefficient, adjust a friction braking torque based on a product of the signal and a friction braking weighting coefficient, and further adjust the regenerative braking torque based on a closed-loop control of an estimated regenerative braking torque feedback.

id-US20210229646A1    abstract-A method of controlling braking of a vehicle is provided. When a disconnector is disconnected and an auxiliary drive wheel is separated from a driving system, vehicle braking is performed with regenerative braking by a primary drive wheel motor during braking. Subsequently, the disconnector is connected based on a vehicle stability state, and then, braking is performed simultaneously on the auxiliary drive wheel and a primary drive wheel.

id-US11586199B2    abstract-A vehicle includes an ADK that creates a driving plan, a VP that carries out vehicle control in accordance with various commands from the ADK, and a vehicle control interface that interfaces between the VP and the ADK. A power supply structure for the ADK is provided independently of a power supply structure for the VP.

id-US11557988B2    abstract-A multi-disk brake system comprises an electrical generator disposed therein. The electrical generator is configured to convert mechanical energy to electrical energy. The mechanical energy may be generated during a braking event of the multi-disk brake system. The electric generator may power various electrical components on the aircraft or store the electrical energy in a capacitor bank. The electric generator may also act as a motor and/or power a landing gear in a motor configuration.

id-US20230027431A1    abstract-An electric vehicle control device, an electric vehicle control method, and an electric vehicle control system according to one embodiment of the present invention are configured to: obtain, based on operation information on release of an accelerator pedal of a vehicle and turn information on a turn of the vehicle, change rate information on a temporal change amount of a regenerative braking force with respect to an operation amount of the accelerator pedal; and output a regenerative braking control command for applying the regenerative braking force to a wheel based on the change rate information.

id-US20210229535A1    abstract-An opening-closing body control device for a vehicle includes: an opening-closing control unit configured to control an operation of an opening-closing body provided in an opening portion of a vehicle by controlling energization of a motor serving as a drive source. When the opening-closing body being moved based on a driving force of the motor is to be stopped, the opening-closing control unit sets a free running period during which free rotation of the motor is allowed, and executes brake control for generating a braking force in the motor after the free running period elapses.

id-US20210221242A1    abstract-The patent presents Resilient In-Wheel-Motor (RIWM) technology with an enhanced scheme to control the regenerative power that can be delivered by hybrid and electric vehicles to be faster and with a lower total cost than other electric drive systems. Hub motors have been included a built-in inverter, control electronics, software and smart battery management that simplify the adoption of hybrid and electrified powertrains across a broad range of vehicles, based on add new performance feature to handle some existing challenges that will be mentioned bellow. The objective of the paper is to propose hub motor that is incorporated with high-speed dynamic energy storage as fast batteries, ultracapacitors and small flywheel units. That can achieve integrated hub motor system that will be reflected in enhanced structure to each component of electric vehicle systems, in addition to, Interior Search Algorithm (ISA) will be applied to control and optimize the performance parameters.

id-JP2021112955A    abstract-[problem] a braking control device that can improve the stability of straight driving or turn response when braking force is generated and values related to the steering Angle are detected. The control device of the invention includes: the first braking force applied to the steering wheel of the vehicle 50a and 81; the second braking force applied to the non-steering wheel of the vehicle 50b and 82; the first braking force applied to the target braking force 50a and 81 Control device 6 controls the second braking part 50b and 82. The control device 6 obtains the steering Angle information of part 61 related to the steering Angle of the steering wheel. When the target braking force is added, the first braking force and the second braking force can be obtained according to the steering Angle related value. The distribution change section 63 for the distribution change control that changes the distribution of the braking force and the force. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20210237581A1    abstract-Embodiments of the present disclosure are directed to dynamically and automatically adjusting a standard regenerative braking intensity. Roadway data, data from one or more sensors of the vehicle and data comprising parameter values for operating states of the vehicle regarding a roadway from a route being navigated by the vehicle are received by a processor of a control system of the vehicle. Standard regenerative braking intensity values based on a vehicle's acceleration is retrieved from memory. Adjusted regenerative braking intensity values are calculated based on at least one of the roadway data, the sensor data and the parameter values of the operating states of the vehicle and the standard regenerative braking intensity values. The adjusted regenerative braking intensity values are transmitted to the control system and an acceleration or deacceleration amount is applied to the vehicle based on the adjusted regenerative braking intensity values.

id-US11440417B2    abstract-Methods and systems for operating axles of a vehicle are provided. In one example, relationships between accelerator pedal position and driver demand torque may be adjusted as a function of a vehicle's geographical location. Further, a relationship between brake pedal position and requested braking amount may be adjusted as a function of a vehicle's geographical location.

id-US11548485B2    abstract-This disclosure relates to an electrified vehicle configured to address an excess braking request, such as a braking request in excess of what can be met by an energy recovery mechanism, by selectively increasing the drag of the electrified vehicle. A corresponding method is also disclosed. An example electrified vehicle includes an energy recovery mechanism, an actuator configured to adjust a position of a moveable component influencing a drag of the electrified vehicle, and a controller. The controller is configured to instruct the energy recovery mechanism to meet a braking request and, when the braking request cannot be met by the energy recovery mechanism, the controller is configured to instruct the actuator to adjust the position of the moveable component to increase the drag of the electrified vehicle.

id-WO2021169609A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a torque control method and a device for a vehicle. The torque control method comprises: determining whether a lifting torque request is received during the performance of an energy recovery function; If no lifting torque request is received, determine whether the ABS is in the active state; If so, the first torque gradient is used to reduce the energy and recover the torque. During the reduction of energy recovery torque, determine whether ABS changes from active state to inactive state; If yes, it is judged whether the first driver's demand torque is greater than the first preset value and ABS is in a non-activated state exceeding the first preset time; If yes, the energy recovery torque is restored to the first current driver demand torque by the second torque variation gradient.
id-EP4063172A1    abstract-The present disclosure relates to the field of vehicle technology and provides an energy recovery control method, a system, and a vehicle. The method is applied in a vehicle, and the vehicle comprises a drive motor and a battery electrically connected to the drive motor; a first energy recovery torque curve with respect to the drive motor is pre-configured in the vehicle, and the first energy recovery torque curve is used to indicate a correspondence relationship between vehicle speed and energy recovery torque of the drive motor. The present disclosure performs reduction on a first energy recovery torque curve by means of utilizing a reduction ratio, allowing energy recovery in accordance with a relatively low torque strength when a usable charge power of the battery is unable to satisfy a preset power requirement corresponding to the first energy recovery torque curve, which lessens or even eliminates the phenomenon of torque stepping, thereby increasing comfort when driving.

id-US20230059031A1    abstract-A hybrid-electric powertrain includes an internal combustion engine, a transmission, and an electric machine, where the electric machine is connected to the transmission for transmitting torque. The transmission has a transmission housing, within which there is disposed an output-side gear set assembly, and also a transmission housing cover disposed on an output side of the transmission as seen in an axial direction. The electric machine has a stator, a rotor, a rotor shaft connected to the rotor for conjoint rotation, and an electric machine housing. In addition, the electric machine has a connection housing for connecting the electric machine to the transmission housing. The rotor shaft of the electric machine is disposed parallel to a transmission input shaft of the transmission.

id-US20210237583A1    abstract-An electric vehicle braking system including a braking controller, a front braking system, and a rear braking system. The front braking system includes a front friction brake and a front regenerative braking system. The rear braking system includes a rear regenerative braking system and excludes a friction brake. The braking controller is configured to detect the front regenerative braking has reached a maximum force, detect additional deceleration is required, and, in response to detecting the front regenerative braking has reached the maximum force and detecting additional deceleration is required, apply the front friction brake.

id-WO2021171379A1    abstract-Provide a braking device (50) that can reliably obtain braking force and suppress the deterioration of the storage device (71). The braking device (50) includes two or more motors (12, 13) and a motor (12, 12) that generate the driving force of the vehicle (10). The vehicle (10) is equipped with a storage battery (71) that supplies power to the storage battery (71) and a fuel gauge (69) that detects the remaining capacity of the storage battery (71). When the vehicle 10 has a braking request and the detection value of the residual capacity detection device 69 is greater than the first allowable value, the braking device 50 supplies power to at least one motor to obtain the braking torque of the braking part 53. Prepare.
id-EP3862218A1    abstract-The present disclosure relates to a dual battery system (1) comprising a first battery (B1) and a second battery (B2), for balancing charge level of the first battery and the second battery, the dual battery system being adapted for powering propulsion of an electric vehicle (3) comprising a first electric motor (El) coupled in driving relationship with one or more rear wheels of the electric vehicle and a second electric motor (E2) coupled in driving relationship with one or more front wheels of the electric vehicle. The first battery is adapted to provide electric power for driving the first electric motor and the second battery is adapted to provide electric power for driving the second electric motor. The dual battery system obtains (100) at least one of data or information of a predetermined and/or imminent charging event of the electric vehicle. The dual battery system furthermore obtains (200) at least one of data or information of charge level of the first battery and second battery respectively. Moreover the dual battery system selects (300), when the charge level of the first battery and the second battery are unbalanced, a driving scenario which comprises charging and/or discharging of at least one of the first battery and the second battery, the driving scenario balancing the charge level of the first battery and the second battery prior to arriving at the predetermined and/or imminent charging event.      The disclosure also relates to a dual battery system in accordance with the foregoing, and an electric vehicle comprising such a dual battery system.

id-US20230146313A1    abstract-A battery pack includes a rechargeable battery, a charge FET including a parallel diode connected in series with the battery, and a control circuit configured to control turning on and off of the charge FET. The control circuit includes a discriminating circuit configured to detect a bicycle-mounted state and a charger-connected state, and a memory configured to store a full charge voltage of the battery. The control circuit is configured to, while the discriminating circuit detects the bicycle-mounted state. turn off the charge FET. The control circuit is configured to, while the discriminating circuit detects the charger-connected state, stop charging the battery by switching the charge FET to turn off the charge FET upon detecting that a voltage of the battery charged by a charger becomes higher than the full charge voltage.

id-EP3876413A1    abstract-The invention relates to power supply system (102) for a traction unit (100), the traction unit (100) having a transformer (104) for providing a transformer AC voltage from an electrical grid (107, 160) and a battery (110) for providing a battery DC voltage, the power supply system (102) comprising: a DC link (112) for providing a DC link voltage; a first converter (114) and a second converter (116) for converting at least one of the transformer AC voltage and the battery DC voltage into the DC link voltage, wherein each of the first converter (114) and the second converter (116) comprises at least two half bridges (200, 202) and wherein each of the half bridges (200, 202) is connected in parallel to the DC link (112); a first transformer terminal (122) and a second transformer terminal (126) for connecting each pole (120, 124) of a secondary coil (108) of the transformer (104) to a midpoint (208) of at least one of the half bridges (200, 202); a first battery terminal (130) for connecting a first pole (158) of the battery (110) to a midpoint (208) of at least one of the half bridges (200, 202); a second battery terminal (133) for connecting a second pole (132) of the battery (110) to the DC link (112); a switch (134) switchable between a first closed state and a second closed state, wherein the switch (134) connects a midpoint (208) of one of the half bridges (200, 202) either to one of the first transformer terminal (122) and the second transformer terminal (126) in the first closed state or to the first battery terminal (130) in the second closed state.

id-WO2021180300A1    abstract-A method for controlling an articulated vehicle combination (100, 500, 600) comprising a plurality of self-powered vehicle units (110, 120, 130, 140), wherein each self-powered vehicle unit (110, 120, 130, 140) comprises a propulsion device (230, 270, 720) and a regenerative braking device (230, 270, 710) connected to an energy source (210, 250, 725), the method comprising determining (S1) a current state of charge associated with an energy source of a target vehicle (202) unit comprised in the plurality of self-powered vehicle units (110, 120, 130, 140), and if the current state of charge is below a desired state of charge, generating (S5) a negative torque (M2) by the regenerative braking device (270) of the target vehicle unit (202), and compensating (S6) at least partly for the generated negative torque (M2) by generating a positive torque (M1) by the propulsion device (230) of at least one source vehicle unit (201) comprised in the plurality of self-powered vehicle units (110, 120, 130, 140), thereby transferring an amount of energy from the energy source of the at least one source vehicle unit (201) to the energy source of the target vehicle unit (202).

id-WO2021190457A1    abstract-A method for controlling an all-terrain vehicle comprises: obtaining the speed value of an engine and the SOC value of a power battery; The operation mode of the motor is controlled according to the speed value of the engine and the SOC value of the power battery. The operation mode includes at least one of the drive mode, power generation mode and weak magnetic mode.
id-US20210276426A1    abstract-A method of dynamic speed modulation in extended braking applications in a battery-powered electric vehicle is disclosed. The method includes determining a sensed parameter of the battery, and determining a parameter threshold of the battery. If the sensed parameter of the battery is the same or exceeds the parameter threshold, decreasing the groundspeed of the vehicle to a predetermined safe speed. If the sensed parameter of the battery is below the parameter threshold, determining the change in the parameter which would be caused by the regenerative braking system at the current groundspeed of the vehicle. If the change in the parameter would cause the sensed parameter to remain, reach or exceed the parameter threshold, correspondingly decreasing or increasing the groundspeed of the vehicle to cause the sensed parameter to approximate but not exceed the parameter threshold of the battery. A controller and electric vehicle capable of same, are also disclosed.

id-WO2021187019A1    abstract-Electrode material 104a is formed in conductive plate 101a and electrode material 104b is formed in conductive plate 101b. Electrode material 104 is composed of sintered iron oxide (fe2o3) and contains conductive carbon material and phosphorus. A separator 102 is arranged between electrode material 104a and electrode material 104b. Between electrode material 104a and electrode material 104b, an electrolytic solution 105 containing a saturated water solution such as sodium perchlorate is penetrated. The electrode terminal 106a is mounted on the conductive plate 101a and the electrode terminal 106b is mounted on the conductive plate 101b. The electrode terminal 106 is removed from the container 107.
id-JP2021146929A    abstract-[challenge] improve user awareness and visibility of output indicators and regeneration indicators. Solution: the control device controls the instrument indicating the status of the moving object. The instrument can be used to represent a first object with a continuous line or band shape; a second object representing the current value of an output indicator as an indicator of the amount of output energy; Has a third object to indicate. In a part of the region on the first object, the position on the region forms the output region representing the current value of the output indicator, and in a region different from the output region on the first object, the position on the region represents the current value of the regenerative indicator. Regenerative areas are formed. The display control unit controls the display of the second object based on the amount of output energy indicated by the drive information, and the display of the third object based on the amount of regenerative energy indicated by the drive information. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-EP4088963A1    abstract-Disclosed in embodiments is a tractor power supply system for supplying power to a power system of a tractor. The tractor power supply system is provided above or below a transport trailer connected to the tractor. The tractor power supply system is provided above or below the transport trailer, and the tractor power supply system can be configured with battery modules of different capacities according to use conditions of the tractor by utilizing the characteristic of a large installation space of the transport trailer, thereby ensuring the endurance mileage and the working time of the tractor.

id-US20230143238A1    abstract-The present invention provides a vehicle control device capable of improving fuel consumption while reducing deterioration of emission by appropriately controlling a powertrain system of a vehicle. A vehicle control device includes: a prediction unit configured to predict speeds or accelerations of a vehicle based on a plurality of prediction models; a fuel consumption information calculation unit configured to calculate fuel consumption for each of a plurality of prediction results obtained by the prediction unit; a selection unit configured to select any one of the plurality of prediction results; and a powertrain control unit configured to control at least one of an engine, a generator, an inverter, a drive motor, and a transmission of the vehicle based on the prediction result selected by the selection unit.

id-EP4140841A1    abstract-A Level IV fuel-saving robot system for ACE HDTs of the present disclosure focuses on the minimization of actual fuel consumption (L/100 km) for long-haul freight at first based on an electrical power split device (ePSD) and a mixed hybrid powertrain architecture. A basic model Level I fuel-saving robot realizes a longitudinal L1 automatic driving function through a predictive adaptive cruise (PACC) technology within an Operational Design Domain (ODD) for highways and reduces the actual fuel consumption of an ACE HDT by more than 20% compared with modern diesel HDTs, and the energy-saving and emission-reducing effect of the basic model Level I fuel-saving robot is decoupled from both the technical level of a vehicle engine and the driving level of a driver; an advanced Level IV fuel-saving robot has a L4 automatic driving function within the ODD for highways, operates in a "shadow mode" or "detached mode", automatically generates a discrepancy report or detachment report, completes the "3R" batch validation for an L4 system on a billion mile scale quickly with high cost effectiveness on the premise of ensuring the traffic safety of existing road users and reduces the total validation expense by more than 65% compared with the modern HDT with internal combustion engine equipped with the L4 system, promoting the early commercialization of the Level IV fuel-saving robot.

id-WO2021197441A1    abstract-The energy recovery control method comprises: obtaining the current vehicle speed and the current wheel speed during the energy recovery process of the motor, and determining the wheel slip ratio (S100) according to the current vehicle speed and the current wheel speed; The actual energy recovery torque (S200) of the motor is adjusted according to the wheel slip rate. An energy recovery control system, a vehicle, a computer processing device, a computer program and a computer readable medium are also disclosed. In the process of controlling the motor for energy recovery, the method also considers the wheel slip rate, and can dynamically adjust the actual energy recovery torque of the motor according to the wheel slip rate, which can avoid the situation of wheel lock caused by excessive energy recovery torque, and ensure the braking performance of the vehicle.
id-US20210320492A1    abstract-A system for protecting an inverter in a vehicle from an overvoltage may include an inverter including a plurality of switching elements and converting energy supplied from an energy storage into AC power, a motor driven by the AC power converted by the inverter, a capacitor connected in parallel between the inverter and the energy storage and storing regenerative energy of the motor during regenerative braking, and a controller turning off a relay that connects the energy storage and the motor, when a voltage (DC-link voltage) of the capacitor measured by a voltage sensor is equal to or greater than a preset first voltage, and operating the switching elements in the inverter in response to a pre-stored current command (Id*, Iq*) to apply a zero vector to the motor.

id-WO2021219013A1    abstract-A method for determining vehicle driving range comprises: S201, obtaining the respective driving range of the vehicle depending on the following energies: the current remaining energy of the power battery, the current remaining energy of the fuel cell and the energy recovered when the energy recovery function is activated; S202. The range of the vehicle is determined based on the range obtained. A device for determining vehicle range, a computer processing device, a computer program and a computer readable storage medium are also disclosed. This method can accurately reflect the driving range of the vehicle and facilitate the user's driving arrangement.
id-US11407393B2    abstract-A vehicle driving control method depending on a baby mode, may include, when the baby mode is activated, receiving information on a state of a vehicle seat, correcting a center state of charge (SOC) value of a battery of the vehicle based on the information on the state of the vehicle seat, determining a state of a transmission of the vehicle, and performing regenerative brake and brake pedal stroke (BPS) scale/filtering correction control or an electric vehicle (EV) mode and accelerator position sensor (APS) scale/filtering correction control based on the state of the transmission of the vehicle and the state of the vehicle seat.

id-US20210313793A1    abstract-A system for protecting a vehicle inverter from overvoltage includes a first inverter having switching elements and converting energy from an energy storage device into AC power. A first motor is driven by receiving the converted AC power. A second inverter is connected in parallel with the first inverter, includes a switching elements, and converts energy from the energy storage device into AC power. A second motor is driven by receiving the converted AC power. A first capacitor is connected in parallel between the first inverter and the energy storage device and stores electric energy of the first motor during regenerative braking. A controller turns off a relay connecting the energy storage device and the motor when a voltage of the first capacitor is equal to or greater than a predetermined voltage and operates the switching elements in the inverters in response to first and second current commands.

id-WO2021204489A1    abstract-The invention relates to a method of operation for launching brake pads of a vehicle, which includes at least an electric machine for track resetting of the vehicle, and a thruster for thrust and pull of the vehicle, including the following steps: recording the delayed start of the vehicle; Plot cyclable driving conditions; On this basis draw the thrust pulling shaft with the thrust unit. Activate a Rekuperationsbremsung Reku (M) to let Soll - Gesamtrekuperationsmoments (M), while starting the Rekuperationsbremsung site the 16-fold difference (δμM) is Ist-Schubrekuperationsmoment (M) and Soll-Schubrekuperationsmoment (M thrust) will be enabled.
id-WO2021214725A1    abstract-A system and method for increasing efficiency of a heavy electric vehicle, particularly, a truck at variable speed wherein a computer area network is designed to control all the parameters of the electric vehicle. An electric vehicle to which the present invention is applicable includes at least one battery for storing electric energy, a battery management system to monitor the individual cell temperature in battery while charging or discharging to protect it as a protection layer, at least one motor for generating a driving force from the electric energy of the battery, a motor control unit to control the operation between the battery and the motor, a vehicle control unit that controls all the signals and monitors the state of the components thereon, a transmission control unit that measures the propeller shaft speed and shifts the gear in the gearbox and a battery cooling system for controlling and monitoring the individual cell temperature.

id-JP7201101B2    abstract-

id-WO2021214165A1    abstract-Aspects of the present invention relate to a control system (208) and method for controlling energy management of a traction battery (200) of a hybrid electric vehicle (10), the traction battery (200) configured to power at least one traction motor (212) coupled to an electric-only axle (213) of the vehicle (10) to provide all-wheel drive, the control system (208) comprising one or more electronic controllers (300), the one or more electronic controllers (300) configured to: determine a change of terrain mode and/or type for the vehicle and/or determine an increase in loading of the vehicle (10); select an energy management control strategy for the traction battery (200) of the vehicle (10) in dependence on the determined change in terrain mode and/or type and/or the determined increase in loading of the vehicle (10), wherein the traction battery (200) is configured to supply power to the at least one traction motor (212) to provide torque to the electric-only axle (213) of the vehicle (10) to enable the vehicle (10) to operate in an all-wheel drive mode, wherein selecting an energy management control strategy of the vehicle (10) comprises at least one of: selecting or adjusting a charge sustain set point (30) for the traction battery (200); and changing energy generation to recharge the traction battery (200).

id-JP2021167153A    abstract-[problem] to alleviate users' discomfort in realizing stop maintenance. The vehicle control system according to the invention has a motor generator as the driving source of the wheel, and when the brake liquid pressure at a stop, which is the brake liquid pressure at a stop time, is not above the predetermined stop holding liquid pressure, the brake liquid pressure at a stop time is the brake liquid pressure at a stop time. It is used for the target drive force calculation part to calculate the target drive force of the vehicle and the drive control of motor generators based on the target drive force. A computing unit that calculates the required driving force and the required brake liquid pressure used for brake control; and a preincrease treatment that raises the brake liquid pressure to a level above the stop holding liquid pressure at the timing immediately before the stop timing, which is the timing immediately before the stop timing. It is equipped with a stop control unit. Select diagram: figure 3
id-US20210347265A1    abstract-A regenerative braking control system for a motor-driven vehicle is configured to provide a continuous assistant braking force by continuous reverse torque of an electric motor by enabling surplus electrical energy produced by an electric motor to be easily converted into thermal energy in generative braking, using both of a brake resistor and a heater to convert electrical energy into thermal energy, and being able to obtain an interior heating effect by using thermal energy converted by the brake resistor and the heater as heat source for interior heating without discharging the thermal energy to the outside.

id-US11628763B2    abstract-A vehicle including an electric motor has improved operating performance of a brake lamp using regenerative braking. A method of controlling a brake lamp of the vehicle includes determining a tendency of a driver, calculating a corrected mass based on the determined tendency of the driver, and calculating corrected acceleration based on the corrected mass and regenerative braking torque of the electric motor. An on threshold is corrected based on a difference between a requested torque and the regenerative braking torque at a time at which an accelerator pedal is released, and the brake lamp is turned on based on the corrected on threshold and the corrected acceleration.

id-US20210354807A1    abstract-A ground power system for supplying electrical power to an aircraft and method of using the same is disclosed in which an electric motor is connected to an aircraft wheel to drive the aircraft wheel, an autonomous vehicle battery carrier is releasably connected to the aircraft through an articulating robotic arm to power the electric motor and to move the aircraft on the ground to support aircraft taxiing and preparation for takeoff using the battery power from the autonomous vehicle, and a command system releases the autonomous vehicle battery carrier as roll begins but before the aircraft rotates.

id-WO2021236523A1    abstract-A drive train for installation in a vehicle chassis includes a power source, two motor/generators (M/Gs), an array of batteries, and a control system for configuring the drive train to operate using only the power source, only the batteries or a combination of the power source and batteries. The control system may open or close clutches to configure the drive train with each M/G working as a motor or a generator. A M/G working as a motor may use power from the batteries to supply rotational power to drive the vehicle or operate accessories on the vehicle. A M/G working as a generator coupled to a power source generates electric power for charging the array of batteries. The vehicle, including components and subsystems, may be powered electrically from the batteries or powered from the engine.

id-US20220234682A1    abstract-A duo-flex compact electrical platform for motorcycles which allows to obtain a mechanical power supply system for electric motorcycles with increased energy efficiency allied to an optimized mechanical power and torque delivery. The proposed platform has two electric motors horizontally arranged within a series of arrangements that also allow to obtain a kinematic solution with self-sufficiency that recharges itself through the use of one of the motors without overloading the other one.

id-JP2021184681A    abstract-[challenges] in a vehicle with surplus power consumption control, the unstable behavior that may occur when the direction of travel changes is suppressed. [solution] The first auxiliary machine, which may change its power consumption according to the operation for other purposes even in the surplus power consumption control, and the second auxiliary machine, which may prohibit the operation for other purposes and fix its power consumption in the surplus power consumption control . The control device determines the processing of the power consumption request value of the first auxiliary in the surplus power consumption control, and adds the power consumption of the first auxiliary for other purposes to the power consumption request value of the first auxiliary, thereby reducing the power consumption of the first auxiliary The processing of specifying the actual value of the power, and the processing of determining the request value of the power consumed in the surplus power consumption control of the second auxiliary by subtracting the actual value of the power consumed in the first auxiliary from the total amount of the surplus power consumed in the surplus power consumption control Execution. Select diagram: figure 3
id-WO2021230898A1    abstract-The invention relates to the supplemental generation of energy from operation of a train, and specifically to the generation of energy in connection to the rotation of disc brake rotors in combination with generators. Rotation of the disc brake rotors creates rotational energy that is transmitted to the generators, which then transmits the energy to a series of batteries for storage. The batteries may be stored in the platform for the train and/or within the train car itself. Energy from the batteries may be utilized by removal of the batteries from the train or through a number of outlets, sockets or connectors associated with the train car or platform.

id-US20210394738A1    abstract-A disconnector control device and method for an electric vehicle are provided. The disconnector control device includes a disconnector that switches wheel driving manners and a processor that recognizes a driving condition of the vehicle. The processor also acquires at least one factor related to operation of the disconnector and operates the disconnector based on the acquired at least one factor.

id-US20210370780A1    abstract-A method of controlling an electrified vehicle to prevent a collision thereof includes: determining whether an accelerator pedal is erroneously operated in the situation in which an obstacle is detected to be present in a traveling path; and when it is determined that the accelerator pedal is erroneously operated, performing braking control such that at least one of hydraulic braking or regenerative braking is selectively performed in a plurality of braking sections determined based on a current vehicle speed and a distance to the obstacle.

id-US20210394622A1    abstract-Methods, systems, devices and apparatuses for a vehicle control system. The vehicle control system includes a memory. The memory is configured to store multiple charging events that activate multiple charging plans. The vehicle control system includes a navigation unit that is configured to obtain a current location of the vehicle. The vehicle control system includes an electronic control unit. The electronic control unit is configured to determine that the vehicle is within a threshold distance of the first charging event. The electronic control unit is configured to control an operation of the vehicle to prepare the vehicle to charge or discharge the battery based on a first charging plan when the vehicle is within the threshold distance of a first charging event.

id-WO2021254706A1    abstract-The invention relates to a method of operating with a power vehicle transmission: starting the brake with a friction brake of a power vehicle. Scanning the charger status of the electronic traction battery; Ask the temperature of the electronic traction battery; Determine the sensitivity of the electric attraction battery; Electric relays and relays are stored for power and/or for use by electric users to use electric fuel vehicles. In addition, the invention relates to an apparatus of advanced methods in which the deceleration device comprises a friction brake and a cyclable brake system.
id-EP3932728A1    abstract-A powertrain system for an electric automobile includes a paddle switch and a shifter that are mounted in such locations as to be operable by a driver while driving, and are electrically connected directly or indirectly to an ECU, wherein the ECU includes a memory for storing a program, and a processor for executing the program, and the processor controls, based on a torque control map defining the relationship between an accelerator pedal opening and output torque of a motor in advance, the output torque of the motor according to the accelerator pedal opening, and changes, based on an operation on the paddle switch or the shifter, the torque control map to be used for controlling the output torque of the motor.

id-EP3932729A1    abstract-The present invention is a vehicle driving system including a rotating electric machine, a battery, a steering apparatus, a steering angle sensor, a brake actuator that applies a friction braking force, a friction braking force sensor, and a controller that sets deceleration torque based on a steering speed detected by the steering angle sensor and controls the rotating electric machine such that the deceleration torque is applied to a front wheel of the vehicle, thereby executing vehicle attitude control, characterized in that when the friction braking force is applied to each of wheels by the brake actuator during execution of the vehicle attitude control, if the friction braking force detected by the friction braking force sensor is large, the controller corrects the deceleration torque to a larger value than when the friction braking force is small.

id-US20220388402A1    abstract-An automobile brake control method, a device, and an automobile. The method includes performing a real time monitoring for failure on an automobile brake system in real time; obtaining automobile working condition information when the automobile brake system is in a failure state; generating a failure determination result according to the automobile working condition information in the failure state; generating a reverse-dragging brake instruction corresponding to reverse-dragging brake condition and sending it to a motor controller, enabling the motor controller to perform the reverse-dragging brake according to the reverse-dragging brake instruction when determining the automobile working condition information after the failure of the brake system satisfies the reverse-dragging brake condition corresponding to the failure determination result. The method can control the motor to perform reverse-dragging brake when the brake system fails or the performance is reduced to a certain extent, so as to effectively improve the safety of the automobile.

id-US20220379740A1    abstract-Methods and systems are provided for an electric heavy-duty vehicle. In one example, the vehicle includes a battery pack for supplying current to an electric motor of the vehicle, the battery pack arranged in a chassis of the vehicle and configured to form part of a floor of the vehicle. The vehicle also includes a motor coupled to front wheels of the vehicle, the front wheels having hub assemblies housing drive shaft adapters configured to permanently couple the hub assemblies to drive shafts of the front wheels, and a cradle configured to be mounted with electrical sub-systems of the vehicle.

id-US20220017092A1    abstract-A control device may be configured for responding to failure for ensuring the stability of a vehicle by switching from a two-wheel-drive mode to a four-wheel-drive mode when detecting failure of the brake system in a two-wheel-drive mode.

id-US20220009355A1    abstract-The present disclosure to provides a vehicle capable of efficiently charging electric energy by determining a regenerative braking control improved for a driving situation in which the vehicle is driving, and a control method thereof.The vehicle includes: a power supply including a battery; a motor driven by receiving power from the battery; and a controller configured to determine a vehicle information including a charging state information of the battery, a temperature information of the battery, an input frequency of a braking command, and a driving history data, to determine a road information including a road condition information and a slope information of the road, to charge the battery by determining a regenerative braking level of the motor based on the vehicle information or the road information.

id-WO2022026040A1    abstract-The present disclosures relate to methods and systems for a hybrid powertrain. The hybrid powertrain system includes an integrated axle configured to provide mechanical power to a first pair of wheels, the integrated axle comprising a first motor-generator and a first drive axle such that the first motor-generator and at least a portion of the first drive axle are mechanically coupled to a common housing. The system also includes a second motor-generator configured to be mechanically coupled with an engine via a first clutch and mechanically coupled with a second drive axle via a second clutch, the second drive axle mechanically coupled with a second pair of wheels. A controller is electrically coupled with the first and second motor-generators, the engine, and the first and second clutches, the controller configured to enable a fully electric mode, a series hybrid mode, a parallel hybrid mode, and a regenerative mode of operation.

id-EP4180260A1    abstract-A control device (80) is installable in a mobile body including a motor (31) and a battery (33) and a regenerative drive of the motor and an actuation of a braking device (41, 42, 43, 44) allow a braking force to be applied to the mobile body. The control device includes: an abnormality detector (61) detecting an abnormality in the braking device; and a motor controller (60) controlling the motor. When a regenerative torque generated by the regenerative drive of the motor when the braking device is normal is defined as a normal regenerative torque, the motor controller causes, in response to the abnormality detector detecting the abnormality in the braking device, the motor to be regeneratively driven irrespective of a charged state of the battery until the elapse of a predetermined grace time from a point of time when the abnormality is detected so that an emergency regenerative torque larger than the normal regenerative torque is generated.

id-WO2022024770A1    abstract-The driving control device of the vehicle calculates the torque required for the motor in the first regenerative control mode and the second regenerative control mode according to the accelerator opening and vehicle speed, and according to the torque required for the calculated motor in the first regenerative control mode or the second regenerative control mode. Select the torque required by the above motor suitable for the state mode, and request the motor when the torque required by the selected motor exceeds the preset change rate by switching from the first regeneration control mode to the second regeneration control mode To limit the rate of change in torque.
id-US20220032785A1    abstract-A method for assisting a vehicle to tilt includes: receiving a first torque instruction output by a throttle assembly, and generating a second torque instruction, in which the first torque instruction is determined based on a manipulation degree applied to the throttle assembly, and the second torque instruction is determined based on attitude information of the vehicle; performing a weighted summation on the first torque instruction and the second torque instruction based on a first proportional coefficient of the first torque instruction and a second proportional coefficient of the second torque instruction to obtain a third torque instruction; and outputting the third torque instruction to a motor controller, and controlling a tilt angle of the vehicle by the motor controller based on the third torque instruction, in which the tilt angle of the vehicle is less than or equal to a target angle threshold.

id-WO2022002474A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a drive system (1) for a vehicle (2), particularly for a mining truck (3) or a rail vehicle (4), comprising - an inverter (11) and a motor (12) - a DC link (13) configured to be supplied with a voltage be¬ tween 1500V and 3300V during operation of the drive system (1) - a first DC/DC chopper (21) connecting a battery (31) with the DC link (13). To improve the drive system, it is proposed that the drive system (1) further comprises a second DC/DC chopper (22) connecting an energy storage (32) of a lithium-ion capacitor with the DC link (13), wherein the energy storage (32) of a lithium-ion capacitor comprises a lithium-ion capacitor, particularly a combination of a lithium-ion battery and a capacitor like a double layer capacitor, wherein the drive system (1) is implemented brake-resistor-free. The present invention further relates to a mining truck (3) or a rail vehicle (4) with the proposed drive system (1). Additionally, the invention relates to a method for controlling the proposed drive system (1), the proposed Mining truck (3) or the proposed rail vehicle (4), wherein the maximum power of charging or discharging of the battery (31) is limited to a predetermined value.

id-WO2022014177A1    abstract-In the case of regenerative operation, power on the main machine side is supplied to the auxiliary machine side so that the voltage on the auxiliary machine side becomes the first voltage value determined in advance based on the operating voltage specification of the auxiliary machine side, and the auxiliary machine side generator is stopped and the power supply to the auxiliary machine side is stopped. When the regeneration operation is over, the power supply from the main unit to the auxiliary unit is stopped, the auxiliary generator is started, the auxiliary generator is controlled so that the auxiliary voltage is the primary voltage, and the power from the storage unit is transferred to the auxiliary unit. The auxiliary device is supplied and controlled so that the voltage on the auxiliary device side is a second voltage value higher than the first voltage value. As a result, it is possible to suppress the change in the supply voltage to the auxiliary machine when switching the regenerative operation of the traveling motor.
id-WO2022027984A1    abstract-The utility model relates to a feedback current control device and a high-altitude working vehicle. The feedback current control device comprises: a feedback current capture module (40), which is on a current capture circuit and is used for capturing feedback current; The first switching module (50) is used to turn on or off the current capture circuit; And a control module (60) comprising a first receiving unit (62) for receiving a first voltage at one end of a driver (20) on a power supply circuit and a second voltage at one end of a battery (30) and the temperature of a battery (30); The first control unit (64) is used to perform the following operations based on the difference between the first voltage and the second voltage and the temperature of the battery (30) : When the difference between the first voltage and the second voltage is greater than the preset voltage and the temperature of the battery (30) is less than or equal to the preset temperature, the current capture circuit is guided by controlling the first switching module (50) so that the feedback current is captured by the feedback current capture module (40).
id-WO2022028040A1    abstract-The utility model relates to an urban rail transit train regenerative braking energy feedback device, which comprises a plurality of energy storage modules (2), an energy storage cabinet body (1), a plurality of balancing plates (3), a contactor (6), a ventilation and cooling system (9), a human-computer interaction interface (11), a control and management system (4), a fuse (7) and a remote monitoring terminal (14). Multiple equalization boards (3) are used to collect temperature data and voltage data of each energy storage module (2); A plurality of equalizing plates (3) are also used to equalize the voltage of a monomer in each energy storage module (2); The control management system (4) is also used to control the on-off of the contactor (6) according to the voltage data collected by each equalization board (3); The voltage status of the monomer, the energy storage module (2) and the feedback device in the regenerative braking energy feedback device of the urban rail transit train can be monitored in real time or remotely. The disconnection of a single unit in the regenerative braking energy feedback device of urban rail transit train does not affect the operation of the whole feedback device.
id-US20220065333A1    abstract-A two-speed drive unit of an electric vehicle includes a planetary gear set transmission having multiple elements including a first element, a second element and a third element. A motor generator unit supplies a motive force to the planetary gear set transmission. A first stage gear transfers the motive force to the planetary gear set transmission from the motor generator unit. A second stage gear is connected through the second element to a final drive. A first torque transmitting device defining a selectable one-way clutch (SOWC) is connected to the third element.

id-US20220063416A1    abstract-A regenerative braking system of an automobile is disclosed. The system also includes an alternator, a plurality of supercapacitors and a power converter subsystem. The system also includes an automobile status sensing subsystem, which identifies a real time motion status of the automobile via one of an accelerometer and a pulse signal measurement. The power converter subsystem is operatively coupled to electrical system and the plurality of supercapacitors. The power converter subsystem transfers generated energy from the alternator and store the generated energy in the plurality of supercapacitors in an event of the braking of the automobile. The stored energy, which is stored in the supercapacitors, is slowly returned to the electrical systems of the automobile during idling, accelerating or running conditions.

id-US20220063413A1    abstract-The driving range of an electrically powered motor vehicle can be extended by employing a plurality of different types of regenerative power devices on the vehicle for producing electricity and collecting the power generated by each in an efficient module having both DC to DC step up and DC to DC step down converters that output the collected power at a predetermined voltage for selectively providing power to the vehicle's storage battery system or directly to a vehicle accessory.

id-US20220063417A1    abstract-A braking control method of an electrified vehicle provided with an electric motor as a driving source may include the steps of starting regenerative braking when a required braking amount is obtained; determining a minimum transition time which is a minimum time required for braking transition from the regenerative braking to hydraulic braking according to a maximum response slope of a hydraulic braking device of the vehicle; determining braking deceleration according to the required braking amount and a road surface condition; determining a start vehicle speed of the braking transition according to the minimum transition time, the braking deceleration, and an end vehicle speed of the braking transition; and starting the braking transition upon determining that the start vehicle speed of the braking transition is reached during the regenerative braking.

id-JP2022035504A    abstract-[challenges] to properly control the charge and discharge of the battery based on the planned running path of the vehicle. The system of the vehicle 10 having the first motor generator MG1, which is connected with the battery BAT and the driving wheel DW to supply the power of the battery BAT and drive it, and can supply the regenerated power to the battery BAT. In the case that the regeneration section of the first motor generator is included in the running schedule path of the vehicle 10, the discharge control unit 21 of your device 20 can control the discharge to increase the discharge amount of battery BAT according to the case that the regeneration section is not included in the running schedule path. Do it. When the discharge control is executed, the discharge control department 21 determines the target discharge power amount that should be discharged before the vehicle 10 reaches the starting point of the regeneration interval according to the regenerative prediction power amount of the regeneration interval, and the target discharge power amount and the target discharge power until the starting point of the regeneration interval Based on parameters that vary according to distance, discharge control is performed. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2022030007A1    abstract-The control method of vehicle 1 is based on the power consumed by the motor ring, namely the power consumed by the power cp_m, and the power consumed by the motor ring, namely the power consumed by the power CP determined according to the friction of internal combustion engine 2, namely the power consumed by the friction part cp_a, and the power consumed by the internal combustion engine 2 Including the inertia power cp_i, which is the power spent in the inertia torque used to change the rotation speed NE.
id-WO2022037380A1    abstract-The invention discloses an optimized energy distribution method, system and electric vehicle for electric vehicle, which comprises step 1) detecting the remaining power of the first supercapacitor and the second supercapacitor, and judging whether the remaining power of the first supercapacitor and the second supercapacitor is greater than the preset threshold value, if so, enter step 2); Step 2) Obtain the topographic map of the road ahead through the electronic horizon system to predict whether there is a continuous slope ahead. If so, go to step 3); Step 3) Predict the braking force distribution ratio in front braking according to the continuous slope value in front, and allocate the power output of the current first supercapacitor and second supercapacitor in advance according to this braking distribution ratio, and return to Step 1). The invention expands the total capacity of the supercapacitor and improves the braking or coasting energy recovered.
id-JP2022037923A    abstract-[challenges] the vehicle does not have a resistor grid, and the motor braking system limits the power generation of the traction motor to a level that can be consumed by one or more auxiliary electrical devices on the vehicle during the motor braking operation. Provides a vehicle braking system. The vehicle braking system 100 includes one or more traction motors 114 and an electrical device 117 configured to be electrically coupled to one or more traction motors. One or more traction motors are configured to propel the vehicle and to generate power during the retreat of the vehicle down the gradient. The electrical device is configured to consume power from the vehicle retreat by performing work on electricity during the vehicle retreat. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2022037892A1    abstract-There will also be an electric machine that will describe the home device as the vehicle in Rekuperationsvorgang, which includes the first person of the vehicle electronic machine, the first axis with the vehicle of the vehicle also in the second electronic machine (including the establishment of the second axis vehicle koppelbar). The device is set up to use sensor data to determine from one or more sensors in the vehicle whether a second motor in addition to the first motor should be used for the regeneration of electrical energy. The device is also designed on the basis that the second motor is used to store electrical energy during the reaction process.
id-US11505195B2    abstract-A vehicle includes a powertrain having an electric machine configured to power driven wheels, an accelerator pedal, and a brake pedal. A controller is programmed to, in response to driver-demanded torque corresponding to a position of the accelerator pedal, selectively brake the vehicle via operation of the electric machine, in further response to a speed of the vehicle being greater than a threshold, limit a rate of change of the driver-demanded torque commanded to the powertrain based on a first rate limit, and, in further response to the speed being less than another threshold, limit a rate of change of the driver-demanded torque commanded to the powertrain based on a second rate limit that is higher than the first rate limit such that, for a given driver-demanded torque, acceleration and deceleration of the vehicle is more responsive than when the first rate limit is applied.

id-US20220105925A1    abstract-Method and systems for one-pedal driving (OPD) control for a vehicle. The methods and systems determine that regenerative braking is to be applied based on accelerator pedal stroke data, predict an upcoming deceleration event based on sensor data from a sensor system of the vehicle, thereby providing deceleration prediction data, adjust a default braking profile based on the deceleration prediction data, generate a regenerative braking command based on the accelerator pedal stroke data and the adjusted braking profile, and output the regenerative braking command to a motor/generator of the vehicle.

id-US20220080837A1    abstract-A vehicle includes driven wheels, an actuator operably coupled to the driven wheels by a drivetrain, and a braking system having friction brakes associated with the driven wheels. A controller is programmed to, in response to the vehicle being in a drift mode, decouple the driven wheels from the actuator, engage the friction brakes to lockup the driven wheels, and place the actuator in speed control and command a torque to the actuator based on a difference between a measured speed of the actuator and a target speed of the actuator.

id-US20220072962A1    abstract-According to the method and system of the present invention, a power management system regulates the power provided to various individual on-board vehicle systems in response to detection of vehicle operating conditions and overall anticipated vehicle energy requirements for completion of a planned route, with the objective of conserving as much energy as necessary for the vehicle to reach its planned destination.

id-US20220082163A1    abstract-A downsized differential assembly having a simple structure, which can be mounted easily on automobiles. The differential assembly comprises a set of first to third gears arranged coaxially while being allowed to rotate relatively to one another. A first eccentric gear meshes with the first gear, a second eccentric gear meshes with the second gear, and a third eccentric gear meshes with the third gear, while being supported by an eccentric member in such a manner as to rotate around an eccentric axis which is offset from a rotational axis. Gear ratios between the first to third gears and the first to third eccentric gears are set to different values so that rotational speeds of the first gear and the second gear are reduced slower than that of the eccentric member.

id-US11433755B2    abstract-A drive device includes a fluid coupling and a rotary electrical machine. The fluid coupling is configured such that a torque is inputted thereto from a first side in an axial direction and is outputted therefrom to a second side in the axial direction. The rotary electrical machine includes a first stator and a rotor. The first stator is disposed in a non-rotatable manner. The rotor is disposed to be rotated about a rotational axis of the fluid coupling. The rotary electrical machine is disposed on the second side with respect to the fluid coupling in the axial direction. The rotary electrical machine overlaps the fluid coupling in an axial view.

id-US20230219461A1    abstract-An apparatus and method for electrochemical energy storage for high-power and high-energy autonomous applications, including autonomous electric vehicles having remote active drive cycle monitoring and/or governance and thermal management control, are described. For autonomous vehicles, the apparatus includes: at least one high-power, low-energy density tertiary storage battery having low cost, and designed to wear and be replaceable; at least one high energy density core battery; at least one intermediate power and energy density secondary battery for buffering the load on the core battery; and a battery controller. The autonomous vehicle energy requirement and consumption rate are provided in such a manner that performance degradation over the life of the system is reduced.

id-EP3974235A1    abstract-A method of controlling a tone of an electric vehicle (EV) includes calculating order components from vibration signals of a rotating motor of the EV, extracting an N th  order component having a determination coefficient R 2  which represents linearity with respect to an output torque of the motor and is greater than or equal to a predetermined value, converting an RPM of the motor into a frequency and calculating an order frequency, arranging the order components by applying a vibration level of the N th  order component to a level of the order frequency to be output and setting an EV mode tone, and in a deceleration of the EV, determining a deceleration condition and applying the vibration level of the N th  order component to level control of the order frequency.

id-US20220097545A1    abstract-An electric generator motor system for powering a vehicle and generating power includes a plurality of batteries and an electric converter in operational communication with the plurality of batteries. An electric drive motor is in operational communication with the electric converter. The electric drive motor propels a vehicle. A compressor is in operational communication with the electric converter. A plurality of air tanks is in operational communication with the compressor. An air motor is in operational communication with the plurality of air tanks. An alternator is in operational communication with the air motor and is in operational communication with the plurality of batteries to charge each battery.

id-US20220097531A1    abstract-A vehicle is described that includes a multi-mode powertrain system having a first drive unit and a second drive unit. A controller is arranged to monitor the high-voltage DC power bus and is in communication with and operatively connected to first and second inverters. The controller is able to detect operation of one of the first inverter or the second inverter in an uncontrolled generating (UCG) mode, determine a driveline torque associated with the operating of the one of the first inverter or the second inverter in the UCG mode, and determine a compensating torque that is needed to counteract the driveline torque associated with the operating of the one of the first inverter or the second inverter in the UCG mode. The controller can further operate to detect a fault that may induce unintended lateral motion (ULM), and control torque outputs of the inverters based thereon.

id-WO2022056421A1    abstract-A powertrain system for a vehicle is described. The powertrain system includes a first energy storage unit, a second energy storage unit, and an electronic control unit coupled to the first energy storage unit and the second energy storage unit. The first energy storage unit is configured to provide power to drive a first set of wheels of the vehicle. The second energy storage unit is configured to provide power to drive a second set of wheels of the vehicle different from the first set of wheels. The first and second energy storage units have different energy storage and/or energy discharge characteristics. The electronic control unit is programmed to control a charge and/or a discharge operation of the first energy storage unit and the second energy storage unit. The powertrain system is capable of implementing control strategies for optimizing energy and power to meet various driving demands of the vehicle.

id-US20220089050A1    abstract-A charging control apparatus includes a battery, an electric charge mover, and a processor. The battery includes multiple cells. The electric charge mover is configured to move electric charge between the multiple cells. The processor is configured to, upon charging the battery, cause the electric charge mover to move the electric charge of one or more cells serving as a part of the multiple cells to another one or more cells of the multiple cells, and perform a partial charging that charges the one or more cells serving as the part of the multiple cells after causing the electric charge mover to move the electric charge.

id-US20220097666A1    abstract-Wheel brakes of one vehicle axle of a dual-circuit hydraulic-power vehicle brake system for an electric or hybrid vehicle are connected to one brake circuit. Brake pressure is applied by a power brake-pressure generator to the two brake circuits with a time offset. It is thereby possible to compensate for a deceleration effect of an electric motor of the vehicle, which is operated as a generator during a braking.

id-WO2022056771A1    abstract-The utility model relates to a sliding energy recovery method, a device, an electronic device and a storage medium. When the vehicle is in the taxi state, the surrounding environment information and the current speed of the vehicle are obtained; The surrounding environment information includes at least one of the traffic light information, obstacle information and road information (S201); The first acceleration (S203) corresponding to the current speed is determined from the obtained correspondence between speed and acceleration. The second acceleration set is determined from traffic light information and/or obstacle information and/or road information, as well as the current speed; In the second acceleration set, both the second acceleration and the first acceleration are less than or equal to zero (S205). Determine the target acceleration (S207) from the first and second acceleration sets; The motor recovery torque value (S209) was determined based on the target acceleration. The motor generation is controlled according to the recovered torque value of the motor and the electrical energy generated by the motor is stored in the battery of the vehicle (S211). In this way, energy efficiency can be improved; At the same time, it can improve the level of vehicle intelligence and reduce driving fatigue.
id-WO2022048271A1    abstract-The invention relates to a control method, device, equipment and vehicle for recovering torque. The method includes: calculating the road adhesion coefficient when the vehicle is in the taxi condition; The target slip ratio is determined according to the pavement adhesion coefficient; Obtain the shaft speed of the driven wheel and the shaft speed of the driving wheel of the vehicle; The target shaft speed is calculated according to the shaft speed of the driven wheel and the target slip rate; The recovery torque is determined according to the target shaft speed and the shaft speed of the driving wheel, and the recovery torque is loaded on the shaft of the driving wheel, so that the shaft speed of the driving wheel becomes the target shaft speed.
id-WO2022049942A1    abstract-[problem] an information processing device, an information processing method, and an information processing system that controls the amount of power to be charged to a storage battery in a mobile device are provided. The information processing device of the present invention is an electric power that charges the storage battery based on the environmental information of the movement path of the storage battery after the charging starts using the power stored in the storage battery or obtained after the charging start indication It is equipped with a control unit to control the ability.
id-US20220073061A1    abstract-When a collision occurs, a driving force of a drive shaft is transmitted to a reversing high-load multiple disk clutch via an inertia absorbing gear mechanism. Then, the driving force is transmitted to a gear via a gear, and inertia is absorbed and the driving force acts to rotate an output shaft at a low speed. On the other hand, when the gear rotates, a regenerative/backing up motor also rotates, and so-called regenerative driving is also performed. Due to these operations, the output shaft rapidly decreases in rotation speed, and goes into a rotation stopping state from a forward rotating state. Then, when a vehicle speed sensor detects that the vehicle speed has reached “0,” the regenerative/backing up motor is driven, the output shaft is driven to rotate reversely for several seconds, and thereafter, driving of the regenerative/backing up motor is stopped.

id-WO2022067425A1    abstract-Vehicles and power banks use electric energy source management systems to manage sets of electric energy source (EES) devices. Examples of EES devices include battery cells, fuel cells, solar cells, and electric generators. An EES management system includes EES nodes and a command node that are connected together with fiber optic cables in a daisy chain communication ring topology to provide seamless and redundant communication. The command node duplicates a message and transmits a first instance of the message in one direction and simultaneously transmits a second instance of the same message in the other direction. Under nominal redundancy operation, a recipient EES node receives the first instance and the second instance of the message within an expected time from each other. In the event of breakage or failure in the network, the recipient EES node still receives the message with no data delay and with no data loss.

id-EP4064420A1    abstract-A lithium battery system and an overhead working truck. The lithium battery system comprises a battery (30) and a feedback current control apparatus (10). The feedback current control apparatus (10) comprises a first current capture device (40) that comprises: a first feedback current capture module (42) used for capturing feedback current; a first switch module (5, 6, 50) used for conducting or unidirectionally cutting off a main circuit; and a control module used for receiving a first voltage of one end of a driver (20) on the main circuit, a second voltage of one end of the battery (30), and the temperature of the battery (30), and when a difference value between the first voltage and the second voltage is greater than a preset voltage and the temperature of the battery (30) is less than or equal to a preset temperature, controlling the first switch module (5, 6, 50) to unidirectionally cut off the main circuit, so as to capture the feedback current by the first feedback current capture module (42) on a first current capture circuit. The technical solution can greatly reduce the probability of lithium precipitation of the battery (30) and the risk of thermal runaway of the battery (30).

id-JP2022048892A    abstract-[challenges] a control device for a power converter that can properly control the implementation of short-circuit control is provided. Control circuit 50a and 50b are connected to the rotating electric motor and the switch SWH of the upper and lower arm. A control device for a power converter applied to a system comprising multiple power converters with SWL is provided separately for each power converter. Each control circuit 50a and 50b connect the lower arm switch SWL to the communication object of the control circuit other than itself, and generate the short circuit control signal Sg2 of the microcomputer 51a, which connects the upper arm switch SWH to the communication object. The sending unit 53a and 53b sending control signal Sg2; the receiving unit 54a and 54b receiving control signal Sg2; Short circuit control is carried out when the control signal Sg2 for the implementation of short circuit control is received through 54b; short circuit control is carried out when the control signal Sg2 for the implementation of short circuit control is not received; "70b". Select diagram: figure 3
id-JP2022056583A    abstract-[challenges] a vehicle control device, a vehicle control method, and a vehicle control system that can suppress pitching fluctuation when a vehicle stops are provided. [solution] The vehicle control device, vehicle control method and vehicle control system according to the embodiment of the present invention obtain the physical quantities related to the speed of the vehicle and the physical quantities related to the required power control required to slow the vehicle, and determine the physical quantities related to the required power control according to the physical quantities related to the required power control When the vehicle slows down, the driving force is generated by the driving device while friction braking force is generated. Select diagram in figure 16.
id-WO2022092647A1    abstract-The driving cognition-based regenerative braking control method of xEV vehicle according to the implementation example of the present invention relates to the driving cognition-based regenerative braking control method of xEV vehicle, which optimally controls the amount of regenerative braking by utilizing the forward vehicle detection and driving position information.
id-US20220118859A1    abstract-A work vehicle is configured to perform an activity in a work area. The work vehicle includes a chassis, a plurality of ground engaging members coupled to the chassis for movement of the chassis in the work area, a generator configured to generate energy from performance of the activity of the work vehicle in the work area, an energy storage device connected to the generator to store energy generated by the generator and configured to be charged to an initial charge, and a controller configured to establish an initial charge setting corresponding to the initial charge of the energy storage device based on at least one anticipated activity input of the work vehicle.

id-US20220126934A1    abstract-A propulsion arrangement for a self-powered dolly vehicle unit, the propulsion arrangement comprising a first electric machine, a second electric machine, a gearbox, and an open differential for driving first and second wheels of a driven axle, wherein the first and second electric machines are arranged in parallel and connected to the open differential via the gearbox at respective gear ratios.

id-JP7165710B2    abstract-

id-WO2022084065A1    abstract-The invention relates to the Schalteinrichtung(for example) and the Schaltverfahren Fahrzeuganhanger (2), using a Straßenzugfahrzeug Gespannbetrieb(3) trained Fahrzeuganhanger (2), which spelled auflaufbetatigbare Bremseinrichtung (1) Radbremsen(32) and one man Bremsfunktion Fahrzeuganhanger (2) in Gespannbetrieb. The power transmission device (4) consists of a trailer (2) and is self-active to the brake box (2) of the brake box during the operation of the carrying device (1). On this basis, the predecessor of the power plant (4) is the automatic rotating device (2). The car has a water inlet brake (11)(3), a control device (4), a control lever (5), and a detector (6). The introduction of new technologies introduced brake technology (11), train power transmission brakes (3), vehicle power lever brake brake detectors (9), and control circuits (7) to limit the braking function.
id-US20220169252A1    abstract-The present disclosure relates to controlling transfer of electrical energy in a coupling between a first vehicle and a second vehicle of a vehicle combination, each of the first and second vehicles having an electric machine and an energy storage system, wherein at least the electric machine of the second vehicle is operable in a traction mode and a generator mode for generating electrical energy during a regenerative braking event of the second vehicle, the method comprising determining an amount of possible excessive energy from the braking event of the second vehicle, determining a total energy level of the second vehicle, determining a total energy level of the first vehicle, comparing the determined amount of possible excessive energy with the determined total energy levels of the first vehicle and second vehicle, and controlling direction of the transfer of electrical energy between the first and second vehicle based on the comparison.

id-US20220161664A1    abstract-A motor vehicle has a motor, an inverter, a first power storage device, with a large-capacity characteristic, a second power storage device, with a high-power characteristic, a power converter and a circuit. The power converter has a voltage step down function during power driving. In the circuit, the power converter is connected to the first power storage device and the second power storage device. Thus, the first power storage device and the second power storage device are parallel to each other. During the power driving of the motor, the power converter steps down an output voltage of the first power storage device to supply energy from the first power storage device and the second power storage device to the inverter.

id-EP4155112A1    abstract-A method and an apparatus for obtaining a coasting torque, a storage medium, and a computer program , this method includes: obtaining operating parameters of an electric vehicle when a fuel cell system of the electric vehicle is out of operation and the electric vehicle enters a coasting state; determining a theoretical recovery torque and a correction torque of the electric vehicle according to the operating parameters, where the correction torque includes an additional torque of the fuel cell system; and correcting the theoretical recovery torque according to the correction torque to obtain the coasting torque of the electric vehicle. The coasting torque is used for energy recovery of the electric vehicle during a coasting process.

id-EP4159522A1    abstract-A method and an apparatus for torque control on a slippery road surface and a terminal device are provided. The method includes: presetting a torque-lower-limit-value, a first numerical value is a torque value recycled by the vehicle which is moving on the slippery road surface and performs an energy recovery normally during a coasting process, the second numerical value is a torque value that prevents a vehicle wheel from being locked on the slippery road surface, the second numerical value is greater than the first numerical value, and the torque-lower-limit-value is set to the first numerical value by default; setting, when an anti-lock braking system of the vehicle is activated, the torque-lower-limit-value as the second numerical value to reduce an absolute value of a reverse torque exerted on the vehicle wheel due to the energy recovery, and the vehicle wheel enters an anti-lock state; maintaining the anti-lock state of the vehicle wheel for a preset first time period; comparing the currently requested torque value with a preset third numerical value after the first time period is passed; and resetting the torque-lower-limit-value to the first numerical value to enable the vehicle wheel to exit the anti-lock state, if the currently requested torque value is greater than the third numerical value. By applying the method, it can be guaranteed that the vehicle moves on the slippery road surface smoothly, a driving experience is improved, and the safety of the vehicle is guaranteed accordingly.

id-US20220161685A1    abstract-A motor vehicle has a motor performing power driving and regeneration. The motor includes an inverter, a first power storage device suppling energy to the motor, a power converter and a circuit. The converter has a voltage step down function during the power driving and a voltage step up function during the regeneration. The power converter, with the voltage step down function during the power driving, is connected in the circuit to the first power storage device. During the power driving of the motor, the power converter steps down an output voltage of the first power storage device to supply the energy from the first power storage device to the inverter. During the regeneration in the motor, the power converter steps up a DC voltage of the inverter to recover regenerated energy into the first power storage device.

id-EP3995344A1    abstract-A system and method for operating a transport refrigeration system (200) including: a trailer system (100) including a vehicle (102) connected to a transport container (106); an electric generation device (340) operably connected to a wheel axle (365) of the trailer system (100), the electric generation device (340) configured to rotate at an operating frequency, and to generate electrical power from the rotational energy of the wheel axle (365) for charging an energy storage device (334) when the electric generation device (340) is activated; an energy management system (330) for providing power to the transportation refrigeration unit (22) of the trailer system (100), the energy management system (330) including an energy controller (336) in communication with at least one of the electric generation device (340) and the energy storage device (334), wherein the energy controller (336) is configured to modify the operation of the electric generation device (340) when the operating frequency of the electric generation device (340) is equal to or less than an energy controller (336) operating limit.

id-WO2022113503A1    abstract-A vehicle control device having an electric mechanism having a motor and a reducer having a built-in gear in contact with the oil medium, which transmits power between the motor and the wheels of the vehicle, and which responds to the current temperature of the oil medium when the vehicle is braking. Vehicle control device to correct the regenerative torque command value of the motor.
id-US20220163038A1    abstract-Disclosed is a unique Triple bullet (shaped) magnet in wing gate design with a specific array with an electromotor assembly, which is made up of up to 4 rotating triple bullet magnet arms spaced equally apart, at 90 degrees for the 4 arm triple bullet magnet, in rotary motion, maintaining motion within the 5 spatially fixed wing gates regarding their orientation in the circle, but laterally mobile.      The electromotor assembly includes receiving power from the specific solar panel array, stored and utilized power maintained and transferred into and out of the supercapacitor bank, and utilizes a one-way gate to guide electrical power from the solar type power array to the supercapacitor bank. The supercapacitors also utilize energy production from the rotary engine component through an electromagnetic generator and other corresponding energy conservation. These provide power to the electronics in the system or machine, as well as drive fans or otherwise.

id-WO2022109581A1    abstract-An electric vehicle powertrain is disclosed. The powertrain includes an electric motor electrically coupled to an energy storage system That includes a motor control unit to determine a phase of the electric motor and a plurality of cells to determine a discrete power output based, at least in part, on the determined phase of the electric motor; and generate the determined discrete power output. The energy storage system includes a power bank management unit to determine an overall power output based, at least in part, on the determined phase of the electric motor; determine a subset of the plurality of cells based, at least in part, on the overall power output; and command each cell of the subset of the plurality of cells to generate the discrete power output, the subset of the plurality of cells to collectively generate an output equal to the overall power output.

id-EP4005855A1    abstract-It is provided an electric vehicle (10) battery charging system (1), capable of being interconnected with external direct current power supply infrastructures (11), in which the infrastructure (11) is tram and/or trolleybus and comprises at least a first high potential power supply channel (11a) and a second low potential power channel (11b) so as to determine a power supply voltage, in which the system (1) comprises at least one recharging device (2) configured to be connected to an external electrical network, in such a way as to be able at least to withdraw electrical energy from the external electrical network, and to be connected to at least one first battery (EVB<sub>1</sub>) of an electric vehicle to deliver or receive electricity to or from the first respectively battery (EVB<sub>1</sub>), and in which the external electrical network is constituted by the infrastructure (11) and the recharging device (2) is configured to be operationally connected to the first channel (11a) and to said second channel (11b) so as to receive or transfer electricity from or to the infrastructure (11) with the power supply voltage and to modulate the power supply voltage in or out of the recharging device (2).

id-WO2022111050A1    abstract-This application relates to the field of vehicle control technology and provides a guiding method and device for energy recovery intensity of vehicles. The method includes: detecting the information of the road conditions ahead of the vehicle and the speed of the vehicle; Based on the information on the road conditions ahead and/or the speed of the vehicle, determine whether it is necessary to calculate the optimal deceleration; When determining the need to calculate the optimal deceleration, determine the sliding duration of the vehicle and the energy consumption of the vehicle under each deceleration condition, at least based on the information on the road conditions ahead and/or the vehicle speed; The optimal deceleration speed is determined at least according to the sliding duration of the vehicle and the energy consumption of the vehicle under each deceleration condition; Based on the optimal deceleration, according to the road condition information ahead and/or the vehicle speed, the vehicle starts to slide position is determined to guide the driver of the vehicle to slide the vehicle. This application can optimally balance energy recovery and deceleration.
id-WO2022111795A1    abstract-There is provided an energy storage pressure vessel (100) for a hydrogen vehicle (200). The energy storage pressure vessel (100) comprises a pressure vessel (110) for containing hydrogen gas (140) for fuel cells (220) of the hydrogen vehicle (200). The pressure vessel (110) is radially surrounded by a membrane (130). The energy storage pressure vessel (100) comprises an energy storage system (120a, 120b). The energy storage system (120a, 120b) is provided in the membrane (130). There is also provided a hydrogen vehicle (200) comprising such an energy storage pressure vessel (100).

id-JP2022079226A    abstract-[challenges] to provide a braking device for vehicles that can suppress the impact on vehicle behavior in the event of an abnormality of the electric brake. The vehicle braking device 301 has more than two rows of left and right pairs of wheels 91, 92, 93, 94 in the front and rear directions of the vehicle, and has multiple electric brakes 61, 62, 63, 64 and more than one steering actuator 712. "Car 901". The pivot actuator 712 is capable of turning at least one row of left and right pairs of wheels 91 and 92 without steering the wheel. The braking control unit 40 can control the braking force of each wheel, including the braking force of the electric brake, and the operation of the steering actuator 712. When the abnormality detector 50 detects an abnormality of any electric brake, the braking control department 40 will at least suppress the influence of the abnormality on the vehicle behavior, which is different from the normal control (" abnormality "), including the control of the steering actuator. "Controlling time". Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2022117176A1    abstract-A braking arrangement for decelerating a heavy duty vehicle, the arrangement comprising a control unit, at least one electric machine arranged for regenerative braking, an electrical energy absorption device, an eddy current braking device, and a power distribution network arranged to connect the electric machine to the energy absorption device and to the eddy current braking device, wherein the control unit is configured to distribute regenerated electrical power from the electric machine between the energy absorption device and the eddy current braking device by the power distribution network in dependence of a target deceleration value of the heavy duty vehicle.

