id-EP2383139B1    abstract-

id-US20100174484A1    abstract-A system for optimizing a trip for a hybrid vehicle, comprising a computer programmed to determine a route for the hybrid vehicle to travel, obtain altitude and terrain information of the route, and generate a trip plan based on at least the route and altitude to minimize total energy expended along the route by encouraging regenerative braking during portions of the route, regardless of needs to slow the hybrid vehicle.

id-US9102314B2    abstract-The invention relates to an onboard network ( 1 ) for a vehicle ( 32 ), in particular a motor vehicle. The onboard network ( 1 ) comprises an electric machine ( 10 ) designed for operating in generator mode. The onboard network ( 1 ) further comprises a voltage transformer ( 12 ) that is at least indirectly connected to the electric machine ( 10 ) on the input side and a first energy accumulator ( 14 ) connected to the voltage transformer ( 12 ) on the output side, in particular an accumulator. The electric machine ( 10 ) is designed for the recuperation operation. The voltage transformer ( 12 ) is designed to detect or limit a charge state of the first energy accumulator ( 14 ) and to regulate the charge state of the first energy accumulator ( 14 ) such that the first energy accumulator ( 14 ) has a reserve capacity ( 15 ) during generator operation, preferably when driving the vehicle in an energy-consuming manner. The voltage transformer ( 12 ) is further designed to charge the reserve capacity ( 15 ) of the first energy accumulator ( 14 ) depending on a recuperation signal ( 23 ) received on the input side and representing a recuperation operation of the vehicle ( 32 ).

id-JP2010162924A    abstract-[issue] to provide a power transmission device for hybrid vehicles equipped with an internal combustion engine and an electric motor, which can transmit the driving force of those engines efficiently, and which can be configured compactly and can reduce manufacturing costs. . Solution: the input side transmission shaft 12 for the power input of internal combustion engine 2 is freely connected to the input side transmission shaft 12 through the first clutch 9, and the first input shaft 4 is freely connected to the input side transmission shaft 12 through the second clutch 10, and the input side transmission shaft 12 is freely connected to the second clutch 10. The second input axis 5 as described, the sub-axis 6 having the idle gear 21 for transmitting the rotation of the second input axis 5, the intermediate transmission axis 7 connected to the sub-axis 6 through the idle gear 21, and the output axis 8 arranged parallel to the first input axis 4 and the intermediate transmission axis 7. The first gear row is arranged on the 1 input shaft 4, the second gear row is arranged on the intermediate transmission shaft 7, and the third gear row is arranged on the output shaft 8 to transmit the rotation from the first gear row and the second gear row, and the power of the electric motor 3 is input to the auxiliary shaft 6. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-JP2010166768A    abstract-[challenges] we provide a control device, a control system, and a control method that can reliably charge a vehicle's energy storage device from a commercial power source without the breaker being activated. The solution is a control device that USES the power supplied from the power supply device 410 outside the vehicle through the charging cable 300 to charge the power storage device 151 installed on the vehicle, and the operating characteristics of the breaker 430 integrated into the power supply device 410. The storage unit that stores the data, the charging processing that controls the charging current so that the charging state of the storage device 151 becomes the target charging state, the operating characteristics data stored in the storage unit are input from the power supply device 410 and provided through the breaker 430. According to the total current value, when the operation of breaker 430 is predicted by breaker breaker prediction processing and breaker breaker prediction processing, charging current adjustment processing is used to adjust the charging current variable through charging processing. With a control unit that performs and. Select diagram: figure 4
id-JP2010166669A    abstract-[problem] avoid abnormal power supply from the power supply equipment to the vehicle in an electric vehicle where the microwave output from the power supply equipment installed outside the vehicle is received power without contact with the power supply equipment and can be run by an electric motor using the received power. Solution: the power receiving device 110 receives non-contact microwaves output from the power supply device 200. By reflecting the microwave output from the power supply equipment 200, the detection unit 150 can detect the obstacle 160 in the car that becomes an obstacle to the power supply equipment 110 from the power supply equipment 200. When the obstacle 160 is not detected by the detection unit 150, the control unit 170 sends the power supply permit instruction to the power supply equipment 200, which permits power supply from the power supply equipment 200 to the power supply equipment 110. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-JP2010173406A    abstract-[challenges] it is possible to maintain the vehicle body in a stable state at any time even if the inverted control is stopped, regardless of the condition of the occupant or the payload. Be able to be used to the whole. The vehicle control device is a vehicle center of gravity acquisition device to obtain the position and/or height of the center of gravity of the vehicle, and a attitude limiting control device to control the position and/or shape of the attitude limiting device according to the center of gravity of the vehicle acquired by the vehicle center of gravity acquisition device. Get ready. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20160303977A1    abstract-A battery monitoring system, comprises a battery state detection circuit that detects battery states of a plurality of battery cells that are connected in series, based on respective cell voltages of the plurality of battery cells, and a control circuit that monitors state of a battery cell, based on each cell voltage of the plurality of battery cells. The control circuit inputs pseudo voltage information to the battery state detection circuit, and thereby diagnoses whether or not the battery state detection circuit is operating normally.

id-US8115334B2    abstract-A system and method for operating power take-off (PTO) systems aboard hybrid and electric systems and vehicles is disclosed. The PTO system includes an energy storage device configured to supply electrical power and at least one electrical drive system electrically connected to the energy storage device to receive the electrical power, with each of the at least one electrical drive systems configured to convert the electrical power to a desired mechanical power. The PTO system also includes at least one PTO shaft mechanically connected to each of the at least one electrical drive systems that is driven by the mechanical power to generate a mechanical output, with the mechanical output of each of the at least one PTO shafts being independently controllable from the mechanical output of other PTO shafts.

id-US8305018B2    abstract-If it is determined that excess power is generated based on overcharge information of a power storage device, a controller starts an operation of consuming the excess power by an excessive power consuming circuit. The controller counts elapsed time from the time point when the power consuming operation started, and if the counted elapsed time exceeds a minimum on-time set in advance, switches the excessive power consuming circuit from active to inactive state. The minimum on-time is set based on a pattern that is expected to cause generation of excessive regenerative power from an AC electric motor because of abrupt change in running status of an electric powered vehicle mounting a motor drive system.

id-US7976110B2    abstract-A hybrid braking system that operates in conjunction with a foundation braking system, whether an air, hydraulic, electric, mechanical or electric braking system. Recovered energy is returned to the axle wheels in a controlled manner while the vehicle is in motion and certain criteria are met so as to compensate for aerodynamic drag and rolling resistance for instance but not at a rate to accelerate or launch a vehicle.

id-US8217544B2    abstract-A motor-generator has a stator including an annular stator core and stator windings wound on the stator core, an annular inner rotor located radially inward of the stator core, and an annular outer rotor located radially outward of the stator core. Each of the inner and outer rotors is made of a soft magnetic material or magnetic steel. The stator core consists of a plurality of stator core segments each being in the form of a tooth. The stator windings are wound on the stator core in a continuous distributed winding manner at a predetermined winding pitch. The outer rotor consists of a plurality of outer rotor segments each of which is magnetically polarized to have opposite polarities on opposite circumferential ends thereof. Each of the outer rotor segments is offset from the inner rotor by a predetermined electrical angle that corresponds to the winding pitch of the stator windings.

id-WO2010096317A1    abstract-A method for estimating power capability of a power source driving an electrical load can include obtaining initial values of power source parameters including a voltage value and a current value while preventing the power source from causing kinetic energy to be produced in the electrical load. The method can also include estimating power capability of the power source based on the initial values of the power source parameters.

id-JP2010173610A    abstract-[challenges] to improve fuel efficiency while ensuring drivability when switching from cooperative control to hydraulic braking in electric vehicles with coordinated brake control. [solution] in response to an increase in the absolute value of deceleration calculated by the decrease in vehicle speed VS, the system can be adjusted to reduce the first reference value alpha for reducing regenerative braking power and the second reference value beta for stopping regenerative braking power. Set. Then, based on the comparison between the first and second reference values and the vehicle speed, the reduction in the share of regenerative braking force is started and the generation of regenerative braking force is stopped. For example, if a vehicle has a low speed limit, it may be able to reduce the speed of the vehicle by reducing the speed of the vehicle to a low speed limit. Select diagram: figure 3
id-JP2010193570A    abstract-[challenges] we provide a power supply system for electric power storage type trains that can be charged in a shorter period of time, reduce the weight of electric vehicles, and reduce the maintenance cost. [solution] The electric vehicle 1 is equipped with the power storage device 11 and the power supply device 16 is equipped with the power supply system. The electric vehicle 1 has a pair of charging terminals 53a and 53b connected to the positive and negative electrodes of the power storage device 11, and the power supply device 16 is equipped with the rectifier 4 Ground power storage device 5 connected in parallel with rectifier 4, DC/DC converter 6 with a pair of input terminals connected to the positive and negative poles of ground power storage device 5, and a pair of power supply terminals 26a connected to a pair of output terminals of the converter 6. The power supply terminals 26a and 26b are moved so that 26b and a pair of power supply terminals 26a and 26b are in contact with a pair of charging terminals 53a and 53b in a state separated from each other, or in a state separated from the contact state. It has a mobile terminal. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-EP2228250A2    abstract-About inventing an Energiemanagement Kraftfahrzeuges internal combustion engine environment, as well as a backup power supply and generator Stromverbraucher symptoms, where the generator Rekuperationsphasen dynamic energy and/or Bremsenergie Kraftfahrzeuges converted into electricity, backup power speicherbar, full at least Heizelement Betriebsmedien? Comparatively speaking, at least one Heizelement in the first stage is first to meet the energy from the backup power supply, if the Basiswerte strain ", inviting a Differenzbetrag from the backup power supply Meli energy by raising the information Rekuperationsphase Generatorspannung mounts the backup power supply. Until the entnommene Differenzbetrag from the back-up power supply through the ruckgewonnene energy bullets in the Rekuperationsphase back-up power supply throughout the process, the generator continuously supplies energy to the consumer, when under the limits of the enterprise network, at least to turn off the electrotherapy cells.
id-JP2010200557A    abstract-[challenges] we provide a regenerative coordination control device and a regenerative coordination control method that prevents the driver of a vehicle driven by an electric motor from suddenly releasing the brake. The solution is to continuously detect the battery status through the battery allowance capacity data acquisition section 110 to obtain the battery allowance capacity data, and to correct the acquired battery allowance capacity data according to the update timing of the data that meets the specified conditions. Update the obtained battery residual capacity data. On the other hand, the correction amount related to the correction of the acquired battery allowance capacity data is estimated with the correction amount estimation section 120 before the update time of the corresponding data in the battery allowance capacity data acquisition section 110 arrives. According to the estimate, in the case that the correction amount is large and the regenerative power is expected to be greatly reduced, the regenerative braking ratio in the regenerative coordination control is reduced in advance and the friction braking ratio is increased to prevent the shortage of total braking force. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-JP2010193677A    abstract-Challenges to provide a power supply system that can supply power only to mobile vehicles running at limited speed and prevent environmental destruction and pollution. The power supply system of the present invention supplies power from the power supply device to the mobile body and has a power supply control device that controls the supply of power from the power storage device to the power supply device. In addition, electricity can be supplied to the mobile body when it travels in a predetermined place at a speed limit. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-JP5340381B2    abstract-

id-US8747265B2    abstract-A power transmitting device having a main input shaft selectively connected to an output shaft of an engine by a main clutch CM; first and second sub input shafts disposed coaxially and selectively connected to the main input shaft by clutches C 1  and C 2 , respectively; an output shaft connected to the first and second sub input shafts via a pair of gears, respectively, and outputting motive power to driving wheels via a counter shaft; and a deceleration mechanism configured to be capable of differentially rotating a sun gear, which is connected to the main input shaft and an electric motor, a ring gear, and a carrier, which is connected to the first sub input shaft, with respect to one another and transmitting the motive power to the output shaft via the carrier. A brake B capable of locking the ring gear is connected to the ring gear.

id-US8836161B2    abstract-A breaker  162  is opened when a pantograph  101  is lowered. The pantograph  101  is connected to an overhead wire  200 . Voltage and its phase of the overhead wire are detected by a detector  161 . Power is supplied from a power storage device  150   c  to a tertiary winding  112   c  via a power converter  14   c  such that a primary side of the main transformer  110  has the same voltage and phase as the overhead wire so as to reversely excite the main transformer  110 . When the voltage of the main transformer  110  has the same phase as the voltage of the overhead wire  200 , the breaker  162  is turned on and then the pantograph  101  is raised, to connect the overhead wire  200  and the main transformer  110  to each other, thereby preventing the occurrence of an excitation inrush current to the main transformer  110.

id-US8086364B2    abstract-A system for operating an electric or hybrid-electric vehicle includes a computer programmed to identify a location of a vehicle, access a map and identify a plurality of links therein, pre-screen the plurality of links to identify if any of the plurality of links is within a given bounds of the current location, and if one or more possible links are identified, then match the current location of the vehicle to one of the identified links, and upload power data for the vehicle corresponding to the matched location into a database.

id-US9079484B2    abstract-It is provided a control device for a vehicle power transmission device including a shifting portion and an electric motor that provides regeneration via the shifting portion, the control device executing a downshift of the shifting portion if a traveling loss in the vehicle power transmission device after the shift is smaller than a traveling loss in the vehicle power transmission device at a current gear ratio during regenerative traveling, and the traveling loss in the vehicle power transmission device including at least one of a loss in the shifting portion and a loss in the electric motor, the loss in the shifting portion being calculated based on the operating oil temperature of the shifting portion and the loss in the electric motor being calculated based on the temperature of the electric motor.

id-EP2236339B1    abstract-

id-US9397502B2    abstract-A system and method for proportioned power distribution in arrays of power converters are disclosed. According to one embodiment, a method includes distributing a node-specific transfer function to each node of a plurality of nodes via a communication bus. Each node includes a power converter, and nodes of the plurality of nodes are electrically connected in series. Each node-specific transfer function enables each node to contribute a positive impedance to a total impedance of the plurality of nodes. The computer-implemented method further includes coordinating a setting of a parameter of each node-specific transfer function to regulate a common bus current across the plurality of nodes, and assigning to each node an electrical characteristic based on a parameter of each node-specific transfer function.

id-US8725332B2    abstract-A hybrid vehicle includes a regenerative charging area detection section, a recovery loss estimation section, and a motor use ratio increase section. The regenerative charging area detection section detects arrival of a regenerative charging possible area in which a regenerative charging from a motor to a battery is possible. The recovery loss estimation section estimates a recovery loss of the regenerative charging based on a regenerative charge amount in the regenerative charging possible area and a current remaining battery amount in response to detection by the regenerative charging area detection section. In response to estimation by the recovery loss estimation section, before the arrival at the regenerative charging possible area, the motor use ratio increase section increases a use ratio of the motor so as to decrease a remaining battery amount while limiting the temperature of the battery to a predetermined temperature range.

id-JP2010208576A    abstract-[challenges] to efficiently and effectively detect abnormalities in the intake system in hybrid vehicles. The hybrid vehicle (10) has a first motor that can control the rotation speed of the internal combustion engine (200) according to the rotation state, and a valve body (208) that can adjust the idle air volume of the internal combustion engine according to the opening degree. An intake pressure detection device (219) capable of detecting intake pressure on the downstream side of the valve body. The setting mechanism for setting the target rotation speed of the internal combustion engine according to the vehicle speed when the hybrid vehicle is in the state of EV deceleration, and the first motor so that the rotation speed of the internal combustion engine changes to the set target rotation speed A rotation speed control device for control and a state determination device for determining the status of the intake pressure detection device based on the detected intake pressure during the process of changing the rotation speed of the internal combustion engine to a predetermined target rotation speed. Select diagram: figure 4
id-US20110068648A1    abstract-An energy storage and generation system for an electrically powered motorized vehicle is disclosed. In one embodiment, an energy storage and generation system for an electrically powered motorized vehicle includes a stator having field coils and sensors which are provided on the inner periphery of the stator, and a rotor having permanent magnets with N and S poles arranged alternately in a circumferential direction on the outer periphery to face the field coils and housing batteries of the electrically powered motorized vehicle. The energy storage and generation system also includes a drive control unit connected to the sensors and the field coils for generating magnetic field in the field coils of the stator in response thereto to rotate the rotor. The rotation of the rotor stores rotational kinetic energy due to the dead weight of the plurality of batteries which is used to propel the electrically powered motorized vehicle.

id-JP2010252617A    abstract-[challenges] to prevent the occurrence of overvoltage failure of electric wires, charging of electric double layer capacitors is possible as close as possible to the upper limit. A new current finger narrowed by a filter 34 that takes into account the current command value output from PI amplifier 23 and the internal resistance of the electric double layer capacitor after the current command value is input into the limiter 24 and the current command value obtained after the restriction processing. The comparator 32 compares the command value with the command value and outputs the smaller current command value as the charging current command value. The deviation output between the command value of the charging current output from the comparator 32 and the detection value of the charging current of the electric double layer capacitor is obtained, and the output is obtained through PI amplifier 26 to determine the PI control output of the duty of the bidirectional chopper unit. The PWM signal corresponding to the duty cycle is input to the amplifier 28 used to control the signal cycle, and the PWM signal corresponding to the duty cycle is generated from the amplifier 28 through the CMP generator 29. The gate signal is obtained from the PWM signal and the conditional signal when the regenerative power is generated. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-JP2010206992A    abstract-[issues] we provide technology to reduce the load on the battery caused by excessive energy recovered by regenerative braking. [solution] in the brake control unit, regenerative braking is applied to the wheels on the vehicle by an electric motor. The control device calculates the target total braking force as the target for vehicle control, determines the target regenerative braking force generated by the regenerative brake to meet the target total braking force, and applies the hydraulic brake to meet the shortage of the target total braking force. The target fluid pressure control power to be generated is determined, and the regenerative brake and the hydraulic brake are coordinated and controlled according to the target fluid pressure control power and the target fluid pressure control power. When the target regenerative braking force is greater than the specified value, the control device controls the regenerative braking force according to the reduced regenerative braking force obtained by reducing the target regenerative braking force. The controller controls the hydraulic brake in response to the increased target hydraulic braking power by increasing the target hydraulic braking power to compensate for the reduced target regenerative braking power. Select diagram: figure 3
id-EP2414268A4    abstract-

id-JP2010220381A    abstract-[issues] we provide a charging control device for electric vehicles that improves total efficiency by taking into account the charging efficiency during charging and the regeneration efficiency during running after charging. [solution] the ECU charges the storage device from an external power source in the first charge period after the end of the run (time t1 ~ t2) and the second charge period before the start of the next run (time t3 ~ t4). The ECU predicts from an external power source the loss during charging (charge loss) of the storage device and the loss during regeneration (regenerative loss) during the next drive, and the alpha division ratio of the first and second charge periods to minimize the sum of the charge loss and the regeneration loss during the next drive. Decide. Selection diagram: figure 5
id-US8584779B2    abstract-A structure for mounting a power source apparatus includes a power source apparatus mounted on a vehicle, and a reinforcing member configured to reinforce connection between the power source apparatus and a vehicle body. The power source apparatus has a power source unit and a device fixed to an upper face of the power source unit and having a length in a front-back direction of the vehicle smaller than a length of the power source unit. The reinforcing member extends in a left-right direction of the vehicle and is fixed at different portions to the power source apparatus and the vehicle body in space above the power source unit and adjacent to the device in the front-back direction of the vehicle.

id-EP2241472B1    abstract-

id-US9013142B2    abstract-A vehicle and a power source are connected to each other at the time of charging by a charging cable including a signal line for transmitting a pilot signal for communication of information and a power line for transmitting electric power. The pilot signal has voltage changeable between a high level and a low level having a lower potential than the high level. The charging connector is provided with a power terminal to be supplied with the electric power from the power line, a signal terminal receiving the pilot signal transmitted from the signal line, and a light emitting diode having one end coupled to a signal of the signal line and the other end coupled to a node of a higher potential than the low level, with the forward direction thereof from the other end to the one end.

id-JP5641730B2    abstract-

id-US8886375B2    abstract-When a diagnosis result of an ABS control system is normal, a determination is made as to whether or not to execute ABS control based on a slip ratio of a vehicle wheel, whereupon motor torque control is executed based on an operational state of an ABS. In other words, when ABS control is not executed, the motor-generator is controlled to a regenerative state, and when ABS control is executed, the motor-generator is controlled to a power running state. When the diagnosis result of the ABS control system is abnormal, on the other hand, regenerative braking by the motor-generator is prohibited immediately and the motor-generator is controlled to the power running state.

id-US20100252341A1    abstract-The electric rotary machine comprises a stator and a rotor. The rotor is incorporated rotatablly inside the stator keeping an air gap between the rotor and the stator, the rotor being divided into at least two of a first rotor and a second rotor in a direction of a rotating shaft thereof, and each of the first and second rotors having field magnets with different polarities disposed alternatively in a rotating direction of the rotor. A magnetic flux control mechanism controls effective magnetic fluxes by varying positions of the field magnets of the second rotor relatively with respect to that of the first rotor in at least the rotating direction of the rotor. The stator core is provided with a magnetoresistive layer that is interposed in the path of the effective magnetic fluxes in the stator core.

id-US20100270810A1    abstract-A system for generating energy using the rotating wheels of a vehicle and for collecting such energy is provided. An alternative system for powering vehicle engines using relatively inexpensive fuel sources is also provided.

id-EP2418132A1    abstract-At a time (t3) when a vehicle speed is decreased below a switching-start vehicle speed and the switching from regenerative braking to fluid pressure braking is performed, even if a slave cylinder is caused to be operated by driving an electric motor at the same time of starting the reduction of regenerative braking force, the increase of fluid pressure braking force is delayed by an ineffective stroke in the slave cylinder. Accordingly, a temporary drop of total braking force of the regenerative braking force and fluid pressure braking force is generated. However, at a time (t2) when a vehicle speed is decreased below a switching-preparation-start vehicle speed, the electric motor is, beforehand, caused to drive slightly to cancel out the ineffective stroke in the slave cylinder. This can prevent a temporary drop of the total braking force of the regenerative braking force and fluid pressure braking force at the time of the switching, and can thereby prevent deterioration of brake feeling.

id-WO2010115865A1    abstract-The invention refers to a device (56) connected to a power supply, connected to a traction power supply divider circuit (18), with a preset circuit, 26 between circuits (38) and a self circuit (38). The device has a set of connected solid clutches (T9, T10) and a set using solid clutches. T11, T12) and two cuts (62.64). Each Bruckenzweig (58.60) is a backup power source (66,68) electrically parallel to each Bruckenzweig (58.60) after (70,74) the active or negative touch of the third rail (16,20)Spannungszwischenkreises(18) and with the other Port (72.76) by reducing (64,62) and one Verbindungspunkt(80.78) two abschaltbarer Halbleiterschalter (T11, T12; T09, bridge one (60,58) connection activated. Through this sophisticated device (56), we can connect two stored energy (66,68) to the middle coil of the main circuit (18) of the traction power supply, reducing the current residue of the system (18).
id-US20130221901A1    abstract-An electric vehicle comprises a power supply operable on a non-fossil fuel supply and an on-board recharging system that includes a wrapped charging bar and that is operable to prevent a DCPCS from being completely discharged except under express command to do so.

id-US9738271B2    abstract-A method for controlling a hybrid electric powertrain includes, in response to a request to increase a powertrain braking force on at least one of a plurality of traction wheels, (i) commanding at least one clutch to increase a gear ratio of a transmission, and (ii) during clutch stroke, commanding an electric machine to act as a generator such that the electric machine applies a braking force to at least one of the traction wheels.

id-US9283838B2    abstract-Provided is a protective structure for a fuel cell system in a vehicle. The fuel cell system includes a fuel cell unit accommodating a fuel cell and a related device disposed adjacently to the fuel cell unit. The protective structure enables effective protection of the fuel cell unit and the related device from impacts from below the vehicle. The fuel cell unit and the related device are provided at respective protective structural bodies. An under-panel is provided on at least one of the bottom surfaces of the protective structural bodies. A floor panel covers commonly the bottom surface sides of the fuel cell unit and the related device.

id-US8932769B2    abstract-Provided is a mounting structure of a fuel cell system capable of withstanding a collision from the side face of a fuel cell vehicle. The fuel cell system comprises a fuel cell unit for housing a fuel cell, and a protective structure having a mounting surface for mounting the fuel cell unit. The protective structure includes sloping frames provided obliquely relative to the mounting surface at a position opposing at least one side face of the fuel cell unit. Since the protective structure has the sloping frames as the structural objects to be subjected to the impact of the collision from the side face, the protection of the entire height of the fuel cell unit is realized by the lightest structural objects.

id-US9186995B2    abstract-A non-contact power receiving apparatus includes a power reception coil receiving, by electromagnetic resonance, the electric power transmitted from a power transmission coil; a rectifier rectifying the electric power received by the power reception coil, a load receiving the electric power rectified by the rectifier; a resistance and a connection switch provided in a pair of power lines for transmitting the electric power from the power reception coil through the rectifier to the load, the resistance and the connection switch being connected in series between the pair of power lines; and a control device. The control device renders the connection switch conductive when determining where the power reception coil is positioned, and renders the connection switch nonconductive when the electric power is transmitted to the load from the power reception coil through the rectifier.

id-US8459399B2    abstract-Provided is a mounting structure of a fuel cell system capable of inhibiting a related device from colliding with the fuel cell when a crash impact is applied from the vehicle front while inhibiting the increase in the vehicle weight. The fuel cell system includes a fuel cell, and a related device electrically connected to the fuel cell and disposed adjacent to the, wherein related device has an inclined part on a side of a forward direction of a vehicle. When a crash impact is applied to the vehicle from the forward direction side, the moving direction of the related device is changed to a direction (for example, downward) that is not parallel to the forward direction. Thus, it is possible to inhibit the related device from advancing directly toward and damaging the fuel cell.

id-US8812203B2    abstract-A control apparatus for a power transmitting system of a vehicle provided with a transmission portion having a plurality of speed ratios to be established in steps, and an electric motor operatively connected to an input-side rotary member of said transmission portion and controlled to generate a regenerative torque in a decelerating state of the vehicle, the control apparatus is configured: to implement a shifting control to perform a shifting operation of said transmission portion under the condition of a determination in the decelerating state of the vehicle that an input torque of said transmission portion including said regenerative torque is substantially zero; and to implement the shifting control to perform the shifting operation of said transmission portion under the condition of an improvement of a fuel economy rather than the determination that the input torque of said transmission portion is substantially zero, when a target deceleration value of the vehicle is larger than a predetermined threshold value.

id-US9162559B2    abstract-A fuel-cell-system providing structure is provided which is capable of preventing a collision of a fuel cell with a related apparatus of the fuel cell while suppressing the increase in weight of a vehicle. A fuel cell system provided in a vehicle includes: a fuel cell unit in which a fuel cell is contained; and a related apparatus that is electrically connected to the fuel cell and that is located adjacent to the fuel cell unit. The related apparatus is arranged at a position closer to an outer surface of the vehicle than the fuel cell unit.

id-US8415825B2    abstract-In a power conversion device of a vehicle, when a collision of a vehicle is detected, the voltage of a gate signal that drive a semiconductor switching element included in the power conversion device is decreased, and residual charge stored in a smoothing capacitor is discharged. Such a configuration increases switching loss when the semiconductor switching element is turned on or off during discharge of the residual charge in the power conversion device, so that discharge of the residual charge can be accomplished in a shorter time.

id-US8287429B2    abstract-A shifting control apparatus for a power transmitting system of a vehicle provided with a vehicle drive electric motor, and a step-variable automatic transmission constituting a part of a power transmitting path between said vehicle drive electric motor and drive wheels, the shifting control apparatus controls said vehicle drive electric motor to perform a regenerative operation in a coasting state of the vehicle, and controls said automatic transmission to perform a shift-down operation at a predetermined coasting shift-down vehicle speed in the coasting state, the shifting control apparatus is configured: to change said coasting shift-down vehicle speed according to a regenerative power of said vehicle drive electric motor; to control said vehicle drive electric motor in the coasting state of the vehicle, so as to perform the regenerative operation at a vehicle speed higher than a predetermined drive/driven switching vehicle speed value, and so as to generate a vehicle drive torque at a vehicle speed lower than said predetermined drive/driven switching vehicle speed value; and to lower said coasting shift-down vehicle speed value at which the shift-down operation of said automatic transmission to a lowest shift position thereof is performed, and said drive/driven switching vehicle speed value, with an increase of said regenerative power of said vehicle drive electric motor.

id-EP2428416B1    abstract-

id-US8674631B2    abstract-A power conversion apparatus includes: a line breaker that is connected in series to a direct-current power supply; a first capacitor that is connected in parallel to the direct-current power supply through the line breaker; a discharge circuit that includes a resistor and a first switching circuit connected in series and is connected in parallel to the first capacitor; a power converter for driving a synchronous machine; a second capacitor that is connected in parallel to a direct-current side of the power converter; a second switching circuit that is connected in series between the first capacitor and the second capacitor; and a control circuit for controlling the discharge circuit. The control circuit controls the discharge circuit on the basis of the voltage of the first capacitor and the voltage of the second capacitor.

id-US8430777B2    abstract-A proposition is to provide a power transmission mechanism for parallel hybrid vehicle that is capable of smoothly combining/separating input/output powers of a motor and an engine, and is applicable to a large hybrid vehicle by ensuring sufficient strength of a mechanism for combining and separating the input/output powers.      It is characterized by including a motor output shaft of the motor/generator rotatable separately from an engine drive shaft system extending from a main clutch to a transmission, a motor-brake mounted on one end side of the motor output shaft to release/fix the motor output shaft, and a planetary gear mechanism mounted between another end side of the motor output shaft and the engine drive shaft system and including a sun gear provided on the other end side of the motor output shaft, an outer gear provided on the engine drive shaft system and having a gear ratio to the sun gear of 1:1, a plurality of planetary gears with which the sun gear and the outer gear are engaged, and a planetary carrier picking up orbital motions of the planetary gears, and a gear brake mounted on one end side of the planetary carrier to release/fix the planetary carrier.

id-US8725334B2    abstract-A method for controlling torque applied to wheels of a vehicle including at least one electric motor connected to a battery and connected to at least one driving wheel. The motor is capable of operating as a generator for recharging the battery when the vehicle slows down. A first braking adjustment travel and a second acceleration adjustment travel are applied to the movement of the acceleration pedal of the vehicle, the braking adjustment travel being a continuously decreasing function relative to the charge of the battery.

id-EP2253530B1    abstract-

id-US20100305821A1    abstract-A method of controlling brake power flow for a vehicle with an electrically variable transmission is provided. When the brake power exceeds a power absorption capability of the energy storage system, then vehicle conditions are evaluated to determine if control of an engine fan is allowable. When conditions allow for fan control then the remaining brake power is provided for operation of the engine fan. Any excess brake power is dissipated through the exhaust brake or used by other vehicle accessories.

id-US8302724B2    abstract-An electric vehicle is disclosed having a frame, a plurality of ground engaging members, an electric motor, a front drive system, and a rear drive system. The electric motor is configured to provide power to at least a portion of the ground engaging members. The vehicle also comprises a plurality of batteries, an electronic controller, and a drive mode input. The drive mode input is operatively coupled to the electronic controller. The electronic controller operates the electric vehicle in one of a plurality of drive modes based on the drive mode input. In a first drive mode, the electronic controller specifies a first amount of motor braking to be applied by the electric motor, and in a second drive mode, the electronic controller specifies a second amount of motor braking to be applied by the electric motor. The second amount differs from the first amount.

id-US9793722B2    abstract-A power source apparatus mounted to a vehicle is equipped with a lead-acid battery and a lithium battery. An open circuit voltage and an internal resistance of each of the batteries are determined to satisfy the following conditions (a 1 ), (a 2 ), and (a 3 ): (a 1 ) In the use range of SOC of the lead-acid battery and the use range of SOC of the lithium battery, there is an equal voltage point Vds at which the open circuit voltage V 0  (Pb) of the lead-acid battery becomes equal to the open circuit voltage V 0  (Li) of the lithium battery; (a 2 ) The relationship of V 0  (Li)>V 0  (Pb) is satisfied in the upper limit side of the use range of SOC of the battery; and (a 3 ) A terminal voltage Vc (Li) of the lithium battery is not more than a set voltage Vreg of a regulator when a maximum current flows in the lithium battery.

id-US9199538B2    abstract-A charging connector includes a lock button for locking the charging connector in a charging inlet, and a limit switch for electrically connecting a control pilot line and a ground line to each other in response to an operation of the lock button. The vehicle inlet includes a switch circuit for selectively connecting the control pilot line and the ground line with a resistance circuit, depending on whether a charging lid is open or closed. A CPU is configured to be able to supply a voltage to the control pilot line, and based on a potential of a control signal in accordance with presence/absence of voltage supply to the control pilot line, it detects the state of connection of a charging cable and the state of control pilot line.

id-EP2444272B1    abstract-

id-US8798876B2    abstract-In a hybrid working machine, a control unit corrects an output upper limit value of an engine based on a deviation between a target revolution speed of the engine and an actual revolution speed of the engine, and output values of a motor generator, a hydraulically driven unit and an electrically driven unit are determined based on the corrected output upper limit value of the engine, or the control unit corrects an output lower limit value of the motor generator based on a deviation between the target revolution speed of the engine and the actual revolution speed of the engine, and the output values of the motor generator, the hydraulically driven unit and the electrically driven unit are determined based on the corrected output lower limit value of the motor generator.

id-US8565953B2    abstract-A power supply system includes a main power storage device and a plurality of sub power storage devices. A converter is connected to a selected one of the sub power storage devices to convert voltage between the selected sub power storage device and an electric power feeding line bidirectionally. The sub power storage device undergoes a connection switching process, and when the last sub power storage device is currently used, then, in accordance with that sub power storage device's SOC and the vehicle's state, a request is generated to disconnect the sub power storage device and a relay is turned off. In doing so, if a process is currently performed for starting or stopping an engine, generating the request is refrained even if a decreased SOC is sensed. Similarly, if a process is performed to disconnect a sub power storage device, and therewhile a request is generated to start/stop the engine, starting the process performed for starting or stopping the engine is refrained.

id-EP2444269B1    abstract-

id-US8765312B2    abstract-A load variation detecting section determines whether or not the actual load variation falls below a load variation threshold stored in a memory. If a load variation detecting section determines that a specific time period (for example, one minute) has elapsed since the actual load variation fell below a load variation threshold, a power supply section applies same power to reactors for the respective phases. On the other hand, a heat dissipation property calculating section measures temperature-rise rates of the elements for the respective phases, ranks the rates in order from the one having a higher heat dissipation property, and notifies the priority drive phase determining section of the result. A priority drive phase determining section chooses a phase having the highest heat dissipation property as a priority drive phase.

id-US20100307847A1    abstract-This disclosure describes an electric drive ground transportation vehicle, comprising a first energy storage subsystem and at least one other energy storage subsystem, at least one energy regeneration subsystem, at least one energy management controller, wherein said controller controls the routing of energy between the vehicle's subsystems based on the status, capabilities, and demands of the various subsystems, and the requirements imposed on the vehicle, and said at least one energy regeneration subsystem can regenerate energy in said first energy storage subsystem and/or said at least one other energy storage subsystem while the vehicle is in operation.

id-US9937782B2    abstract-There is provided a vehicle having a drive system. The drive system includes an engine for providing electrical power for propelling the vehicle, an electrical energy storage device, a first motor for driving a rotation of a first shaft of the vehicle, and a second motor for driving a rotation of a second shaft of the vehicle. The drive system is configured to operate in a first mode, wherein in the first mode, power for each of the first motor and the second motor is provided exclusively by the electrical energy storage device.

id-US8283795B2    abstract-A system in an electric vehicle converts the mechanical energy resulting from movement of the vehicle chassis to electric energy. The system has one or more energy conversion units including an alternator with a rotatable shaft and a weighted fly wheel fixed to the shaft. A female receptor on an end of the alternator shaft is disposed in spaced, axial alignment with a male driver on the end of a spiral ratcheting shaft that is operatively engaged with a pivoting lever and the chassis of the vehicle, whereupon upward and downward motion of the chassis frame causes the male driver to move between engagement and disengagement with the female receptor. A ratchet mechanism drives rotation of the spiral ratcheting shaft upon engagement of the male driver with the female receptor, thereby rotating the female receptor, flywheel and alternator shaft. The male driver disengages from the female receptor, allowing the fly wheel and alternator shaft to freely rotate in order to generate electric energy which is used to continuously charge a bank of batteries for powering the electric vehicle.

id-US9162657B2    abstract-An automotive braking system includes a windshield wiper system, a traction wheel, and a non-friction brake system configured to apply a braking force to the traction wheel. The system also includes one or more controllers operatively connected with the windshield wiper system, and configured to, in response to a braking request, command the non-friction brake system to apply the braking force to the traction wheel. The braking force has a magnitude that depends on whether the windshield wiper system is active.

id-EP2460248B1    abstract-

id-US8957610B2    abstract-A multi-port reconfigurable battery has at least one bank of statically joined series connected battery cells, each including a positive and negative pole connected through switches to respective output connections on at least one port. Processor controlled switches reconfigure the cells to provide power for electrical loads on one or more ports and simultaneously provide charging on one or more other ports. An alternative configuration divides groups of series connected cells into separate battery banks that permit other configurations. Ports are configurable to share one electrically common connection with other ports providing a simplified configuration (multi-tap reconfigurable battery). Applications include selectable motor speed control and battery regeneration schemes matched to motor output, and single or multiphase AC power output at selectable frequencies for use as an Uninterruptible Power Supply. The battery is also described as a power source for a forced-air induction system (e.g. electric supercharger) for a combustion engine.

id-US8959912B2    abstract-A vehicle includes an internal-combustion engine for driving a drive train of the vehicle, at least one charger for increasing the pressure of the air supplied to the internal-combustion engine and an electrical machine which can be or is coupled to the charger in a torque-transmitting manner and is provided for driving or supporting the drive of the charger. The drive train can be or is coupled with the electrical machine in a torque-transmitting manner.

id-US8816613B2    abstract-A reconfigurable battery has at least one bank of statically joined series connected battery cells, each cell including a positive and a negative pole. The poles connect through switches to respective output connections. Activating a set of processor controlled switches reconfigures at least some of the battery cells into a configuration to provide a voltage across the output connections. The output battery voltage may vary intermediately between zero volts and the maximum voltage produced by the series connected battery cells.      An alternative configuration of switches divides groups of series connected battery cells into separate battery banks that permit other battery cell configurations. Duty cycle modulation of the switches allows intermediate control of output voltage with reduced switching transients. Reconfigurable battery cells used in combination with an electric motor permit selectable speed control and battery regeneration schemes matched to motor output.

id-US9623864B2    abstract-A system is provided for managing torque in a vehicle driveline coupled to an internal combustion engine and to a hybrid motor/generator. An engine control circuit provides to a transmission control circuit an engine torque value corresponding to torque applied by the engine to the driveline. A hybrid control circuit provides to the transmission control circuit a motor torque value corresponding to torque applied by the hybrid motor/generator to the driveline. The transmission control circuit controls operation of at least one friction device and controls shifting of the transmission, and also manages torque applied to the drive line by the engine and by the hybrid motor/generator based on the engine torque value and the motor torque value such that the friction device control and shift schedule instructions do not require modification to accommodate inclusion of the hybrid motor/generator in the system or exclusion of the hybrid motor/generator from the system.

id-EP2460683B1    abstract-

id-US8727053B2    abstract-In the case where a vehicle  3  runs forward, when both two electric motors  2 A,  2 B power the vehicle, an oil pressure controller  48  releases hydraulic brakes  60 A,  60 B; when both the two electric motors  2 A,  2 B perform a regenerative braking, actuates the hydraulic brakes  60 A,  60 B. When one of the two electric motors  2 A,  2 B powers the vehicle and the other motor performs regenerative braking, the oil pressure controller  48  controls releases or actuates the hydraulic brakes  60 A,  60 B based on a power driving torque and a regenerative braking torque.

id-US8615350B2    abstract-Guidance devices, methods, and programs acquire a current speed of a vehicle and calculate a regeneration upper limit operation amount of the regenerative brake based on the current speed of the vehicle. The devices, methods, and programs acquire a deceleration target speed, acquire a deceleration target position, calculate a distance to the deceleration target position, and calculate a deceleration required operation amount of the brake pedal required for reducing the current speed of the vehicle to the deceleration target speed at the deceleration target position based on the acquired current speed of the vehicle, the acquired deceleration target speed, and the calculated distance to the deceleration target position. The devices, methods, and programs communicate guidance regarding the operation amount of the brake pedal based on the calculated regeneration upper limit operation amount and the calculated deceleration required operation amount.

id-JP5305025B2    abstract-

id-US9221346B2    abstract-A propulsion control apparatus for an electric motor car includes: an inverter apparatus connected to a DC power supply; a motor connected to an output of the inverter apparatus; a converter apparatus connected to an input of the inverter apparatus; and a power storage apparatus connected to an output of the converter apparatus, is configured to charge/discharge a part of power running power or regenerative power of the motor to/from the power storage apparatus. The converter apparatus includes a converter control unit that generates, based on a regeneration state signal as a signal indicating a suppression state of the regenerative power or regenerative torque or regenerative current equivalent to the regenerative power, a charging current command value, generates a charging and discharging current command value of the converter apparatus based on the charging current command value, and performs control.

id-JP5226627B2    abstract-

id-US20110109158A1    abstract-An energy conversion system (ECS) is described for energy conversion and distribution including the conversion of vehicle-stored energy into electrical energy and the distribution of the electrical energy locally at the home or via a utility grid level. The ECS includes a system coupled or connected to a vehicle powertrain and comprising a storage cell, a control and monitoring device, a converter unit that converts direct current (DC) energy to alternating current (AC) energy (also referred to as a converter or as an inverter), and an electric generator which extracts kinetic energy created by a moving object or vehicle, converting it into electric energy. This energy is stored in discrete storage cells in the object or vehicle until it can be downloaded into an electrical distribution system or grid.

id-JP5869523B2    abstract-

id-US20110017529A1    abstract-Truly electric cars may make other cars obsolete. Not just gasoline cars, but other electric cars. Unlike gasoline cars, truly electric cars can be divided up into modules. Different fuelsgasoline, electricity from batteries, hydrogencan be used to power the car by replacing a power unit. Car bodies can be updated to conform to changing fashion. Even while keeping the motors that power the car, still good for a million miles. Functions like four-wheel drive and electronic stability control can be done in software, so they can be fixed and upgraded cheaply. Motor controls can be software-based too, and upgraded over the Internet rather than requiring a mechanic's services. With electric motors in a car's wheels, it can beat any gasoline car, going from 0 to 100 miles per hour in 10 seconds, while getting 100 miles per gallon and going 1,000 miles on a tank of gas.

id-US20110000721A1    abstract-In various embodiments, the present disclosure provides systems and methods for providing electrical powered load assist to an internal combustion engine of vehicle.

id-WO2011012188A1    abstract-The roof module is installed on the roof of the vehicle. The sensors are made up of a self-supporting frame and a trailer designed from the back of the train. There is at least one component that stores electrical energy. Between the component power and the roof, there's an arrow holder.
id-EP2460941A1    abstract-A revolving drive device (60) comprises a revolving bearing (61) having an outer ring (61a) attached to a vehicle body frame (21) and an inner ring (61b) attached to a travel frame (11), the revolving bearing revolvably supporting the vehicle body frame (21); a first internal gear (62) provided integrally with an inner circumferential surface of the inner ring (61b); a ring-shaped member (63) fitted between the travel frame (11) and the inner ring (61b); a second internal gear (64) provided integrally in an inner circumferential surface of the ring-shaped member (63); a hydraulic revolution motor (65) having a first pinion (65a) attached to an output shaft and meshed with the first internal gear (62), the hydraulic revolution motor being supplied with operating oil and causing the first pinion (65a) to rotate, whereby revolving-drive force is provided to the vehicle body frame (21); and an electric revolution motor (66) having a second pinion (66a) attached to an output shaft and meshed with the second internal gear (64), the electric revolution motor being supplied with electric power and causing the second pinion (66a) to rotate, whereby revolving-drive force is provided to the vehicle body frame (21), and electric power is regenerated from the driven energy received by the vehicle body frame (21). The first internal gear (62) and the second internal gear (64) have different numbers of teeth.

id-WO2011002342A1    abstract-The electric vehicle shall contain a reversible power supply, several electric motors connected to the wheels through mechanical transmission, one or more reversible converters controlling the speed and/or timing of the specified electric motors, a large capacitor (supercapacitor) and a ballast resistor. The vehicle is equipped with a dc to dc upward/downward type, two current sensors, two voltage sensors, a vehicle speed sensor, a speed sensor of one of the electric motors and a control system. The outputs of the specified sensors, together with the output of the speed sensor, are connected to the inputs of the control system, the outputs of which are connected to the control inputs of the converter and the discharge key. The technical result is a reduction in energy losses due to an increase in the energy recovery rate.
id-EP2452848B1    abstract-

id-JP2011031698A    abstract-[challenges] the challenge is to provide a regenerative power control device for hybrid four-wheel drive vehicles that can improve yaw stability during regenerative braking. In the above subject, the first drive wheel, which is always driven on one side of the front and rear wheels, is driven by the first power source (such as the engine), and the second drive wheel, which is always driven on the other side of the front and rear wheels, is driven by the second power source (such as the motor), and the clutch mechanism is generated by the clutch mechanism. Therefore, the mechanical connection between the first drive wheel and the second drive wheel can be changed from open to direct connection. This can be achieved by setting the force larger than the ideal braking force distribution. Select diagram in figure 7.
id-EP2472144B1    abstract-

id-US8952563B2    abstract-A potential energy storage system incorporating multiple track mounted shuttle units having motor/generator drive bogies and structure with an integral transfer mechanism for removably carrying energy storage masses from a first lower elevation storage yard to a second higher elevation storage yard employing excess energy from the electrical grid driving the motors, removing the masses in the second storage yard for energy storage, retrieving the masses and returning the masses from the second storage yard to the first storage yard recovering electrical energy through the generators.

id-JP5355641B2    abstract-

id-US8365849B2    abstract-Systems for towing a trailer by a towing vehicle and a method for controlling such a system are disclosed. The systems and method are configured to maintain a constant towing load on the towing vehicle as well as optimizing other performance criteria such as fuel efficiency. The system comprises a closed loop controller, a towing arm assembly, a load measuring device, an electric hub motor, brakes, a motor controller and a brake controller disposed on the trailer. In another embodiment, two separate systems are installed, one on each side of the trailer. A load force feeds into a PID controller programmed with preset proportional, differential and integral parameters. The PID controller generates a command signal to either modulate the brakes or motor up or down depending on the sign of the command signal. A process output updates the system which continuously adjusts based on driving conditions.

id-US8738260B2    abstract-A brake control system includes: a friction brake unit for generating a friction braking force; a regenerative brake unit for generating a regenerative braking force; and a control unit for controlling the regenerative and friction brake units based on a regenerative target value and a friction target value defined based on a target deceleration, and for controlling a braking force by selecting one of a plurality of control modes including both a regeneration permission mode in which a total braking force is generated by the regenerative and friction braking forces, and a regeneration prohibition mode in which the target deceleration is generated by the friction braking force. In the permission mode, the control unit generates the total force by providing a delay, while in the prohibition mode, the control unit provides a delay smaller than the above delay to the friction braking force or does not provide a delay.

id-US8952564B2    abstract-A PLG-ECU for external charging is provided separately from an HV-ECU for vehicle running, and configured to be capable of controlling external charging relays to be turned on/off. A sub DC/DC converter converting the output voltage of a charger into an auxiliary system voltage at the time of external charging is provided separately from a main DC/DC converter of large capacity used at the time of vehicle running. At the time of external charging, PLG-ECU can execute external charging without starting a vehicle running system while sub DC/DC converter can generate an auxiliary system voltage. Since external charging can be executed while system main relays each are kept turned off, a high voltage is not applied to components at the succeeding stage. Consequently, a main battery can be externally charged without exerting any influence on the durability and the life of each component of the vehicle running system.

id-EP2466727B1    abstract-

id-EP2470390B1    abstract-

id-EP2474759B1    abstract-

id-US8242737B2    abstract-In a motor-driven vehicle using power stored in a secondary battery as a source of motive power in which part of vehicle braking is achieved by regenerative braking by generating electrical energy absorbed by charging the secondary battery, the state of charge of the secondary battery is adjusted during charging so that, when charging is completed, the state of charge of the battery will be such that it is still capable of receiving energy generated during regenerative braking. During charging, after the battery has been charged to a target charge level, and battery temperature has subsequently changed, a state where the battery is still capable of receiving energy generated during regenerative braking can be achieved by slightly discharging the battery depending on the temperature of the battery. Such slight discharge of the battery can be obtained by powering an electric heater ( 22 ) in an engine cooling water circuit or operating a generator ( 7 ) as a motor for motoring the vehicle engine ( 8 ).

id-US8608256B2    abstract-A hydraulic control method of a regenerative braking system for vehicles in which a point of time when regenerative braking torque starts to be reduced is predicted and hydraulic control is performed in advance prior to this point of time so as to improve braking performance. A hydraulic braking control unit predicts the point of time when regenerative braking torque starts to be reduced based on vehicle velocity and starts hydraulic control in advance prior to this point of time, thereby improving responsiveness of hydraulic braking force compared to the regenerative braking torque to satisfy braking force required by a driver, and minimizing a deceleration change at the end of regenerative braking to improve braking performance.

id-JP5308268B2    abstract-

id-US9013135B2    abstract-A power converting apparatus for electric motor vehicle propulsion is provided that is suitable for a use in which power regeneration from an inverter unit to a power storing unit or power supply from the power storing unit to the inverter unit is frequently used. The apparatus includes a converter unit that receives input of a power supply voltage from the outside, converts the power supply voltage into a direct current of a predetermined value, and outputs the direct current, the inverter unit that is connected to an output side of the converter unit and drives an electric motor, and the power storing unit that is connected to the output side of the converter unit. A converter control unit included in the converter unit generates a current command for the converter unit and controls charging and discharge currents to and from the power storing unit based on this current command.

id-JP4713690B2    abstract-

id-WO2011022076A3    abstract-An integrated powertrain assembly, comprising, in combination: an electric motor having a hollow motor shaft extending along the axis of the motor; a continuously variable transmission disposed adjacent to the motor and having a hollow CVT shaft; a differential, and a pair of output shafts extending from the differential through the hollow motor shaft and the hollow CVT shaft; wherein the electric motor, the continuously variable transmission, and the differential are axially aligned along a common axis.

id-US20110033733A1    abstract-The present invention is a dual configuration rechargeable battery for an electric powered vehicle where the battery in a first configuration provides a first chemical reaction discharging a battery electrolyte to generate an electrical current and with a reverse current, recharging the battery; and in a second configuration provides a second chemical reaction to generate a reverse electrical current and recharging the battery so that the battery returned to the first configuration is charged. The chemical for the second reaction is depleted and must be replenished to repeat the cycle. The battery in the second configuration provides both the recharging of the electrolyte and an electrical current for an electric powered vehicle while recharging. The charging current are equivalent to the discharging current so that the battery can be designed for operational current and not higher charging currents. Unlike recharging from an external source such as the power grid, the battery is used while recharging.

id-WO2011018576A2    abstract-In the case of a request for acceleration resulting from the operation of an accelerator (9), and in order then to satisfy the delivery of an overall energy supply to an electric motor (3), data are recorded relating to this energy supply (Icharge) which is supplied as the input of a transfer function (23) adapted so that, via a subtor (25), an energy supply instruction is supplied by a supercapacitor (7a), The electrochemical battery (7b) complementing the input of the supercapacitor to achieve the overall energy input.
id-US8428804B2    abstract-A temperature increase of a battery of a vehicle in a schedule effect road range is estimated based on an estimate of energy acquirable by regeneration in the schedule effect road range of the vehicle. A special value of the battery upper limit temperature is designated which is obtained by subtracting the temperature increase from a default value of the battery upper limit temperature. A battery upper limit temperature reduction road range is designated which is located just prior to the schedule effect road range. While the vehicle runs the battery upper limit temperature reduction road range, the battery upper limit temperature is set at the special value by being switched from the default value. When the vehicle completes running the battery upper limit temperature reduction road range and starts running the schedule effect road range, the battery upper limit temperature is returned to the default value from the special value.

id-US9550489B2    abstract-A method for regulating an energy recovery in a pedal-driven vehicle having a crank drive, an electric auxiliary drive and a rechargeable energy source includes: detecting a direction of rotation of the crank drive, and recovery of energy and storage of energy in the energy source when the direction of rotation of the crank drive is directed backward.

id-US10272902B2    abstract-A brake control system includes: a friction brake unit configured to generate a friction braking force; a regenerative brake unit configured to generate a regenerative braking force; and a brake control unit configured to control the regenerative brake unit and the friction brake unit based on a regenerative target value and a friction target value based on a target braking force, which is a target of the braking force to be provided to a wheel. The brake control unit controls the regenerative brake unit based on a second regenerative target value larger than a first regenerative target value that has been defined based on the target braking force.

id-US8508232B2    abstract-The battery system has a current detection circuit  2 , an amplifier  6 , and a detection circuit  7  that detects the current flowing through batteries  1  from amplifier  6  output. The current detection circuit  2  is provided with a voltage source circuit  8  that supplies a test voltage to the input-side of the amplifier  6 . Current detection lines  10  connect the current detection resistor  5  to the input-side of the amplifier  6 , and the detection circuit  7  stores a reference voltage corresponding to the current detection lines  10  in the connected state. When the voltage source circuit  8  supplies the test voltage to the input-side of the amplifier  6 , the detection circuit  7  compares the amplifier  6  output voltage with the reference voltage. The detection circuit  7  detects an open-circuit in the current detection lines  10  by the shift in voltage from the reference voltage.

id-US8479850B2    abstract-A fluid pressure brake unit generates a friction braking force by supplying an operating fluid to a wheel cylinder provided to each wheel of a vehicle so as to press a brake pad against the wheel. A regenerative brake unit generates a regenerative braking force by electric power regeneration to a motor that drives the wheel. A battery collects electric power from the motor. A low-temperature determination unit determines that the temperature of the battery is low when the temperature of the battery is below a predetermined temperature range. A battery temperature increasing unit generates, when the temperature of the battery is determined to be low, a braking force to the vehicle by at least either a fluid pressure brake unit or a regenerative brake unit during acceleration of the vehicle by the motor or the engine.

id-US8360533B2    abstract-Disclosed is a regenerative braking system capable of minimizing uncomfortable feeling during the braking operation while improving responsiveness and control performance by performing the braking operation using an electric motor. An electro-mechanical braking system is used when braking a rear wheel or front and rear wheels, so variable frictional braking is achieved, thereby maximizing the recovery rate of the regenerative energy.

id-US8272331B2    abstract-A single main steel wheel rides on a single main steel rail of a guideway to support and drive a carrier and to facilitate steering and provide a simplified, more compact and less costly construction. The carrier can support a car through a platform having elements and chocks for locking contact with a front bumper and front wheels of the car Auxiliary wheels and rails cooperate to cause nearly all weight to be carried through the single main wheel. Traction is increased when necessary through application of increased upward forces to undersides of auxiliary rails and/or through developing magnetic forces between the steel wheel and steel rail. An AC induction motor is a main source of drive power. Acceleration and braking are assisted through epicyclic gearing, braking means and a DC motor/generator that is connected to a battery and that drives the carrier if supply of AC fails.

id-US20110071712A1    abstract-A driving power control apparatus for a vehicle having an internal combustion engine and an electric motor includes a charge specifying unit and a schedule specifying unit. When determining that congestion exists ahead based on received wireless information, the charge specifying unit specifies a required charge quantity of a battery, which is needed at a congestion start, such that a charge quantity of the battery remains more than a predetermined quantity at a congestion end after traveling through the congestion using the motor. The schedule specifying unit extracts a partial section in advance of the congestion start. The schedule specifying unit further specifies a schedule of a control index in the partial section, such that the charge quantity of the battery at the congestion start is more than the required charge quantity.

id-US8710702B2    abstract-A regenerative electric power storage system installed onboard a DC electric rail car comprises: a filter unit which removes high frequency components from the DC power supplied through the catenary of a pantograph; a storage unit for storing power; a bidirectional DC/DC converter which is electrically connected between the filter unit and the storage unit; a DC/DC filter unit to remove high frequency noise; a voltage detection unit and a control unit which controls the switching of the bidirectional DC/DC converter. Instability is presented in the remaining systems of the electric rail car.

id-US20130218385A1    abstract-An electric vehicle and a range extender engine are shown including the controls to operate the same.

id-US20110061961A1    abstract-A four-wheel drive electric vehicle is provided. The vehicle comprises a chassis and a power system. The power system comprises batteries, an electric motor, a DC-DC converter and an electric motor controller which are electrically connected, and the chassis comprises a frame, a transmission/transfer case, a drive shaft, a front axle assembly as well as a rear axle assembly. The transmission/transfer case, the front axle assembly and the rear axle assembly are mounted on the frame. The transmission/transfer case is connected with the rear axle assembly directly and with the front axle assembly via the drive shaft. Under the control of the electric motor controller, the electric motor is driven to rotate by the batteries, whereby a power is transferred from the motor to the transmission/transfer case, and a part of the power is transferred to the rear axle assembly with the other part transferred to the front axle assembly via the drive shaft.

id-EP2306612A3    abstract-Terminals of a battery apparatus is connected to terminals of a vehicle body controller, respectively, and terminals of the battery apparatus are connected to terminals of a charger, respectively. The terminals are connected to each other through a communication path, and the terminals are connected to each other through a communication path. A termination resistor and a switch are connected in series between the communication paths. A microcomputer controls the switch based on a voltage of the terminal.

id-EP2314486A1    abstract-A brake system for a motor vehicle, comprising a friction brake (2) adapted to mechanically apply a braking force to the vehicle, a regenerative brake (4) adapted to apply a braking force to the vehicle, a brake pedal (6) adapted to be moved by a driver of the vehicle through a pedal range from not depressed (Pp 0 ) to fully depressed (Pp max ). The brake system further comprises a control unit (8) which comprises a working memory (10) with control instructions that refer inter alia to a brake pedal characteristic that incorporates inter alia a relationship between pedal depression and braking force BF, which control unit is adapted to activate the friction brake and the regenerative brake depending on pedal depression in accordance with said brake pedal characteristic.      The pedal range comprises at least two pedal positions, Pp 1  and Pp 2  which are chosen such that Ppo< Pp 1  < Pp 2 < Pp max  and which define three range segments A, B and C, where A is bounded by Pp 0  and Pp 1 , B by Pp 1  and Pp 2 . and C by Pp 2  and Pp max , the control unit being adapted to control the brakes so that in segment A, only the regenerative brake is activated to deliver an increasing braking force BF A  in response to increasing pedal depression; in segment B, only the regenerative brake is activated to deliver a substantially constant braking force BF B  in response to increasing pedal depression, and in segment C, the friction brake is activated so that an increasing total braking force BF C  is applied to the vehicle in response to increasing pedal depression.

id-EP2481948A1    abstract-Provided is a vehicle transmission apparatus including dual clutch transmission capable of improving travel stability even when running on a rough road. The apparatus comprises input shafts and output shafts to which rotational power from the input shafts is transmitted in a gear-shiftable manner; clutches that disengageably transmit rotational power from engine to the input shafts; rotational sensors that detect number of revolutions of wheels differentially driven through a differential device connected to both the output shafts to be capable of transmitting rotational power; a motor generator that rotates integrally with an input shaft and a controller that controls engagement/disengagement of the clutches, gear shifting between an input shaft and an output shaft and between another input shaft and another output shaft, and a regenerative operation of the motor generator according to signals from the rotational sensors.

id-JP5330939B2    abstract-

id-JP2011061957A    abstract-[challenges] to provide a vehicle control device and control method with increased possibility of early detection of failure. The control unit has the emergency switching condition of switching control from the first mode to the second mode in the case of sudden changes in the inverter current and motor torque as one of the switching judgment criteria of the control mode. The control unit determines whether the first condition, which includes the change of d axis current and q axis current of the inverter, and the second condition, which indicates the slip of the wheel, are true according to the change of wheel speed. I don't understand. When the first condition is valid and the second condition is valid, the control department carries out the fault detection processing that judges the fault of the inverter when the frequency of the establishment of emergency switching condition exceeds the threshold value. When the first condition is not valid and the second condition is not valid, the control department carries out the fault detection processing that judges the fault of the inverter. If the condition is true, stop the failure detection processing. Select diagram: figure 4
id-US9573569B2    abstract-A regenerative brake device for a vehicle includes a manual brake configured to apply a brake to a wheel of the vehicle by a manual operation of a brake lever; a motor configured to be coupled to a wheel of the vehicle, the motor being driven by a power from a battery, and also alternatively acting as a regenerative brake that charges the battery with an electromotive force of the motor; a brake sensor that detects a manual brake application point at which the manual brake is actuated from an operation amount of the brake lever; and a power control unit that performs regenerative power control for charging the battery with the electromotive force of the motor based on an output signal from the brake sensor so that the regenerative brake is generated in accordance with the operation amount of the brake lever.

id-US8860359B2    abstract-A hybrid energy storage system for supplying power to an application with a fluctuating load profile, such as, for example, electric vehicles, hybrid electric vehicles, plug-in hybrid electric vehicles, wind energy harvesting equipment and solar energy harvesting equipment. The hybrid energy storage system includes an ultra-capacitor electrically connected to a DC bus and a power source electrically connected to the DC bus via a controlled switch. The hybrid energy storage system further including a DC/DC converter connected between the power source and the ultra-capacitor, the DC/DC converter boosting a voltage of the power source to charge the ultra-capacitor. The DC/DC converter is preferably controlled to maintain a voltage of the ultra-capacitor at a higher value than the voltage of the power source.

id-US8590648B2    abstract-A hybrid drive train for a vehicle has an internal combustion engine, first and second electric machines and a transmission that are mechanically connected to one another to drive at least one axle of the vehicle. The internal combustion engine ( 1 ) and the first electric machine ( 2 ) are provided on an input shaft of the transmission ( 3 ), and the second electric machine ( 4 ) is provided on an output shaft ( 6 ) of the transmission or on an axle of the vehicle. The maximum power and/or the maximum torque of the internal combustion engine are/is substantially larger than the power or torque that can be transmitted by the transmission.

id-US8700241B2    abstract-Provided is a drive control device for a standby four-wheel drive vehicle having primary drive wheels coupled to a drive source including a motor generator that generates a regenerative braking torque and a clutch device disposed between the drive source and secondary drive wheels to switch a two-wheel drive state using the primary drive wheels and a four-wheel drive state using the primary drive wheels and the secondary drive wheels, including: a transmission torque control portion that causes the clutch device to set a transmission torque between the drive source and the secondary drive wheels to zero so as to allow only the primary drive wheels to perform regenerative braking if a request braking torque of the vehicle is equal to or lower than a predetermined primary-drive-wheel regeneration limit torque during the regenerative braking by the motor generator, the transmission torque control portion causing the clutch device to generate the transmission torque between the drive source and the secondary drive wheels so as to allow the primary drive wheels and the secondary drive wheels to perform the regenerative braking if the request braking torque exceeds the primary-drive-wheel regeneration limit torque.

id-JP5250523B2    abstract-

id-US20110079454A1    abstract-A hybrid vehicle has an engine, and a transmission having a transmission input member operatively connected to the engine and a transmission output member. A transfer case is operatively connected to the transmission output member and has a first and a second transfer case torque distribution member, each operable to distribute torque from the transmission output member. The first transfer case torque distribution member is operatively connected with one of the front and rear pairs of wheels for providing driving torque from the transmission output member to the one of the front and rear pairs of wheels. A propeller shaft extends from and is operatively connected at one portion to the second transfer case distribution member. A motor/generator is operatively connected to another portion of the propeller shaft.

id-JP5329366B2    abstract-

id-JP2011093335A    abstract-[challenges] in order to realize vehicle operation according to user requirements, a charge/discharge management control that can accelerate at least the discharge of the on-board storage device of hybrid vehicles in advance is realized. [solution] in a hybrid vehicle equipped with an electric motor configured to generate driving power from the storage device, an internal combustion engine, and a generator configured to generate charging power from the storage device by using the output of the internal combustion engine, the user can obtain the following information: When a charging request is detected through the switch preliminary operation (S100, S105), select the charging promotion mode (S150) used to advance the SOC of the storage device in preparation for the selection of EV mode or power mode. In the charging promotion mode, the charging of the storage device is promoted by increasing the output power of the internal combustion engine, compared to when the charging promotion mode is not selected. Select diagram in figure 10.
id-JP2011079500A    abstract-[challenges] to provide a hybrid drive system that can be accommodated compactly, USES a small number of motor generators, and makes it easy to utilize existing transmission design assets. [solution] hybrid drive device 1 has torque converter (fluid clutch) 3 and motor generator 5 which can output motor torque freely to drive transmission 4, and turbine runner 3b of torque converter 3 The motor generator 5 is connected to the input shaft 4a of the transmission 4 to output the motor torque. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20120262105A1    abstract-A battery apparatus is provided comprising a mechanical battery ( 40 ) including a flywheel. The battery apparatus further comprises a chemical battery ( 42 ) wherein the mechanical and chemical batteries ( 40, 42 ) are arranged, in use, to supply energy to a common load ( 48 ).

id-US20110114403A1    abstract-The invention encompasses a drivetrain or powertrain system including a unique, cost-effective, reliable means for creating a hybrid power system that utilizes a vehicle's stock manual transmission. The instant invention has the advantage of eliminating the cost and complexity of sophisticated transmissions, as well as replacing the vehicles starter and alternator. These basic components result in a cost effective, efficient and reliable drive system.

id-JP2011084117A    abstract-[challenges] to provide hybrid vehicles that are driven by a power unit that can achieve miniaturization and cost reduction and can increase driving efficiency. The hybrid vehicle has the first rotor, the first stator and the second rotor. The number of magnetic poles generated in the armature column of the first stator, the first rotating machine in which one of the first rotor and the second rotor is connected to the drive shaft and the output shaft are included in the hybrid vehicle. It is driven by a motor with a motor connected to the other side of the motor, a second rotating motor, and an electric storage device. Hybrid vehicles include a temperature detector for detecting parameters related to the temperature of the electric accumulator or the temperature of the electric accumulator, and a control unit for controlling the power unit. When the hybrid vehicle is running at least by driving force from the prime motor, the control unit controls at least one of the first and second rotators based on the temperature of the electric accumulator or parameters related to the temperature of the electric accumulator. I do. Select diagram in figure 50.
id-JP2011084115A    abstract-[challenges] we provide a power unit that can realize miniaturization and reduction of manufacturing cost, and increase the degree of design freedom. The power device 1 has engine 3 and the first and second rotators 11 and 21, and drives the drive wheel DW with these powers. The first rotating machine 11 has the first stator 13 and the first and second rotor 14 and 15, and the ratio between the number of armature magnetic poles generated in the stator 13, the number of magnetic poles of the first rotor 14 and the number of soft magnetic core 15a of the second rotor 15 is 1: M is set to be (1 + m) / 2 (m  1). When the engine starts, select one of the first and second start mode control processes according to the charge allowance SOC and three temperatures Toil, Tmot and Tbat (steps 5 to 8). Select diagram in figure 18.
id-JP5171783B2    abstract-

id-US8606490B2    abstract-In a hybrid vehicle including an engine provided with a plurality of VVTs (variable valve timing mechanisms) as one motive power source, an ECU increments a time lapse counter when a sensor detects the fact that a greatest-retard command has been output to all VVTs and an operation position of each VVT has actually returned to a greatest-retard position in response to the greatest-retard command. The ECU determines whether count by the time lapse counter has exceeded a predetermined defined time or not, and it does not permit engine stop until count by the time lapse counter reaches the predetermined defined time and permits engine stop when count by the time lapse counter has exceeded the predetermined defined time.

id-US20130229092A1    abstract-A generating axle for a vehicle. The generating axle can include a hollow, tubular housing, a shaft rotatably disposed within the housing, at least one armature carried by the shaft, and at least one permanent magnet carried by the housing, wherein the at least one armature and the at least one permanent magnet are disposed such that a current is induced in the armature when the shaft is rotated with respect to the housing.

id-JP2011084114A    abstract-[challenges] we provide a power unit that can realize miniaturization and reduction of manufacturing cost, and increase the degree of design freedom. The power device 1 has engine 3 and the first and second rotators 11 and 21, and drives the drive wheel DW with these powers. The first rotating machine 11 has the first stator 13 and the first and second rotor 14 and 15, and the ratio between the number of armature magnetic poles generated in the stator 13, the number of magnetic poles of the first rotor 14 and the number of soft magnetic core 15a of the second rotor 15 is 1: M is set to be (1 + m) / 2 (m  1). Start engine 3 by controlling the first rotation machine 11 and the second rotation machine 21 when any of the execution conditions of purge control processing, PCV operation, catalyst heating control processing and auxiliary machine control processing are satisfied (steps 1, 4, 7, 10 to 18). Select diagram in figure 20.
id-US9376022B2    abstract-A dynamic battery emulator for replacing and mimicking the characteristics of a battery in a portable electronic device when the device is located in or on a vehicle can include a power control module capable of varying its output voltage to adapt to the voltage requirements of an attached portable electronic device; an input for conveying electrical power from the vehicle's electrical system to the power control module; an output for providing electrical power to the portable electronic device; an output for communicating a control signal from the power adaptor to the portable electronic device to selectively turn on and off the portable electronic device; a battery replacement module configured to replace the battery in a portable electronic device and including battery replacement circuitry for transferring electrical power from the power control module to the portable electronic device via the output for providing electrical power; an ignition sense controller for determining the power state of the vehicle's electrical system; and in communication with the ignition sense controller, at least one timer and switch for reducing the conveyance of electrical power from the vehicle's electrical system to the portable electronic device at a predetermined time after the vehicle's ignition or electrical system is turned off.

id-US8245801B2    abstract-A hybrid electric vehicle drive system comprises a first power bus electrically coupled to a motive power subsystem and a drive wheel propulsion assembly; a second power bus electrically coupled to the first power bus and a plurality of energy storage subsystems, wherein the first power bus is configured to allow electrical power to be transmitted among the motive power subsystem, the drive wheel propulsion assembly, and the second power bus, and wherein the second power bus is configured to allow electrical power to be transmitted among the plurality of energy storage subsystems and the first power bus.

id-US9428063B2    abstract-A mild hybrid system according embodiments of the invention may include: a motor-alternator; an inverter for controlling electrical energy flow to and from the motor-alternator; an electrical energy storage for storing electrical energy generated by the motor-alternator; and a unidirectional DC/DC buck converter including a bypass means for providing a physical connection between the motor-alternator and a vehicle electrical load. With the system, the manufacturing cost can be reduced, packaging process can be simplified, and an additional cooling device is not required.

id-EP2498375B1    abstract-

id-US8788144B2    abstract-A method for adjusting braking in a vehicle having wheels and a regenerative braking system is provided. The method comprises the steps of providing regenerative braking torque for the vehicle via the regenerative braking system at a first level if a wheel slip of the vehicle is not present, and providing regenerative braking torque for the vehicle via the regenerative braking system at one of a plurality of modulated levels if the wheel slip is present. Each of the plurality of modulated levels is dependent on a magnitude, a location, or both, of the wheel slip. Each of the modulated levels is less than the first level.

id-JP5382341B2    abstract-

id-US20120231926A1    abstract-A method is provided for controlling a drive unit of a motor vehicle with an automatic or automated transmission. The drive unit includes at least one drive motor, which generates a drive torque in an overrun mode. The drive torque acts as a drag torque or as a creep torque on the drive wheels as a function of the current speed. The level of the drive torque in the overrun mode can be at least partially controlled by actuating a brake pedal. The drag torque applied to the drive wheels in the overrun mode can be controlled by actuating the brake pedal in such a way that a reduced drag torque dependent on the actuation of the brake pedal is applied to the drive wheels.

id-WO2011064041A1    abstract-The secondary propulsion system (2), or (1) shows that this first axis (20) and second axis (40 years) are composed of at least two wheels (3) : the first axis (20) will use the first Antriebseinrichtung(21, 22, 23, 24), and the second axis (40 years) will indicate that one will use the second Antr iebseinrichtung(41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 47).
id-US20120265388A1    abstract-A vehicle equipped for power take off operation using direct application of power from a hybrid electric powertrain. A body computer connects to the controller area network to receive chassis input signals. A controller area network has an electronic control module, a transmission control module, and a hybrid control module. The electronic control module electrically connects to the transmission control module and the hybrid control module. A data link based remote power module is installed on the vehicle for generating body demand signals for initiating operation of the vehicle hybrid electric powertrain for a power take off operation. A plurality of PTO request switches are electrically connected to the controller area network. The body computer is programmable to accept a signal from at least one of the PTO request switches to change an operating state of the power take off operation.

id-WO2011062307A1    abstract-The invention relates to a power generating device for a vehicle that provides electricity as a power source for a vehicle that is powered by electricity, such as an electric or hybrid vehicle, by producing electricity using the pressure authorized on the wheels of the vehicle during the vehicle's drive.  vehicle power plant according to the invention of vehicle wheel mounted on wheels, above the ground when rotating wheels passed through pressure by developing a number of pressure PZT with development module, which contains the above list, generating module in advanced electrical congratulatory telegrams to remind remind, congratulatory telegrams and development module and connecting unit is electrically connected to the capacitors.  development modules are tires in above the wheel flange to be covered by supported above, absence of support installed on PZT installed above pressure remind remind, connection units, include supporting wheel is installed on the axle and work on the side of contact terminals, which extend along the circumference direction, rotating disk and the work in above development module and electrically connected to the above the rotating disk is attached to the power connection elements and, It is desirable to have contact connections that are supported on the body or frame of the vehicle and have brushes that touch the above two contact terminals.
id-WO2011064846A1    abstract-Power converter 2 drives induction machine 1 according to any dq axis voltage instructions Vd * and Vq *; and control part 40 controls power converter 2 according to external power command P and brake command B. The control part 40 is detected by induction machine 1. According to the phase current information iu, iv and iw, the dq/three-phase conversion part 10, the power line command P, the brake command B and the dq axis current detection value id and IQ, which are converted into the dq axis current detection value id and IQ on the orthogonal rotation coordinate, can be used to convert the phase current information iu, iv and iw into the dq axis current detection value id and IQ on the power converter 2. When the axis voltage commands Vd * and Vq * are calculated, the speed judgment part 4 is used to determine that the speed of induction machine 1 is zero, and the brake command B is changed to the power control command P, and the speed judgment part 4 is used to determine that the speed of induction machine 1 is zero, the power control part 4 determines that the speed of induction machine 1 is zero, and the power control part 4 determines that the speed of induction machine 1 is zero. Resistance calculation part 5 is used to calculate the resistance value of induction machine 1 based on the command P and d axis current detection value id and d axis voltage directive Vd *.
id-JP2011101561A    abstract-[issues] in some cases, the execution value of regenerative braking force cannot be obtained properly due to communication delays, etc. In the braking control device 15, the brake ECU70 sets the target braking force that should be applied to the vehicle 1. In order to apply the target braking force to the vehicle 1, the target braking force should be applied to the vehicle 1 through the regenerative braking unit 10. The target friction damping force to be applied to vehicle 1 is calculated by the hydraulic brake unit 20. The brake ECU70 maintains the corresponding relationship between the vehicle speed and the maximum regenerative power that can be given to the vehicle 1 by the regenerative brake unit 10, and obtains the maximum regenerative power corresponding to the detected vehicle speed in the corresponding relationship. When the detected vehicle speed is within the specified speed range, the target regenerative braking force and the target friction braking force are calculated based on the maximum regenerative braking force acquired. Selection diagram: figure 1
