id-US20220212542A1    abstract-A vehicle includes an electric machine and a controller. The controller is programmed to, in response to releasing an accelerator pedal during a first driving scenario that is based on a first set of navigation data, increase regenerative braking torque of the electric machine to a first value. The controller is further programmed to, in response to releasing the accelerator pedal during a second driving scenario that is based on a second set of navigation data, increase the regenerative braking torque of the electric machine to a second value that is less than the first value.

id-US20220219676A1    abstract-A vehicle control system for reducing turn radius of a vehicle may include a controller and a torque control module operably coupled to the controller and to front wheels of a front axle of the vehicle and rear wheels of a rear axle of the vehicle. The controller may also be operably coupled to components and/or sensors of the vehicle to receive information including vehicle wheel speed and steering wheel angle. The torque control module may be operable, responsive to control by the controller, to apply a negative torque to an inside rear wheel during a turn and apply a positive torque to the front axle during the turn to compensate for the negative torque applied to the inside rear wheel to reduce the turn radius based on the steering wheel angle and the vehicle speed.

id-US20220227237A1    abstract-A method of operating a vehicle includes a vehicle controller receiving an operator-input vehicle control command with an associated torque request, and identifying any propulsion actuator constraints that limit a brake torque capacity available from the vehicle powertrain. Using the propulsion actuator constraint(s) and torque request, the controller determines a propulsion brake torque distribution for the vehicle's road wheels and a maximum brake torque capacity for the powertrain actuator(s). A first brake torque request is determined using the propulsion brake torque distribution and a vehicle control mode of the powertrain system, and a second brake torque request is determined using the maximum brake torque capacity and the vehicle control mode. A friction brake torque command is determined by arbitrating between the first and second brake torque requests. The vehicle controller transmits the friction brake torque command to the friction brake system and a powertrain brake command to the powertrain actuator(s).

id-WO2022157145A1    abstract-A method for managing power consumption of a railway vehicle is provided. The power consumption of the railway vehicle is managed by a central control unit of the railway vehicle. The central control unit receives information representing an amount of electrical traction power required for traction or generated by electrodynamic braking based on a traction demand set by the driver of the railway vehicle. The central control unit additionally receives information representing an amount of electrical auxiliary power demanded by auxiliary devices from control units of the respective auxiliary devices. The total available electrical power, which can be provided by the energy supply line for the railway vehicle, is determined. The central control unit prioritizes operation of the auxiliary devices based on the total available electrical power and the electrical traction power required for traction to selectively reduce consumption of electrical energy by all or selected auxiliary devices if a sum of the electrical traction power required for traction and the electrical auxiliary power demanded by auxiliary devices exceeds the total available electrical power.

id-US11712961B2    abstract-A dual-rotor in-wheel motor based on an axial magnetic field and a control method thereof are provided. The dual-rotor in-wheel motor includes an axle and a hub. The axle is fixedly connected to a frame. The hub relatively rotates around the axle. A disc-shaped intermediate stator is fixedly connected on the axle. A left coil assembly and a right coil assembly are fixedly mounted on two sides of the intermediate stator, respectively. A left rotor and a right rotor are respectively arranged on the two sides of the intermediate stator. The left coil assembly drives the left rotor to rotate, and the right coil assembly drives the right rotor to rotate. A left clutch is arranged between the left rotor and the hub, and a right clutch and a speed reduction mechanism are arranged between the right rotor and the hub.

id-EP4063174A1    abstract-[Problem to be Solved]Provided is a control device for a vehicle that makes it possible to adjust deceleration while securing a regeneration amount.[Solution]In the case where an accelerator operation has been performed during execution of a fuel cut and regeneration (YES in step S2) and where the operation amount of the accelerator operation is smaller than a predetermined accelerator operation amount (NO in step S3), the ECM (50) maintains the fuel cut, and decreases the regeneration amount of the regeneration depending on increase in the operation amount of the accelerator operation (step S4). In the case where the operation amount of the accelerator operation has reached the predetermined accelerator operation amount (YES in step S3), the ECM (50) ends the fuel cut, and increases the regeneration amount (step S5). The predetermined accelerator operation amount is set to an operation amount when the regeneration amount decreases to zero.

id-WO2022161602A1    abstract-A wheel module (300) arranged to generate torque (M) to accelerate and to decelerate a heavy-duty vehicle (100). The wheel module (300) comprises at least one electric machine (310) arranged for regenerative braking, an eddy current braking device (320), and an electronic control unit, ECU, (330). The wheel module (300) further comprises a communications port (350) arranged for communication with an external control unit (101) and a power distribution network (340) arranged to connect the electric machine (310) to the eddy current braking device (320) and to a power port (360) arranged to input and to output electrical power to and from the wheel module (300). The ECU (330) is arranged to obtain configuration data via the communications port (350) indicative of a maximum output power of the power port (360), and to control the power distribution network (340) to maintain the output power of the power port (360) below the maximum output power by distributing power from the at least one electric machine (310) between the eddy current braking device (320) and the power port (360).

id-US20220219775A1    abstract-An electronic bicycle includes a torque control system that controls what torque is applied to wheels of the electronic bicycle by electronic hub motors. The torque control system may determine a torque to apply to the wheels based on user input signals. The torque control system also may detect when the wheels of the electronic bicycle are slipping, and adjust the torque to minimize the time that the wheel is slipping. Additionally, the torque control system may determine a coefficient of friction between the wheels and the ground and determine a maximum torque to apply to the wheels based on the coefficient of friction. Furthermore, when braking, the torque control system may determine whether torque is applied to the wheels by passive braking or by active braking.

id-JP2022112913A    abstract-[challenges] develop an appropriate driving plan taking into account restricted areas. The vehicle control device 20 divides the scheduled driving route to the destination of the vehicle 2 into multiple driving sections, and makes a driving plan that sets each driving section to run in any driving mode of EV mode or HV mode. A part and a power control part that controls the internal combustion engine 211 and the rotating electric motor 214 based on the running plan. When the running section exists in the pre-set limited area, the running section that exists in the limited area is expected to run during the limited period of the driving of internal combustion engine 211. The running section is the limited running section. Extract the interval and create a driving plan that can run in EV mode in the restricted running section. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20220233376A1    abstract-A small electric vehicle includes: a vehicle body that has a forward and backward direction, and a width direction; left and right driving wheels provided apart in the width direction of the vehicle body; left and right motors connected so as to respectively transmit power to the left and right driving wheels; an operation unit that includes a joystick-type operation piece; and a control unit for controlling the left and right motors according to an amount of operation on the operation piece, wherein the control unit is configured to execute deceleration and stop control when the operation piece is returned to the neutral position during travel, and execute rapid stop control irrespective of an amount of operation in left and right directions when the operation piece is tilted backward during forward travel at a speed equal to or greater than a predetermined threshold.

id-US20220242251A1    abstract-A vehicle control apparatus controls a traveling motor coupled to wheels. The vehicle control apparatus includes a torque setting unit and a motor control unit. The torque setting unit sets a first target torque and a second target torque as target torques of the traveling motor. The first target torque changes based on an accelerator operation performed by a vehicle' s driver. The second target torque changes more gradually than the first target torque. The motor control unit controls the traveling motor based on the first target torque or the second target torque. When the vehicle is moved forward without the accelerator operation, the torque setting unit sets the first target torque and the second target torque to a regenerative side. When the vehicle having been stopped is moved forward without the accelerator operation, the motor control unit controls the traveling motor based on the first target torque.

id-US20220227233A1    abstract-Look-ahead deceleration assistance control includes: accelerator-off guidance control that is control to, when a target location related to deceleration of an electrically-powered vehicle is set, notify a driver of information prompting the driver to release an accelerator pedal; and regeneration increasing control that is control to, when the target location related to deceleration of the electrically-powered vehicle is set, increase a braking force generated by a motor generator as compared to when the target location is not set. The strong regeneration control is control to, when the strong regeneration mode is set by a switch operating unit, increase the braking force in a state where the accelerator pedal is released as compared to the normal mode. The control apparatus is configured to, when the strong regeneration mode is set by the switch operating unit, execute the strong regeneration control and not execute the look-ahead deceleration assistance control.

id-WO2022155760A1    abstract-Motor-generator combination acceleration engine with load power infinite endurance system, the use of motor-generator combination structure as the engine to replace the fuel engine, two symmetrical binary structure motor-generator as the main traction power, the other two motor-generator as the charging endurance power; Capacity power progressive charging and discharging four-stage battery pack to achieve unlimited battery life with load power in seconds.
id-US20230121548A1    abstract-A dual-rotor in-wheel motor based on an axial magnetic field and a control method thereof are provided. The dual-rotor in-wheel motor includes an axle and a hub. The axle is fixedly connected to a frame. The hub relatively rotates around the axle. A disc-shaped intermediate stator is fixedly connected on the axle. A left coil assembly and a right coil assembly are fixedly mounted on two sides of the intermediate stator, respectively. A left rotor and a right rotor are respectively arranged on the two sides of the intermediate stator. The left coil assembly drives the left rotor to rotate, and the right coil assembly drives the right rotor to rotate. A left clutch is arranged between the left rotor and the hub, and a right clutch and a speed reduction mechanism are arranged between the right rotor and the hub.

id-US20220228348A1    abstract-The available power surge capacity of a battery is detected. The available steady state regeneration energy capacity of the battery is also detected. The available battery generation power, available from an electric motor, is detected as well. The generation power available from the electric motor is applied to regenerate (or recharge) the battery based upon the available power surge capacity, and the available steady state capacity of the battery.

id-JP2022116786A    abstract-[challenges] to ensure the necessary braking force is generated, and to generate a favorable pitch behavior that matches the driver's feeling. Solution: a braking control system for a vehicle 10 with friction braking device 30, regenerative braking device 40 and ECU50 (control device) that controls these braking devices 30 and 40. Ecu 50 determines the target braking force (first braking force) and the target regenerative braking force (second braking force) based on the target braking force. Part 53 and the braking control part 51 control each braking device 30 and 40 so that the determined braking force is generated in the vehicle 10. The braking force determination unit 53 determines the target friction damping force and the target regenerative damping force, so that the combination of the target friction damping force and the target regenerative damping force becomes the target braking force, and the pitch behavior specified by the pre-set pitch behavior model is generated in the vehicle 10. I do. Selection diagram: figure 5
id-US20220227232A1    abstract-A braking control system includes a regenerative brake controller, a friction brake controller, and a master controller. The regenerative brake controller, in response to absence of expected communication between the master controller and regenerative brake controller, decreases regenerative braking. The master controller, in response to detecting the decrease in regenerative braking, commands the friction brake controller to increase friction braking.

id-WO2022164414A2    abstract-The invention is an electric vehicle charging system, in its most general form, comprises an electric charger vehicle (1) comprising at least one battery group (2) for charging an electric vehicle (3), at least one foldable solar panel (5) arranged to charge the battery group (2), the electric vehicle (3) and the electric charger vehicle (1) itself and a control system having a controller and battery management module (11) for controlling of charging processes, at least one solar power plant (13) arranged for charging the battery group (2), the electric charger vehicle (1) and the electric vehicle (3), and a terminal (12) comprising an application arranged to provide users to establish a connection with the electric charger vehicle (1), to control and monitor the charging processes and to make payments.

id-JP2022109066A    abstract-[challenges] to provide a vehicle control device that can prevent drivers from feeling uncomfortable when the braking light is on. [solution] the braking force generated in the vehicle 1 is determined according to the driving motor 3 that can output the regenerative torque, the meter 2 that displays the braking force generated in the vehicle 1, and the braking force generated in the vehicle 1. Eu5 controls the lighting or extinguishing of the stopping light 4 according to the above, and displays the stopping force generated by the vehicle 1 on the meter 2 in a way that can judge the lighting status of the stopping light 4. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20220250715A1    abstract-Conveyance vehicles such as snow bikes and snowmobiles having an endless track system driven by a combustion engine are enhanced in performance with a torque assist system. The torque assist system includes an electric motor that is coupled to drive the track in parallel with the original internal combustion engine through either its own track drive, or through the drive system of the engine. The motor can be a spindle drive motor or hub motor. Torque assist is generated through a torque assist throttle input coupled to a motor controller. A battery temperature assist system diverts heated cooling fluid from the engine cooling system to heat the battery through its own heat exchanger. The controller is coupled to a processing device such as a smart phone that executes apps configured to provide parametric data to the controller and to receive parametric data from the controller through a user interface.

id-US20220266668A1    abstract-A powertrain for an electric vehicle may include a motor, a planetary gear set including at least two sun gears, a three-stage pinion having three different diameters and provided as a planetary gear, a planet carrier provided as a rotation axis of the planetary gear and directly connected to a differential case of a differential device, and a ring gear fixed to a transmission housing, and at least two clutches provided to selectively transmit power of the motor to the sun gears of the planetary gear set.

id-US20220274490A1    abstract-A device and method determines available regenerative braking energy in a route for a target vehicle. The device is in communication with a navigation unit and is configured to split the at least one route between a source and a destination into multiple segments followed by determining vehicular data of the target vehicle. The device determines available/recoverable regenerative braking energy in the at least one route for the target vehicle based on selective vehicular data of other vehicles similar to the target vehicle, which have travelled through the at least one route. The device is configured to dynamically predict the available regenerative braking energy originating from random longitudinal deceleration maneuvers for the chosen route from source location to the chosen destination location for any hybrid or electric vehicle. The device improves fuel efficiency and reduces emissions.

id-US20220258754A1    abstract-A vehicle control device configured to control a driving motor coupled to a wheel of a vehicle includes a motor controller and a driving mode determiner. The motor controller is configured to control the driving motor so that the driving motor enters a regenerative state while the vehicle is coasting and stops accelerating. The driving mode determiner is configured to determine whether the vehicle is in a first or second driving mode. In the first driving mode, a driving operation strength is low and the vehicle behavior is slow and gentle. In the second driving mode, the driving operation strength is high and the vehicle behavior is quick and active. When the vehicle stops accelerating in the second driving mode, the motor controller is configured to make a regenerative torque of the driving motor smaller than when the vehicle stops accelerating in the first driving mode.

id-WO2022172992A1    abstract-The fuel cell system 21 includes a control device 40 that switches the power generation state of the fuel cell 22 based on the charging state of the power storage device 25 to control the power generated by the fuel cell 22. The generation state includes the first generation state in which the fuel cell (22) generates the first generation power; the second generation state in which the fuel cell (22) generates the second generation power greater than the first generation power; and the third generation state in which the fuel cell (22) generates the second generation power greater than the second generation power The third generation state, which generates electricity, is included. The control device 40 calculates the power reference value representing the power generation performance of the fuel cell 22 from the power generated by the detected fuel cell 22, and updates the second power generation power according to the power reference value.
id-US20220242253A1    abstract-An electric vehicle includes a rotating electrical machine; a motor case that accommodates the rotating electrical machine; a cooling mechanism that supplies oil to the rotating electrical machine and cools the rotating electrical machine; an inverter that drives the rotating electrical machine; and a connecting member that electrically connects the inverter and the rotating electrical machine, wherein the electric vehicle is of a structure in which the inverter is integrated with the motor case, the cooling mechanism includes a supply port provided inside the motor case at a position upward from the rotating electrical machine to discharge the oil to the connecting member, and the connecting member includes a portion provided inwardly in a radial direction from an outer periphery of the rotating electrical machine inside the motor case, at a position upward from a rotation center of the rotating electrical machine and downward from the supply port.

id-US20220266716A1    abstract-A device and a method for controlling an SOC of a battery of a hybrid vehicle are provided. The device includes at least one processor, and the processor sets a battery SOC at a time of terminating operation of the vehicle by activating a SOC setting function when a destination is set. The processor further determines whether the set battery SOC is equal to or less than a SOC chargeable with a high efficiency, and performs battery SOC control such that a battery SOC reaches the set battery SOC at a time of arrival at the destination of the vehicle when the set battery SOC is equal to or less than the SOC chargeable with the high efficiency.

id-US20220266806A1    abstract-A technique controls an electric brake of a vehicle. The technique involves continuously providing power to the electric brake of the vehicle to continuously disengage the electric brake and allow the vehicle to move. The technique further involves, while power is continuously provided to the electric brake and the vehicle is moving, sensing a fault condition. The technique further involves, in response to sensing the fault condition, providing electric pulses to the electric brake in place of continuously providing power to the electric brake, the electric pulses having varying pulse timing that controls braking of the vehicle. Accordingly, the vehicle is able to provide a more consistent braking response regardless of variations in certain factors such as brake calibration and/or current wear, the current weight in the vehicle, the current temperature, etc.

id-JP2022125595A    abstract-[challenges] we will provide a braking control device for industrial vehicles that can suppress the interruption of regenerative braking in automatic driving on a downslope without the need for brake pedal operation. [solution] the braking control device of industrial vehicles has a driving motor that generates regenerative braking power and a mechanical brake that generates mechanical braking force as braking parts, and the battery is charged by the regenerative braking force. The braking control device of an industrial vehicle consists of a vehicle speed information acquisition unit to obtain the speed information of an industrial vehicle, a regenerative current acquisition unit to obtain the regenerative current of a running motor, and a regenerative power control unit to set the target speed to the speed of an industrial vehicle, based on the vehicle speed information. The automatic driving control unit for automatic driving according to the required braking force; Select diagram: figure 4
id-WO2022167166A1    abstract-It would be A procedure for the folks to use an electric Antriebsmaschine(day) vehicle, but the folks would be at least partially carried out by exposing the Antriebsmaschine(day), relatively speaking, the method consists of the following steps: Step (A): Generate Generatorleistung(3) by Antrie bsmaschine(day) by Antriebsmaschine(day) by Fahrzeugschwung power; Step 1 (B): Raise the first voltage level with the thruster (1) drive to regulate the power (3) required; Step (C) provides the required power (3) and displays a machine, vehicle, computer software product, and a disk.
id-WO2022177550A1    abstract-A system for controlling a plurality of electric axles of a vehicle is disclosed, comprising: the plurality of electric axles, one or more motor generators associated with one or more of the plurality of electric axles, and a multi-axle controller communicatively coupled to the one or more motor generators and configured to execute software to cause the multi-axle controller to: determine a power demand of the vehicle based at least in part on one or more parameters of each electric axle and current and/or future road grade; generate a performance cost function associated with one or more performance metrics, the power demand, and/or the vehicle information; determine a power distribution among the plurality of electric axles by optimizing the performance cost function; and transmit a traction command to the one or more motor generators to control the operation of the plurality of electric axles.

id-US20220302737A1    abstract-A power supply system includes: a first power circuit having a first battery and a first power line; a second power circuit having a second battery and a second power line; a voltage converter; a power converter; a first voltage acquisition unit which acquires a first closed circuit voltage lower limit CCVmin1 of the first battery; a second voltage acquisition unit which acquires a second closed circuit voltage lower limit CCVmin2 of the second battery; and a power control unit which operates the second power circuit based on a requested power, in which the power control unit isolates the second battery from the second power lines, in a case of a voltage difference between the first closed circuit voltage lower limit CCVmin1 and the second closed circuit voltage lower limit CCVmin2 becoming less than a first voltage threshold value A while output limitation of the second battery is being requested.

id-US20220306074A1    abstract-A driving control device that is mounted on a vehicle including an electric motor and an internal combustion engine as power sources includes a processor. The processor is configured to: acquire a destination of the vehicle; acquire a past driving history from a point of departure to the destination; acquire a desired state of charge that is a state of charge of a battery desired when the vehicle arrives at the destination; estimate a predicted amount of regenerative energy based on the driving history; set a first section and a second section based on the predicted amount of regenerative energy and the desired state of charge; and control driving of the vehicle based on the first section and the second section.

id-US20220314810A1    abstract-Methods, systems, and apparatus for a continuously adaptable braking pedal system. The braking system includes an electric motor that is configured to generate regenerative energy and provide a regenerative braking torque. The braking system includes an electronic control unit coupled to the electric motor. The electronic control unit is configured to determine an amount of the regenerative braking torque to be applied based on an adaptable pedal map and an amount of braking force. The electronic control unit is configured to control an amount of the regenerative braking torque to be applied.

id-US20220289072A1    abstract-A device for controlling a battery for a vehicle is provided to maintain a battery temperature representing the optimal charging efficiency when the battery reaches a charging time point. The device determines the charging time point of a battery used in a hybrid vehicle and an electric vehicle, and adjusts the battery temperature based on a status of charge (SoC) of the battery at the determined charging time point.

id-US20220289038A1    abstract-A regenerative braking control system for a vehicle can include one or more user interface elements located in a cabin of the vehicle. The user interface element(s) can correspond to a plurality of regenerative braking settings. Each of the regenerative braking setting(s) can correspond to a different amount of regenerative braking torque to apply to the wheel(s) of the vehicle. The system can include a processor operatively connected to the user interface element(s). The processor can be configured to detect a condition, the condition being at least one of a weight of the vehicle, a center of gravity of the vehicle, a weight of a trailer operatively connected to the vehicle, and a center of gravity of a trailer operatively connected to the vehicle. The processor can be configured to cause the amount of regenerative braking torque for the regenerative braking setting(s) to be adjusted based on the condition.

id-JP2022150874A    abstract-[issue] we provide an all-solid-state lithium-ion battery control system that can improve safety. [solution] an all-solid-state lithium-ion battery control system installed in the vehicle that exceeds the first regulation SOC of the all-solid-state lithium-ion battery connected to the driving motor of the vehicle and in normal operation A control unit that controls the input and output of current to and from the all-solid-state lithium ion battery. The all-solid-state lithium ion battery contains lithium titanate in the negative electrode, and the control unit controls the charging capacity of the all-solid-state lithium ion battery due to overcurrent Calculate the limit SOC drop based on the total SOC drop, and control the all-solid-state lithium-ion battery based on the SOC drop based on the limit SOC drop. Do it. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-JP2022146000A    abstract-[issue] in the braking control device applied to vehicles equipped with regenerative braking devices on the front and rear wheels, it is possible to optimize the adjustment of the front and rear distribution of braking force during regenerative braking. [solution] the braking force required for the front and rear wheels is calculated so that the sum of the braking force required for the whole vehicle and the braking force required for the front and rear wheels is consistent, and the ratio of the braking force required for the front and the rear wheels is constant. Front and rear wheel regenerative braking force, which can be determined by the working state of the regenerative braking device, is obtained. When the required braking force of the front and rear wheels is less than the required braking force of the front and rear wheels, the required braking force of the front and rear wheels is achieved only by the required braking force of the front and rear wheels. When the required braking force of the front and rear wheels is greater than the limiting braking force of the front and rear wheels, the required braking force of the front and rear wheels is achieved by the braking force of the front and rear wheels regenerative control and the friction force of the front and rear wheels. Select diagram: figure 3
id-US20220289036A1    abstract-A regenerative braking control system for a vehicle can include one or more user interface elements located in a cabin of the vehicle. The one or more user interface elements can correspond to a plurality of regenerative braking settings. Each of the plurality of regenerative braking settings can correspond to a different amount of regenerative braking torque to apply to one or more wheels of the vehicle. The regenerative braking control system can include a processor operatively connected to the user interface elements. The processor can be configured to detect a condition, the condition can be the usage of the plurality of regenerative braking settings by an operator of the vehicle. Responsive to detecting the condition, the processor can be configured to cause the amount of regenerative braking torque for one or more of the plurality of regenerative braking settings to be adjusted based on the condition.

id-US20220281326A1    abstract-A speed-command generating unit incorporated with an electric vehicle having a throttle module, a mechanical brake and a motor is disclosed and includes: a computation module for generating a computation value of a speed-command according to a throttle operating signal from the throttle module, a sensing module for detecting an activated status of the mechanical brake, a selecting module for providing a braking approach selecting signal, a trimming module for setting a trimming flag according to the activated status of the mechanical brake of last cycle, and a switching module connected therewith. The switching module generates different output values of the speed-command for the motor according to different foundations depending on the content of the trimming flag when the mechanical brake is inactivated in this cycle, and generates the output value according to the content of the braking approach selecting signal when the mechanical brake is activated in this cycle.

id-US20220289037A1    abstract-A regenerative braking control system for a vehicle can include one or more user interface elements located in a cabin of the vehicle. The one or more user interface elements can correspond to a plurality of regenerative braking settings. Each of the plurality of regenerative braking settings can correspond to a different amount of regenerative braking torque to apply to one or more wheels of the vehicle. The regenerative braking control system can include a processor operatively connected to the user interface elements. The processor can be configured to detect a condition. The condition can one or more driving environment conditions. Responsive to detecting the condition, the processor can be configured to cause the amount of regenerative braking torque for one or more of the plurality of regenerative braking settings to be adjusted based on the condition.

id-JP7082700B1    abstract-The system is equipped with an induction generator with a primary winding including the main winding and the auxiliary winding. [solution] the maximum current value of the power converter 7 is set based on the maximum output PAuxMax of the auxiliary winding of the induction generator 2 and the minimum voltage VAuxMin of the auxiliary winding of the traveling inverter 4 when it is not regenerative operation. The no-load current value of the induction generator 2 is set so that the maximum current IAuxMaxRet of the auxiliary winding during the regenerative operation of the traveling inverter 4 does not exceed the maximum current of the power converter 7. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2022211152A1    abstract-본 invention electric cars braking operation system, more detail about brake rigging by the ministry of mechanical braking and revitalize 전식 braking energy with wealth so that they can operate easy and rapid to recharge by 전식 braking operation of possible configurations of devices, simple and inexpensive, and shortens the braking distance sliding with soft without braking, and facilitate the It is about an electric vehicle braking operation system that allows the operation of the rechargeable braking unit to be controlled by rotating the brake operation unit so that the operation control of the rechargeable braking unit can be easily controlled.
id-JP7240430B2    abstract-

id-WO2022185463A1    abstract-A first motor generator (1) for power generation driven by an internal combustion engine (2) and a second motor generator (4) for running driven by a battery (5). It obtains information beyond the current road, and predicts whether the SOC of the battery (5) will exceed the maximum HL by the regenerative power on the downhill road. When it is predicted that the maximum HL will be exceeded, it will run the EV in advance to lower the SOC, and then use some of the regenerative power to empty the internal combustion engine (2) while running down the slope. As the charging power of battery (5) decreases accordingly, the temperature rise of battery (5) is suppressed.
id-US20220302531A1    abstract-A thermally-conductive battery cell includes: a battery cell including two or more terminals that is configured to store electrical energy; and a thermally-conductive surface positioned about at least a portion of the periphery of the battery cell and configured to allow internally-generated thermal energy to be thermally conducted about at least a portion of the periphery of the battery cell.

id-US20220297549A1    abstract-Pickup trucks with an internal combustion engine (ICE), all electric, hybrid, plug in hybrid, must walk on loading flat bed, to load or unload, two stationary side walls, one-fold down tail gate, two taillights one on each side at the rear next to the fold down tail gate. With two full doors, with two full doors and with two smaller rear doors, or four full doors. It takes less compressed clean air to drive the DC alternators or DC generators from the compressed clean air engine. Also, the vehicle does drive 100% electric. A combination 100% electric and 100% compressed clean air system. No other vehicle has this kind of system.

id-US20220289330A1    abstract-An electric bicycle includes a frame that has a concave or arc shape. The bicycle also includes two wheels—a front wheel and a rear wheel, with each wheel being connected with an end portion of the frame. A battery-powered electric motor may be connected with the rear wheel to drive the rear wheel and propel the bicycle forward. The battery may be rechargeable. The speed of the bicycle may be controlled by the operator moving a lever with one of their feet. A rotatable knob located on the frame may be used as a cruise control speed setting device. The electric bicycle may be steered by the operator using their feet resting on a pair of foot pegs that are attached to or connected with the front wheel. The electric bicycle may include a regenerative braking system or a friction braking system.

id-US20220281436A1    abstract-A system and a method for controlling shifting stage of a hybrid vehicle may include a speed detecting device that detects a vehicle speed, an automatic transmission that changes a shifting stage of the vehicle, and a shift controller connected to the speed detecting device and the automatic transmission. The shift controller is configured to determine a start of shift control based on a travel environment and a travel state of the vehicle, compares the vehicle speed with a target vehicle speed when the start of the shift control is determined, and performs the shift control based on a state of charge of a battery of the vehicle and a regenerative braking amount of the vehicle when the shift controller concludes that the vehicle speed exceeds the target vehicle speed.

id-WO2022212343A1    abstract-A powertrain for an electric vehicle has a driveshaft connected to two or more motors where each motor is connected to a battery pack associated with that motor. A controller is used to select one or more motors to be energized for propulsion or used for regenerative braking to recharge the battery pack to which it is coupled. The controller can optimize the state of charge (SOC) difference of the battery packs and provide for a smooth and efficient powering of the vehicle for acceleration and climbing and optimize the range of the vehicle by management of the relative SOC of the battery packs. The electric vehicle can include two or more fuel cells that individually coupled to a motor.

id-WO2022201927A1    abstract-The purpose of the present invention is to provide a dump truck drive system that can suppress the size of the converter used to control the two-winding induction generator. For this purpose, the drive system of the dump truck includes a DCDC converter connected to the main side DC bus and the auxiliary side DC bus, and the controller provides the power of the main side DC bus to the auxiliary side DC through the DCDC converter. The said DCDC converter is controlled to be fed to the bus.
id-WO2022201176A1    abstract-The present invention is directed to a system (100) for selectively operating regenerative braking in a vehicle. The system (100) includes a user-operable input device (110) for selecting a regenerative mode, a motor (120) for driving the vehicle, and a controller (130) coupled with the motor (120) and the user-operable input device (110). The controller (130) is configured to: receive an input signal corresponding to the regenerative mode selected by a user; receive a vehicle parameter; and enable or disable the regenerative braking for controlling operation of the motor (120) based on the regenerative mode selected by the user and the vehicle parameter.

id-JP2022139597A    abstract-[challenges] providing a vehicle that can reduce the power loss caused by the circulating current of the storage device. The vehicle 100 has motor generator MG, battery B1, PCU18 and control device 30. The motor generator MG is configured to generate electricity. Battery B1 is configured to store the power generated by motor generator MG. Pcu 18 is electrically connected to battery B1 and motor generator MG to drive motor generator MG. When the circulating current is generated inside battery B1 or between the inside and outside of battery B1 without flowing to PCU18, the control device 30 can generate more power from motor generator MG than when no circulating current is generated. Control PCU18 to suppress it. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-JP2022144647A    abstract-[challenges] to provide a vehicle control device, a vehicle control method, and a program that can make the timing of adding the power of the other battery to the power of the one battery appropriate in an electric vehicle equipped with two types of batteries. The first acquisition part to obtain the state of the first battery and the state of the second battery; the second acquisition part to obtain at least the first actual output power of the first battery; and the first output upper limit to calculate the second output value according to the state of the first battery. The output power control part, which calculates the second upper limit of output according to the status of the grid, controls the power conversion of the power conversion part according to the calculated upper limit of output, the required power from the vehicle to the motor, and the first actual output power. When the power control department determines the output instruction content of the repeated power conversion instruction, it determines the output instruction content according to the difference between the last request power and the first actual output power, so as to output the power corrected for the current request power. Select diagram: figure 3
id-JP2022145999A    abstract-[issue] in a braking control device applied to a vehicle equipped with a regenerative braking device on the front and rear wheels, even if there are constraints on the generation of the front and rear braking force, the relationship between them can be optimized. [solution] the actuator supplies the front wheel braking fluid pressure and the rear wheel braking fluid pressure above the front wheel braking fluid pressure to generate the front and rear wheel friction damping power. The controller calculates the target driving force of the whole vehicle, and calculates the required driving force of the front and rear wheels, so that the sum of the required braking force of the front and rear wheels is consistent with the target driving force, and the ratio of the required braking force of the front and rear wheels to the required braking force is a certain value. . In addition, the front wheel, the rear wheel regenerative braking device can generate the front wheel, the rear wheel limit regenerative power is acquired. The rear wheel limit braking force is calculated by multiplying the front wheel limit braking force by a certain value, and the rear wheel limit braking force and the smaller of the rear wheel limit braking force are determined as the rear wheel reference braking force. Then, based on the rear wheel reference braking force, the rear wheel regenerative braking power is limited. Select diagram: figure 4
id-WO2022205654A1    abstract-There is provided an electric traction system (1), comprising: a step-down transformer (35) comprising a primary winding (36) for operatively coupling to an AC power supply (40) and a secondary winding (37) which is inductively coupled to the primary winding (36); a traction converter module (2) comprising a first input terminal (4) and a second input terminal (6) which are operatively coupled to the secondary winding (37), and a plurality of AC-to-AC power converters (11), each of which comprises first and second input nodes (3, 5) configured to receive AC power and output nodes (9) configured to supply AC power, wherein the first and second input nodes (3, 5) of the plurality of AC-to-AC power converters (11) are electrically connected in series between the first input terminal (4) and the second input terminal (6); and at least one electric motor (25) configured to be driven by the traction converter module (2).

id-US20220297691A1    abstract-A method detects unintended acceleration of a motor vehicle during a closed-loop speed control mode by determining external forces on the vehicle via a controller, and then calculating a desired acceleration using a measured vehicle speed and the external forces. The method includes determining an actual acceleration of the vehicle, including filtering a speed signal as a first actual acceleration value and/or measuring a second actual acceleration value using an inertial measurement unit (IMU). During the speed control mode, the method includes calculating an acceleration delta value as a difference between the desired acceleration and the actual acceleration, and then using the acceleration delta value to detect the unintended acceleration during the speed control mode. A powertrain system for the motor vehicle, e.g., an electric vehicle, includes the controller and one or more torque generating devices coupled to road wheels of the vehicle.

id-US20220305920A1    abstract-A control system for an electrified powertrain of a battery electric vehicle (BEV) includes an accelerator pedal and a controller configured to determine maximum and minimum values for driver pedal position based on a first position of the accelerator pedal indicative of a first driver pedal position, determine whether the accelerator pedal position remains constant relative to the first position, when the accelerator pedal position does not remain constant and moves to a second position indicative of a second driver pedal position, detect that driver pedal position is increasing when the second driver pedal position is greater than the first minimum value and setting the first maximum value to the second driver pedal position and detect decreasing driver pedal position when the second driver pedal position is less than the first maximum value and setting the minimum value to the second driver pedal position.

id-US20220340116A1    abstract-The disclosure relates to a method for operating a hydraulic braking system in a motor vehicle having a regenerative braking function. The method comprises steps that, with respect to at least two wheel brakes, a hydraulic free travel release is carried out such that, with respect to one of the at least two wheel brakes, a hydraulic passage to an accumulator is released in order to store therein at least a volume fraction of the hydraulic fluid in the event of a displacement of a hydraulic fluid. The other of the at least two wheel brakes is hydraulically isolated. The disclosure also relates to a hydraulic braking system for a motor vehicle having a regenerative braking function and a method for controlling said braking system.

id-WO2022214190A1    abstract-A method for adapting air resistance of a heavy-duty vehicle (100). The vehicle comprises at least one electric machine (111, 121, 131) arranged for regenerative braking, one or more energy absorption devices (140) arranged to receive energy from the at least one electrical machine during regenerative braking, and a variable air resistance arrangement (210, 220, 230) arranged to provide a range of different air resistances of the vehicle. The method comprises: obtaining (S1) a current energy absorption capability of the one or more energy absorption devices (140); obtaining (S3) an expected energy generation from regenerative braking during a planned route of the vehicle and during a nominal value of air resistance of the vehicle (100); determining (S4) a desired air resistance of the vehicle (100) from the range of different air resistances of the vehicle based on the current energy absorption capability and the expected energy generation; and adapting (S5) the variable air resistance arrangement (210, 220, 230) according to the desired air resistance.

id-WO2022221119A1    abstract-A system for managing storage of electrical energy can include an electromagnetic machine and a controller. The electromagnetic machine can have a rotor and a stator. The rotor can be configured to be connected to a shaft. One of the rotor or the stator can have first windings and second windings. The controller can be configured to control first circuitry and second circuitry. The first circuitry can be configured to cause energy to flow from a first energy storage device to the first windings to cause the shaft to rotate. The second circuitry can be configured to cause energy to flow selectively: (1) from a second energy storage device to the second windings to cause the shaft to rotate or (2) from the second windings to the second energy storage device to cause the second energy storage device to be charged.

id-US20220332398A1    abstract-Systems and methods for controlling the direction of propulsion of an electric vehicle are provided. According to an embodiment, a method can include receiving a first signal from a first user input device; operating an electric motor in a first direction based on the first signal to propel a watercraft in a forward direction; receiving a second signal from a second user input device; and operating the electric motor in a second direction based on the second signal to propel the watercraft in a reverse direction.

id-US20220314725A1    abstract-A control device controls a vehicle including a seat suspension which is provided between a chassis and a seat of the vehicle and restricts vibration and of which each of a spring constant and a damping coefficient is changeable and controllable. The control device detects, as vehicle information, a vehicle speed, an acceleration, a state of acceleration operation by a driver, a state of deceleration operation by the driver, and a state of steering by the driver. The control device determines, based on the vehicle information, whether the driver has driving preference of emphasizing the steering stability performance of the vehicle or driving preference of emphasizing the ride comfort performance of the vehicle, and, according to the determined driving preference, changes an acceleration of the seat by controlling the seat suspension.

id-US20220314730A1    abstract-A control device supplies regenerative electric power to increase an output of a low-voltage air conditioner when the regenerative electric power is surplus with respect to electric power that is able to be charged to a main battery as compared with a case where the regenerative electric power is not surplus with respect to the electric power that is able to be charged to the main battery. Therefore, it is possible to reduce an output (work load and electric power per unit time) of a high-voltage air conditioner required to maintain comfort of an occupant in a vehicle cabin. Therefore, it is possible to improve electric power consumption rate while maintaining comfort of the occupant in the vehicle cabin.

id-US20220348087A1    abstract-Braking of a vehicle and a trailer can be balanced when regenerative braking of the vehicle is activated. The activation of regenerative braking of the vehicle can be detected. Responsive to detecting that regenerative braking of the vehicle is activated, one or more brakes of the trailer can be caused to be activated. Thus, the braking effectiveness of the vehicle and the braking effectiveness of the trailer can be substantially balanced. As a result, a possible push force from a trailer to the vehicle towing the trailer can be reduced, which, in turn, can help to avoid unwanted movements of the trailer (e.g., swaying or jackknifing).

id-JP2022168412A    abstract-[challenges] to make it easier for the driver to select the desired regenerative braking force in the shift device of electric vehicles. The shift device 10 of the electric vehicle 1, which can switch the regenerative braking force generated by the electric motor 2 to multiple regeneration levels, includes a shift lever 11 that can freely move in the starting position and multiple shift positions. The shift lever 11 moves from the initial position to one of the shift positions by applying a force, and returns from one of the shift positions to the initial position by releasing the force. The shift position includes the up position, which switches the regeneration level to increase the regenerative braking power, and the down position, which switches the regeneration level to reduce the regenerative braking power. Up and down positions are arranged adjacent to each other across the home position. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2022222035A1    abstract-A vehicle braking method, a device (800; 1100) and electronic devices. Obtain the state SOC of charge of the power battery (B1) on the vehicle; If SOC is greater than the preset threshold of SOC, the vehicle is controlled for braking. If SOC is less than or equal to the threshold of SOC, the vehicle is controlled for braking and braking energy recovery is enabled. According to the charged state SOC of the power battery (B1) on the vehicle, the control vehicle can be determined to brake only, or the control vehicle to brake and turn on the brake energy recovery.
id-US20220355690A1    abstract-A fire fighting vehicle includes an energy storage system coupled to the chassis and a charging assembly configured to interface with a charging plug. The energy storage system includes battery cells. The charging assembly includes a housing, a charging port disposed within the housing and electrically coupled to the battery cells, a retainer positioned proximate the charging port, a first actuator, and a second actuator. The charging port is configured to engage with a charging interface of the charging plug. The retainer is configured to engage with a retaining interface of the charging plug to secure the charging interface within the charging port. The first actuator is positioned to release the retaining interface from engagement with the retainer by repositioning the retaining interface into a release position. The second actuator is positioned to eject the charging plug from the charging assembly when the retaining interface is in the release position.

id-US20220384827A1    abstract-The present disclosure provides a fuel cell system of a mobility and a method for controlling a fuel cell including a control unit configured to control a remaining current of a fuel cell to be consumed by a plurality of accessories, to select an accessory that is a target to consume the remaining current among the plurality of accessories depending upon a temperature condition and a level of a consumable power of the accessory, and to set a priority of the selected accessories.

id-US20220371576A1    abstract-A modular electric vehicle comprising a single module(s) with an electric driving system and a vehicle control unit, the modular vehicle is configured to be selectively articulated to a master vehicle and to be controlled from a selectable control source via the vehicle control unit either in a first, articulated mode, or in a second, autonomous mode. The control source may be selected to be in communication with a first gateway installed at the master vehicle or a second gateway installable at the modular vehicle. The modular electric vehicle may comprise a pair of single modules coupled to one another in tandem and in data and control communication with one another. The modules may each be configured to serve a master or a slave vehicle, so that any of the modules may serve a master vehicle, whenever required for the autonomous mode.

id-US20220363138A1    abstract-There are described herein methods and systems for operating an electric motor of a watercraft. In one method, the electric motor of the watercraft is controlled based on commands received from an accelerator of the watercraft, a sensor signal is received from at least one sensor of the watercraft while the electric motor is in operation, the sensor signal indicative of an undesirable condition of a water intake of the watercraft, and a change is effected to the controlling of the electric motor in response to receiving the sensor signal.

id-US20220355832A1    abstract-Systems and methods are described for the direct air capture and removal of Carbon Dioxide Gas (CO 2 ) from ambient environmental air at the Gigaton scale and the powering thereof with renewable energy sources utilizing Rail Transportation Equipment. Additional systems and methods are described for the removal of Emissions from Locomotives and removal of Localized Air-Pollution from urban areas and the powering thereof with renewable energy sources also utilizing Rail Transportation Equipment.

id-US20220363134A1    abstract-A vehicle includes a motor, an inverter, an inter-line short circuit, an operation circuit, and a harness. The motor is provided in a wheel. The inverter is configured to supply electric power to the motor. The inter-line short circuit is provided in the wheel and configured to cause the motor to be short-circuited when not in operation and couple the motor and the inverter when in operation. The operation circuit is provided in a vehicle body of the vehicle and configured to operate the inter-line short circuit. The harness extends between the wheel and the vehicle body. In the harness, at least one power supply line, which is configured to supply electric power to the motor through the inverter and the inter-line short circuit, and an operation line, which is configured to couple the inter-line short circuit and the operation circuit, are bundled.

id-US20220379731A1    abstract-An embodiment method of controlling traveling of an electrified vehicle equipped with an electric motor as a power source includes determining whether it is possible to enter a variable control function. The variable control function includes a function of variably controlling a coasting torque level using a regenerative braking force. In response to a determination that it is not possible to enter the variable control function, a cause of an inability to enter the variable control function is determined and control is performed in a manner that corresponds to a determination that it is possible to enter the variable control function or the determination of the cause of the inability to enter the variable control function in response to the determination that it is not possible to enter the variable control function.

id-US20220371448A1    abstract-An apparatus of controlling regenerative braking for battery charging according to driving information may include a driving information generation device that generates the driving information of a vehicle, a controller that is configured to control regenerative braking of the vehicle according to the generated driving information, and a charging device that controls charging of a battery of the vehicle according to the controlled regenerative braking.

id-US20210291669A1    abstract-A method for allowing electric car batteries to produce minimal amounts of charge as it is driven so that the vehicle can deliver longer ranges in between charges comprises of the following steps: generating kinetic energy at approximately 7 mph from wheels in motion; the kinetic energy is then converted into electric energy by a generator; a transformer would increase the voltage and send the energy to an internal charging port using a supply wire.

id-WO2022233610A1    abstract-The program to manage an electric backup power supply for vehicles especially Nutzfahrzeugs (2) electric Antriebsmaschine has the following steps :• -- Step (A): Determine the energy of an aufnehmbaren electric Energiespeichers (3)(2); • - Step (B): Specify that a vehicle has enough electricity to drive at least partially in Schubbetrieb; • Step (C): Specify a Rekuperationsleistung(5) with the vehicle over the use of electricity can be determined and/or with a set of Soll-Geschwindigkeit vehicle over the use of electricity should be done simultaneously step (C) so that the final Energiespeichers Energieinhalt Power (6)(2) Step (A) Some aufnehmbare energy is increased (3).
id-US20220379733A1    abstract-The disclosure relates to a method for operating a hydraulic braking system for a motor vehicle with an electrified drive train. The braking system comprises a brake booster. First, a braking request is registered and it is determined that the braking request is to be met by pure recuperative braking. In addition, an input member of the brake booster is shifted in the direction of a pressure generation unit so that it assumes an actuation position corresponding to the braking request. From here, the input member is then shifted back from the actuation position in a direction away from the pressure generation unit for hydraulic pressure relief. A control unit designed to carry out such a method is also disclosed. A braking system comprising such a control unit is also presented.

id-US20220363127A1    abstract-An electric vehicle includes: an electric motor; a wheel that is driven by the electric motor; a power transmission mechanism that defines at least a part of a power transmission path between the electric motor and the wheel and that transmits rotational power of the electric motor to the wheel; a wheel brake that is provided on the wheel; an electromagnetic brake that stops rotation of the electric motor; and a controller that maintains a control value of a rotation speed of the electric motor at 0 and activates the electromagnetic brake when a vehicle speed becomes lower than or equal to a predetermined value close to 0.

id-US20230032078A1    abstract-An on-board charging system for an electric vehicle comprising a generator (Dynamo) 1, coupled to the wheel of the electric vehicle. The generator produces a charging voltage which is connected to a 12 V battery, via voltage regular, the 12 V battery, and is connected to the input of a Power Boaster, which boasts the voltage from 12 V at the input to 48 V at the output. A Dual battery isolator is connected between the secondary Lithium battery and the Main lithium battery, that supply power to the a gear drive of the electric vehicle. When there is a drop in the voltage of the main lithium battery, during operation, the intelligent dual battery isolator triggers a release of the stored voltage from the secondary lithium battery pack to instantaneously charge up the main lithium battery, supplying power to the electric vehicle drive.

id-WO2022262202A1    abstract-The invention relates to a hybrid electric vehicle and a brake control method thereof. The brake control method is executed by a control module (1) comprising a vehicle brake control device, which also includes a first position sensor (21) and a second position sensor (22); The first position sensor (21) is set to collect the first stroke position information of the brake pedal (2) and output the first stroke position voltage parameter Oupt1; The second position sensor (22) is set to collect the second stroke position information of the brake pedal (2) and output the second stroke position voltage parameter Oupt2; The control module (1) is connected with the first position sensor (21) and the second position sensor (22); The braking control method includes: obtaining the first stroke position voltage parameter Oupt1 and the second stroke position voltage parameter Oupt2; The first stroke and second stroke position voltage parameters Oupt1 and Oupt2 are processed to obtain the first stroke and second stroke; According to the first and second strokes, determine the position of the brake pedal (2).
id-WO2022257939A1    abstract-The invention discloses a hybrid power system for a mining dump truck, belonging to the technical field of engineering machinery power system. Comprising a generator and a 24V battery, the generator is controlled and connected with a traction motor; The generator is connected with a rectifier module; The rectifier module is connected with an inverter module, and the circuit between the rectifier module and the inverter module is connected with an energy storage battery; The inverter module is connected with the traction motor; The shore power charging interface is connected with a filter, and the filter is connected with the rectifier module. The invention makes full use of the braking energy of the traction motor to charge the energy storage battery, and can make full use of the energy storage battery to provide power and reduce carbon emission during traction; When the generator is abnormal, the vehicle can be run to the maintenance depot as soon as possible through the energy of the energy storage battery, without the need for other vehicles to pull; When the temperature is low and the 24V battery feed occurs during the shift of the mine car, resulting in the vehicle being unable to start, such problems can be avoided through photovoltaic panels.
id-WO2023274328A1    abstract-The utility model relates to an energy recovery control method and a device. The energy recovery control method comprises: after receiving the braking request of the vehicle, determining the allowable energy recovery power and the target energy recovery power corresponding to the target vehicle, and the braking request includes the target braking torque; Determine that the allowable energy recovery power is less than the target energy recovery power, request the target motor controller to control the target drive motor for energy recovery according to the corresponding allowable heating power of the target drive motor, and request the target motor controller to control the target drive motor to output the target braking torque. The sum of allowable heating power and allowable energy recovery power is greater than or equal to the target energy recovery power.
id-US20210354566A1    abstract-A railway-vehicles scalable tractive power system, integrated into all-wheel steering and braking systems to leverage synergies between plurality of differently designed electric traction-motors, electric steering motors and electric brake calipers; configured with plurality of sensors to eliminate wheel-dragging at virtually 100% dynamic efficiency. A fully automated electronic clutch-system attached to selected electric traction motors configured to perform above 90% traction efficiency by coupling to wheels selected electric traction-motors in their high efficiency range of operation, or de-coupling and replacing electric traction-motors with another electric traction-motors while the vehicle is changing speed or when it requires higher or lower tractive-power, from forward-motion start to top-rated speed. A holistic controller is configured with multi-objective optimization design (MOOD) procedures; measures complex variable parameters and values, finds the required trade-off among design objectives, and improves pertinence of solutions. Plurality of electronic-couplers is monitoring changing distance between wagons, whereas the controller is maintaining optimal ‘free-slack’ between wagons to prevent ‘run-in’ and ‘run-out’ scenarios with precise maneuverability between electric traction-motors actuation and electric brake-calipers actuation.

id-US20230001822A1    abstract-At least some embodiments of the present disclosure are directed to systems and methods for predictive energy management for an electrified powertrain. In some embodiments, the system is configured to: receive a first state-of-charge (SOC) of a high-voltage energy storage system; receive a second SOC of a low-voltage energy storage system; predict an energy recuperation of an electrified powertrain using telematics data; and determine a charging direction of a bidirectional converter based on the predicted energy recuperation, the first SOC, and the second SOC.

id-WO2022257628A1    abstract-The utility model relates to an electric-hydraulic parallel driving construction machinery walking system, which comprises a mechanical transmission part (100), an electric drive part (200), a hydraulic drive part (300) and a walking executive part. The mechanical transmission part (100) comprises an electric power input shaft (109), a hydraulic input shaft (110), a power output shaft (111), a first drive shaft (101), a second drive shaft (102), a third drive shaft (103), a fourth drive shaft (104), a fifth drive shaft (105) and a sixth drive shaft (106) arranged in parallel with each other. And seventh drive shaft (107). The system integrates the advantages of the electric drive system and the hydraulic drive system, adopts the electric drive part and the hydraulic drive part to drive the mechanical walking, and comprehensively plays the advantages of the electric drive speed regulation performance and the hydraulic drive power density, the energy consumption is relatively low, the driving force is sufficient and the economy is good.
id-US20220388484A1    abstract-Systems and methods for coordinating and providing braking assistance between towing vehicles and towed vehicles during towing events, such as bidirectional charging towing events, are provided. The towing braking assistance may be provided by the towed vehicle in the form of an assistive braking torque output to assist the towing vehicle with meeting a target deceleration rate during the towing event. The assistive braking torque output may be provided to account for mutual vehicle deceleration events, brake compensation or brake fade events, and stability events of the coupled vehicles during the towing events, for example.

id-WO2022255982A1    abstract-The invention relates to an air vehicle (V), more than one wheel (2) enabling the aircraft (V) to move on a ground (Z), at least one rotating structure (3) provided on the aircraft (V) so as to be concentric with the wheel (2) and to perform rotational movement together with the wheel (2), a friction element (4), contacting and compressing the rotating structure (3) so as to generate a brake force to slow down the air vehicle (V), at least one actuator (5) triggered by an electric motor (E) to actuate the friction element (4) so that it moves closer to and/or away from the rotating structure (3), a control unit (6) enabling to control the amount of current given to the electric motor (E), more than one brake level (7) changing in dependence to the amount of current given to the electric motor (E) and expressing the magnitude of brake force applied to the air vehicle (V), through which the rotating structure (3) and friction element (4) contact each other.

id-JP2022185461A    abstract-[challenges] in the event of a slip of the drive wheels, the company provides a dump truck that can reduce the braking torque on the drive wheels side, avoid locking the drive wheels, and ensure the braking torque on the whole vehicle by generating braking torque on the driven wheels side. [solution] the dump truck generates controller 13 and the hydraulic pressure corresponding to the operation amount of brake pedal 9 by output the regenerative torque command value corresponding to the operation amount of brake pedal 8 to the inverter 11 to regenerate the electric motor 10. The brake 16 of the rear wheel operated by the hydraulic pressure of the hydraulic pressure valve 15, the high pressure selection valve 19 of the hydraulic pressure of the hydraulic pressure valve 15 and the hydraulic pressure of the electromagnetic proportional valve 18, and the front wheel operated by the hydraulic pressure selected by the high pressure selection valve 19 "Brake 17". When the slip rate of the rear wheel 6 is determined to be above the specified value, controller 13 reduces the regenerative torque command value and outputs the drive command value corresponding to the reduction amount to the electromagnetic proportional valve 18. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-WO2023274836A1    abstract-The procedure involved in the invention will be the emission Antriebsstrangs Arbeitsmaschine, which simplifies triebliche 27.5% Elektromotors with at least one wheel of Antriebsstrangs Arbeitsmaschine is composed, while Arbeitsmaschine Hangabfahrt Hangabtriebskraft knows which is Beschleunigungsmoment is making Arbeitsmaschine(100), which Elektromotors country Generatormoment Generatorbetrieb Beschleunigungsmoment, the most powerful force for protection depends on the weight of the electric machine. And because of the multiple forces of the palm, automatic braking is used when the machine is cruising. (102) Another solution is to reduce the current amount of radiation by braking. This invention also has a drive line applied to electric gears, a corresponding working motive.
id-JP2022187851A    abstract-Challenges to provide converters, converter control devices, and converter control methods that can expand the control range of output voltage while avoiding circuit complexity. The solution: a transformer between the primary side switching part connected to the battery, the secondary side switching part connected to the motor, the primary side switching part and the secondary side switching part, and the output waveform of the desired waveform. A control section and at least a control section that controls the secondary side switching section so that the voltage along the signal file is output to the motor side. Select diagram: figure 4
id-WO2022253445A1    abstract-The present invention relates to an energy management system, comprising an electric machine electrically connected to an electric source, an air compressor arranged in an air flow channel of the thermal management system, the air compressor being configured to receive and pressurize air, wherein the air compressor is mechanically connected to, and operable by, the electric machine, an air heating arrangement positioned in the air flow channel in fluid communication with the air compressor, wherein the air heating arrangement is arranged to heat air present in the air flow channel, and a flow injecting arrangement positioned downstream the air compressor in the air flow channel, wherein the flow injecting arrangement comprises a portion configured to admit a flow of fluid into the flow of air exhausted from the air compressor.

id-US20220402467A1    abstract-The present disclosure relates to a method for cooling an endurance braking arrangement of an electric vehicle, the vehicle comprising an electrical power storage device and the endurance braking arrangement, the vehicle comprising a cabin and a fifth wheel for connection of a trailer to the vehicle, the cabin and the fifth wheel being located at an initial distance from each other; wherein the vehicle comprises a cooling system configured to receive cooling air from a position between the cabin and the fifth wheel for cooling the endurance braking arrangement of the vehicle wherein the method comprises arranging the cabin and the fifth wheel such that an increased distance between the cabin and the fifth wheel is obtained as compared to the initial distance for increasing air flow to the cooling system.

id-US20220410994A1    abstract-A system and method are disclosed for retrofitting mechanical workover rigs with electric motors to create a hybrid mechanical and electric drive. The process involves the replacement of the combustion engine with one or more electric motors to drive various components of the rig. The retrofit design allows for cleaner, more precise, and more efficient operations while eliminating the need for hydrocarbons as fuel and thus reducing associated greenhouse gas emissions. It also enables the installation of a computer control which, among other benefits, allows more precise control of the rig's operations than is possible with a mechanical transmission. The electric motors may be driven by a battery energy storage system.

id-US11554674B1    abstract-Described herein relates to a system of and method for recovering energy and providing power in a multi-source transmission assembly, in which the transmission assembly includes secondary power sources in combination with a primary power source, where the secondary power sources are in reverse rotation with respect to the primary power source, such that energy is recovered during deceleration or the secondary power sources power the vehicle as needed. During the translation of a vehicle employing the transmission assembly, at least one motor may function, as needed, to propel the vehicle forward. During times in which the vehicle may not positively accelerating, at least one of the motors may switch to a generator mode to generate energy to be stored in a vehicle battery. As such, at least one of the motor power sources may recover an amount of energy expended by the vehicle during acceleration.

id-US20230001928A1    abstract-A regenerative braking control system and a regenerative braking control method using a paddle shift of a hybrid vehicle, include a paddle switch including a first paddle shift for a down shift and a second paddle shift for an up shift, a first controller electrically connected to the paddle switch and configured to determine a deceleration control amount of regenerative braking for stopping the vehicle as a hold operation of the first paddle shift is input, and a second controller electrically connected to the first controller and configured to control a motor torque for the regenerative braking according to the deceleration control amount determined from the first controller and to control hydraulic braking of the vehicle to be executed when reaching a stop state of the vehicle.

id-US20220402391A1    abstract-A power supply unit accommodates a main DC/DC converter and an AC charger (a charging circuit, a sub-DC/DC converter) in a housing. The main DC/DC converter and the sub-DC/DC converter are arranged in the same tier of the housing. The charging circuit is arranged in a tier different from that of the main DC/DC converter and the sub-DC/DC converter. The main DC/DC converter and the sub-DC/DC converter arranged in the same tier of the housing are controlled to operate in a mutually exclusive manner.

id-EP4105057A1    abstract-Provided is a brake control apparatus of an automobile that drives drive wheels by an electric motor to which electric power is supplied from a battery and obtains a braking force by regenerative braking of the electric motor while charging the battery, including: a speed change process unit configured to increase a rotation speed of the electric motor with respect to a rotation speed of the drive wheels when operating the regenerative braking.

id-US20220402372A1    abstract-A process to control a drive assembly includes the steps of providing a mathematical model associating a first quantity indicative of a torque delivered by a motor-generator with a second quantity indicative of a linear acceleration of a wheel hub unit, which receives the torque, acquiring a first signal indicative of the second quantity, determining a target signal of the first quantity by means of the mathematical model based on the acquired first signal, so that the torque indicated by the target signal involves at least a decrease in a difference between the second quantity and a reference, and controlling the motor-generator according to the determined target signal.

id-US20220388493A1    abstract-A vehicle driving apparatus includes: an engine; a first rotary electric machine; first and second output shafts; a power distribution device for distributing a power between the first and second output shafts; and a control device for controlling an electric-power generation torque of a second rotary electric machine such that a power distribution ratio between the first and second output shafts becomes a target distribution ratio, and controlling a total torque of the engine and the first rotary electric machine such that a requested drive torque is obtained. The control device executes an electric-power consuming control to supply at least a part of a generated electric power generated by the second rotary electric machine, to the first rotary electric machine without via a power storage device, and to drive the first rotary electric machine, such that an operation state of the engine is brought close to a fuel-economy optimum state.

id-US20220402367A1    abstract-An embodiment method of controlling a brake lamp of a vehicle equipped with an electric motor as a power source includes determining a position of a following vehicle when decelerating through regenerative braking in a coasting situation and performing at least one of correction of an ON threshold according to deceleration or control of regenerative braking torque for deceleration variation in response to the determined position of the following vehicle being in one of a plurality of regions set according to a distance from a rear of the vehicle.

id-US20220402366A1    abstract-An apparatus for performing regenerative braking by controlling a disconnector of a vehicle includes a computing device to calculate a braking amount necessary for braking, a controller to engage or release the disconnector of the vehicle, based on the calculated braking amount, and a distributing device to distribute a regenerative braking amount necessary for braking into at least one motor included in the vehicle, when the disconnector is engaged or released.

id-US20220402373A1    abstract-A charging system for generating power for an electrical vehicle in motion is provided. The charging system embodies a parallel arrangement of alternators equipped with electromagnetic clutch drives disposed between a starter power source/drive assembly and electric storage device of the electrical vehicle. A charge controller controls the downstream balanced charge to the electric storage device through de-activating or activating the alternators' electromagnetic clutch drives to operate at a set RPM range. The systemic and selective control of the electromagnetic clutches addresses resistance of the alternators at higher RPMs.

id-US20220388425A1    abstract-Power management system for battery-operated vehicle including electric motor, and kinetic energy devices for capturing kinetic friction energy produced by moving parts in the vehicle. A central direct current (DC) supercharge component (CDCSC) converts kinetic friction energy into an electric current. The CDCSC connects to a current toggle that directs electric current to battery packs i.e., a first battery pack and second battery pack for powering the electric motor. The current toggle directs electric current to battery packs to recharge/store power. The power management system governs power output from the battery packs, manages depletion/efficiency of the battery packs. The power management system includes a parallel port that directs outgoing power feeds from the battery packs to the electric motor. The electric motor connects to a drive shaft of the vehicle. The power management system includes an additional battery pack that stores excess kinetic friction energy captured for external transfer.

id-US20230001761A1    abstract-an apparatus for controlling energy of a fuel cell vehicle, which may expand a usable range of an energy consuming device, may increase efficiency of heating and cooling, and may simplify a layout of the device. The apparatus includes a stack cooling line having a first coolant heated by a fuel cell stack and cooled by a first heat exchanger; a resistor cooling line having a second coolant heated by a braking resistor and cooled by a second heat exchanger; and a third heat exchanger configured to exchange heat between the first coolant of the stack cooling line and the second coolant of the resistor cooling line.

id-US20230001897A1    abstract-A towing device operably provided on a trailer for powering and controlling the trailer. The towing device has an actuator operably connected with the trailer during a towing operation. The towing device also has at least one switch provided in the actuator and operable to variably control at least one motor/generator provided on the trailer. The at least one switch is also operable to send a first signal to the at least one motor/generator via a first force exerted on the actuator by a vehicle, and wherein a first torque is applied to at least one wheel on the trailer via the at least one motor/generator being operably engaged with the at least one wheel. In addition, the towing device may include a controller operably connected to the at least one switch and to the at least one motor/generator, to control the torque applied by the at least one motor/generator.

id-EP4108501A1    abstract-The present subject matter relates to a method, a controller, and a computer program product for controlling an on-board energy storage system of a dual-mode rail vehicle. The dual-mode rail vehicle may comprise a high-voltage system, to draw energy from a high-voltage AC line supply, and an on-board energy storage such as a traction battery. The method may comprise the steps of determining a present value of recoverable energy, receiving a present value of energy stored in an on-board energy storage, adding both values to determine a total energy value, comparing the total energy value with a target energy value, determining a required line current depending on the difference between the target energy value and the total energy value, transmitting a minimum value from the determined required line current and a predetermined maximum line current as line current reference value to a high-voltage system controller, and controlling a line current of the rail vehicle according to the line current reference value.

id-JP2023007464A    abstract-[challenges] to provide a method for driver assistance to improve the performance of road vehicles. Solution: a road vehicle 1 driven by the driver includes at least two driving wheels 3, which are driven by at least one electric motor 5 connected to the vehicle battery pack 6. The driver support method includes the steps to define the dynamic model of the road vehicle 1, the steps to determine the path R of the road T that the road vehicle 1 runs on, and the vehicle battery pack using the electric motor 5 as a function of the dynamic model and path R of the road vehicle 1 Including the steps to calculate the timeliness indicators on energy use in 6. In addition, assign the relative value of the calculated timeliness indicator to each path R and subdivide it into multiple region 7; Including. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2023006191A1    abstract-There is provided a method and a system to adaptively control a vehicle inverter system that is operable to power a vehicle powertrain, wherein the vehicle powertrain comprises a plurality of operating modes. The method and system comprises adaptively controlling the AC power output of the vehicle inverter system to vary the AC power output of the vehicle inverter system for the vehicle powertrain according to each operating mode of the vehicle powertrain. The method and system further comprises identifying the operating mode of the vehicle powertrain in real-time and adaptively controlling the AC power output of the vehicle inverter system according to the identified real-time operating mode of the vehicle powertrain.

id-US20230026306A1    abstract-A controller for a motor system includes an input terminal to receive a signal indicating a speed of an electric motor and a regenerative brake current interpolator to indicate a brake current to be applied to the electric motor responsive to the speed of the electric motor. Values of the brake current vary with variation of the speed of the electric motor.

id-US20230012058A1    abstract-An electrified vehicle includes a motor connected to wheels and configured to perform regenerative braking at the wheels, a battery configured to store regenerative electric power output by the motor through the regenerative braking, and a controller configured to control the regenerative braking such that a braking torque applied to the wheels is less than or equal to a maximum braking torque and the regenerative electric power output by the motor is lower than or equal to a maximum regenerative electric power. The controller is configured to be able to change the maximum regenerative electric power and, when the controller has changed the maximum regenerative electric power, change the maximum braking torque.

id-US20230022717A1    abstract-Disclosed is a system configured to deliver power to a load in a transport vehicle, the system having: (a) a battery; (b) a super capacitor bank; (c) a bidirectional DC/DC converter configured to transfer power to/from the super capacitors in order to absorb/supply power from/to the load, and configured to transfer power between the super capacitors and the battery and/or the load in order to charge the super capacitor from the battery or load or charge the battery/load from the super capacitors in a controlled way (d) a hybrid controller, the hybrid controller configured to identify when pulsed power is required to/from the load and instructing the DC/DC converter to supply/absorb power to/from the load from/to the super capacitor bank and to identify when power needs to be transferred between the super capacitor and the battery/load to charge or discharge the battery/load and/or super capacitor.

id-WO2023001830A1    abstract-This system for supplying a rechargeable electric storage battery for electric or hybrid motor vehicles includes means for determining a maximum permissible battery power (BATPIN(t)) based on a first maximum power (BATPINPOWERMAP(t)) corresponding to a regeneration phase and a second maximum power (BATPCHGPOWERMAP(t)) corresponding to a charging phase of the battery.
id-WO2023280876A1    abstract-The invention creates a set of (10) limiting devices (s) for a vehicle (F), a complete control device (s), connected to a type B drive device (ebv) and an electric machine on the vehicle. For this purpose, the tax Authority (SE) has set up the ability to identify artificial disability or artificial disability (ebv); The minimum (M1) brightness when detecting the first braking of the motor (me) is the power travel time, its initial power (M1) is the minimum (M1) of the normal travel time, and its estimated value on all the power is the lowest. At the same time, in the case of faults or malfunctions in the artificially regulated Type B transmission (ebv), and in the case of axle requirements, the electric machine (EM) shall be manufactured in at least the minimum (M1) of the first transmission.
id-WO2023006287A1    abstract-The electric drive motorcycle is equipped with a power battery (10), an electric flight system, an electric drive engine (12) that can be used as a generator, at least one additional brake (24) independent of the electric drive engine (12), and a control device (20). In order to decompress the locomotive, the power requirement is reported as the current required deceleration time, the current maximum capacity of the power battery is reported (10), the current maximum failure load is set in the electric drive engine (12) and/or the electric boat system, and the loss load that needs to be achieved at this time is determined, and the result is the difference between the current maximum power and the maximum power of the power engine (12). And this depends on the current required brake pad torque increase. The ratio resulting from the additional drag (24) is the difference between the amount of braking required by the existing conditions and the distance between the current maximum energy consumption and the maximum energy that can be lost (12). Thus, the electric drive engine (12) and/or the tram system will be adjusted at a reduced level of performance to achieve the currently required loss level, and the additional deceleration device (24) will be replaced, so that the current additional deceleration time will be absorbed by the additional brake pads (24).
id-US20230023941A1    abstract-Systems and methods of providing a configurable powertrain in a vehicle are disclosed. The powertrain is capable of operating in a plurality of powertrain configurations and includes one or more reversible generators, a battery system, a motor/generator (M/G), and one or more drive axles. The generators generate and supply electrical power to the battery system, the M/G, an external power source, or a combination thereof. The battery system selectively supplies electrical power to the generators, the M/G, the external power source, or a combination thereof. The one or more generators also selectively supply cooling to the battery system, a cab of the vehicle, a trailer or external enclosure or structure of the vehicle, or a combination thereof. The powertrain configurations of the vehicle include operating the components of the powertrain in various combinations based on demands of the vehicle and/or external power sources or structures.

id-US20230170693A1    abstract-The present disclosure describes at least a coupling circuit for powering an electric or hybrid aircraft with an output voltage. The couple circuit can include multiple connecting inputs, a charging interface, a connecting output, a high-power diodes arrangement, and a pre-charge circuit. The multiple connecting inputs can connect multiple battery packs. The charging interface can connect to a charger for charging the multiple battery packs. The connecting output can connect with a hardware controller. The high-power diodes arrangement can electrically connect to each respective connecting input and the charging interface. The high-power arrangement can include for each battery pack a first high-power diode and a second high-power diode. The pre-charge circuit can electrically connect to the high-power diode arrangement. The pre-charge circuit can include a first branch with a first switch, and a second branch in parallel with the first branch.

id-WO2023279135A1    abstract-An electric vehicle suitable for use in mining, the electric vehicle comprising at least one electric motor for providing motive power to the vehicle, at least one battery for supplying electricity to the at least one electric motor, a connector for connecting to an electrical conductor, whereby the electrical conductor provides electricity to the battery and/or vehicle when the connector is connected to the electrical conductor, wherein the battery has a power density of from 5000 to 20,000 W/kg and an energy density of from 5 to 100 Wh/kg. The battery may include tungsten oxide battery chemistry.

id-US20230031252A1    abstract-An electric vehicle may include a battery, a drive axle, a drive wheel coupled to the drive axle, and a combined motor and brake unit. The combined motor and brake unit may be electrically coupled to the battery and mechanically coupled to the drive axle. The combined motor and brake unit may include a housing, an electric motor inside the housing and electrically coupled to the battery, a transmission inside the housing, a motor output shaft, a braking mechanism, and a motor input shaft. The transmission may transmit rotation of the electric motor to the drive axle and the drive wheel. The motor output shaft may couple the electric motor to the transmission. The braking mechanism may be coupled to the housing. The motor input shaft may couple the electric motor to the braking mechanism and input, to the electric motor, a braking force applied by the braking mechanism.

id-WO2023281846A1    abstract-In order to automatically recover within an appropriate range even on a gentle downhill or flat ground, the motor controller USES the drive part that drives or regenerates the motor and the vehicle speed when the change to a predetermined driving or pedal operation state as the reference speed and the drive part that drives or regenerates the motor. It also includes a control part, which is set as such and controls the drive part to generate regenerative torque during the period when the vehicle speed is from the reference speed to the lower speed determined based on the reference speed. In addition, other motor control devices set the drive part that drives or regenerates the motor and the vehicle speed when changing to a predetermined driving or pedal operation state as the reference speed, and set the time from the time when the vehicle speed falls below the reference speed to a certain time And a control part, which controls the drive part to generate regenerative torque within a certain length of the driving distance from the above timing.
id-US20230121191A1    abstract-The vehicle control method can include: determining a vehicle state based on a set of vehicle state inputs; determining a command based on the vehicle state; and controlling the vehicle according to the command. The method can optionally include updating a vehicle model based on a control outcome. However, the method S 100  can additionally or alternatively include any other suitable elements. The method can function to determine longitudinal vehicle control based on a set of vehicle state inputs (e.g., a limited set of inputs—such as without direct knowledge of a throttle input, etc.). Additionally or alternatively, the vehicle control method can function to infer driving intent based on vehicle state measurements and/or translate inferred driving intent into low-latency vehicle control. Additionally or alternatively, the system can function to autonomously augment longitudinal propulsion, autonomously augment vehicle braking, and/or facilitate autonomous (longitudinal) vehicle control.

id-US20230045430A1    abstract-A drivetrain includes an electric machine, an inverter, and a controller. The controller, for a given operating point of the electric machine, may schedule a method of commutation for switches of the inverter during presence of a negative wheel torque request according to a charge rate corresponding to the negative wheel torque request, temperatures of the electric machine and/or inverter, and/or a battery state of charge.

id-WO2023025752A1    abstract-The invention comprises an engine power control technique (1) for an electric bicycle (10)(21) to turn an electric bicycle (2)(1) out of order by pressing an electric Motorphasenstrom Elektromotors(2) office in a drehmomentbildenden direction generates a Drehmoments through Elektromotors(2) and slows down (23 years old) Elektromotors(2), while this will therefore slow down (23 years old) electric horse (2) The electric Motorphasenstrom is used to switch one of the components corresponding to the direction of rotation and one of the components not according to the direction of rotation.
id-JP2023021531A    abstract-[challenges] quickly start up the regenerative torque of the running motor. The control of the first driving motor connected to the first wheel in front of the driving direction, the second driving motor connected to the second wheel in front of the driving direction, the first driving motor and the second driving motor With the system, you have. When the distance to the collision prediction site or the collision object during driving is less than the braking prediction threshold, the control system reduces the force torque of the first driving motor and increases the force torque of the second driving motor. The control system increases the regenerative torque of the first driving motor and the regenerative torque of the second driving motor when the distance to the collision object in driving is less than the braking determination threshold less than the braking prediction threshold.  Select diagram in figure 10.
id-WO2023055831A1    abstract-Systems, circuits, and methods are disclosed herein for charging (recharging) one or more batteries of an electric vehicle through an on-board charge shaping (or tuning) circuit. The charge shaping circuit may alter the charge signal received from a charging station and/or a regenerative charge signal from the vehicle motor based on one or more charge conditions at the battery. The shaped charge signal as controlled by the charge shaping circuit may improve one or more aspects of charging of the vehicle battery. The charge shaping circuit and/or a motor controller/inverter of the electric vehicle may include circuitry that is controllable to generate a shaped power signal in a similar manner as above, with or without the charge shaping circuit discussed above. In some implementations, one or more heat transfer systems may be included to transfer heat generated from the battery charging system to the battery.

id-US20230083817A1    abstract-The present application relates to an electric off-road vehicle charging control method, a computer device and a storage medium. The method includes: acquiring first power-condition data and second power-condition data; the first power-condition data is a cumulative number of times a feedback ratio of a vehicle-mounted energy storage system is greater than a feedback ratio threshold; the second power-condition data is a cumulative number of times the feedback ratio is less than the feedback ratio threshold; comparing a target difference with a second preset threshold, and determining a charging mode according to the comparison result; the charging mode includes a normal charging mode and a reserving margin capacity charging mode; and controlling, if the charging mode is the reserving margin capacity charging mode, the vehicle-mounted energy storage system to stop charging in a case where the state-of-charge of the vehicle-mounted energy storage system reaches a full charge control state-of-charge.

id-WO2023043472A1    abstract-A lift device and a method of controlling the lift device are provided. The lift device has a lifting mechanism supporting a lifting platform relative to the chassis. An electric motor is drivingly coupled to a traction device, and a traction battery is in electrical communication with the electric motor. A user input is provided to control a speed of the lift device by inputting a requested speed. A controller is configured to, in response to the lift device being on a non-zero grade and if the requested speed is greater than a predetermined speed, command the electric motor to output a braking torque and provide electrical power to the traction battery, and limit the speed of the lift device to the predetermined speed.

id-WO2023036465A1    abstract-Systems may include an electrical load for a vehicle; a power provider for the electrical load, comprising a plurality of components including a battery pack, a vehicle electrical system, and a DC/DC converter electrically interposed between the electrical load and others of the plurality of components of the power provider. The systems may further include a power management controller, including a load power management circuit structured to: interpret a load power request; and provide at least one of a power modulation command or a voltage modulation command in response to the load power request, wherein the DC/DC converter is responsive to the at least one of the power modulation command or the voltage modulation command to provide at least one of a boost voltage or a buck voltage to a voltage provided by at least one of the battery pack or the vehicle electrical system.

id-WO2023028636A1    abstract-The invention comprises: one or more pairs of wheel hubs (2) base (3,4); A car (5); A Hummer (7); An energy supply system (34); A drive system of one or at least one electric engine (22). With a drive (24), the Hummer moves vertically or at lower speeds as if from a compressed load-bearing position on the car's construction (5). Weiters are at least Rekuperationsvorrichtung(26th, 27th, 32nd, 36th) which specifies the potential energy and/or dynamic energy of the trainer Hubeinheit (7) Verstellbewegung Hubeinheit The high level of vertikaler orientation (7) enables vertikaler orientation, at a low level, to convert thermal energy into different Energieform rekuperierte energy and store it.
id-US20230098578A1    abstract-A control device for a vehicle is provided, which includes a power source that generates torque for driving or braking the vehicle, an accelerator pedal sensor that detects an operating amount of an accelerator pedal, and a control unit that controls the power source. The control unit sets a target acceleration based on the accelerator pedal operating amount detected by the accelerator pedal sensor. The control unit sets a target jerk based on the target acceleration, and when the target acceleration decreases toward 0 from a value above 0, sets the target jerk so that an absolute value of the target jerk becomes smaller as the target acceleration approaches 0. The control unit sets torque to be outputted or regenerated by the power source, based on the target acceleration and the target jerk.

id-WO2023033524A1    abstract-Initiated work herein conducted a battery in the device, according to an example management ministry of communicating with the server and the charging status of the battery in at least one being above comparison, at least one battery status information of battery management server and delivered to recall, recall from battery management server receive at least one battery charge profile, It may include a control unit to control at least one battery to be charged on the basis of the charging profile of at least one battery received above.
id-US20230092834A1    abstract-A vehicle controller includes a controlling unit. The controlling unit calculates a feedback control amount based on a deviation between a target acceleration of a vehicle and an actual acceleration of the vehicle. The controlling unit executes a feedback control of a driving device and a braking device by using the feedback control amount, such that the deviation decreases. A state in which only the driving device, of the driving device and the braking device, operates is a first state. A state in which at least the braking device, of the driving device and the braking device, operates is a second state. When switched from the first state to the second state, the controlling unit calculates the feedback control amount such that the deviation permitted in the feedback control is greater than the deviation prior to a start of switching from the first state to the second state.

id-US20230102024A1    abstract-In an electrified vehicle, a vibration damping control device performs vibration damping control for canceling or reducing, with the use of regenerative braking, a predetermined vibration component by monitoring the vibration component and controlling a generator control device depending on the vibration component. A system control device determines whether the vibration damping control is performable based on at least a charge status of a battery. An anti-lock braking system control device transmits a request signal to the system control device while performing anti-lock braking system control. The system control device transmits a command signal to the vibration damping control device when the vibration damping control is determined to be performable and the request signal is received from the anti-lock braking system control device. The vibration damping control device performs the vibration damping control when the command signal is received from the system control device.

id-WO2023042517A1    abstract-The control device of the electric vehicle shall be the internal combustion engine mounted on the electric vehicle, the first rotation electric motor connected to the internal combustion engine, the second rotation electric motor capable of driving the drive shaft of the electric vehicle, and at least a power plant supporting elastic support of the internal combustion engine and the second rotation electric motor. It is the control device of the electric vehicle with und. The control unit of the electric vehicle generates electricity by driving the first motor with the internal combustion engine, and if the second motor is regenerated, the output of the internal combustion engine will be reduced.
id-US20230083236A1    abstract-A controller may control a transfer of electric energy between two or more energy storage devices of a plurality of energy storage devices, at least one energy storage device being disposed onboard a vehicle system, and identify a transfer restriction on the transfer. The controller may change a transfer characteristic based at least in part on the transfer restriction. A system may include a controller to monitor transfer of electric energy between one or more energy storage devices disposed onboard one or more vehicle systems and energy transfer substations that are offboard the one or more vehicle systems. A method may include controlling a transfer of electric energy between two or more energy storage devices, at least one energy storage device being disposed onboard a vehicle system, identifying a transfer restriction on the transfer, and changing a transfer characteristic based at least in part on the transfer restriction.

id-US20230080123A1    abstract-A power control system includes a battery system and a DC-DC converter with first, second, third, and fourth power switches. A second terminal of the first power switch is connected to a first terminal of the second power switch. A second terminal of the third power switch is connected to a first terminal of the fourth power switch. A first inductor includes a first terminal connected to the second terminal of the first power switch and the first terminal of the second power switch and a second terminal connected to the second terminal of the third power switch and the first terminal of the fourth power switch. A first bypass switch is connected in parallel to the first power switch. A second bypass switch is connected in parallel to the third power switch.

id-WO2023042138A1    abstract-A method (900) for controlling the wheel slip with mixing of the dissipative braking torque and the regenerative braking torque in a braking system with Brake-by-Wire, B-b-W, technology of a vehicle, comprising steps of: - receiving (901), by a wheel slip control sub-module of a wheel slip main control module with mixing of the dissipative braking torque and the regenerative braking torque of an electronic control unit of a braking system of a vehicle, a first plurality of input information for controlling wheel slip, hereinafter also simply first plurality of input information; - determining (902), by the wheel slip control sub-module, a braking torque request to be applied to a corner of the vehicle and a braking torque control component, based on the first plurality of input information received; - providing (903), by the wheel slip control sub-module, the braking torque request to be applied to a corner of the vehicle, the determined braking torque control component, and an enabled wheel slip control confirmation value, to a braking regeneration sub-module of the generative wheel slip control module of the electronic control unit of the braking system of the vehicle; - receiving (904), by the braking regeneration sub-module, a second plurality of input information for controlling the wheel slip; - determining (905), by the braking regeneration sub-module, a regenerative braking torque command as a function of the braking torque request to be applied to the corner of the vehicle or of the braking torque control component, based on a status of an input enabling signal, and as a function of the second plurality of input information and of the enabled wheel slip control confirmation value received from the wheel slip control sub-module, if the enabling input status is disabled, the step of determining (905) is performed by the braking regeneration sub-module to obtain the regenerative braking torque command as a function of the braking torque request, if the enabling input status is enabled, the step of determining (905) is performed by the braking regeneration sub-module to obtain the regenerative braking torque command as a function of the braking torque control component; - determining (906), by the braking regeneration sub-module, a dissipative braking torque command as a function of the braking torque request and of the regenerative braking torque command determined by the braking regeneration sub-module.

id-WO2023073348A1    abstract-A brake system for a vehicle having a first electric motor arranged to provide regenerative braking torque to a first wheel and a friction braking device arranged to provide a friction brake torque to the first wheel, the brake system comprising a controller arranged in response to receiving a torque demand to generate a first control signal for applying a regenerative braking torque by the first electric motor to the first wheel, wherein the first control signal provides an indication of a regenerative braking torque value, and a second control signal for applying a friction braking torque by the friction braking device to the first wheel, wherein the second control signal provides an indication of a friction braking torque value, wherein upon determining an estimate for the friction braking torque applied to the first wheel the controller is arranged to modulate the regenerative braking torque applied by the first electric motor to the first wheel based on the difference between the friction braking torque value indicated by the second control signal and the estimated friction braking torque.

id-JP2023061341A    abstract-[issue] we provide a condensate management system and a method that can dry condensate generated by a fuel cell. The condensate management device of a fuel cell according to an embodiment of the present invention comprises the first heater 350, which heats the cooling water of the fuel cell stack, the second heater 360, which heats the condensate generated in the fuel cell stack, and the first heater. A control unit 370 May include a control unit 370 that controls the drive of the second heater 360 by using the remaining power based on the operational capability of at least part of the functions of the heater 350. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-US20230120194A1    abstract-An ECU of a vehicle executes a regeneration process to control an electric motor so as to generate regenerative torque during deceleration caused by an accelerator OFF. The ECU executes a torque gradual decrease process to decrease the regenerative torque in a wheel slip detection state more gradually at a time when a brake pedal is depressed after a start of the deceleration and ABS control is not activated than a time when the brake pedal is not depressed after the start of the deceleration. The ECU executes a hydraulic pressure increase process to increase the upstream hydraulic pressure such that, when the ABS control is activated while the brake pedal is depressed after the start of the deceleration, the upstream hydraulic pressure has a value necessary for generating a braking torque having a magnitude according to the regenerative torque generated at a start of the ABS control.

id-WO2023066937A1    abstract-The method used in this invention governs the operation of an electric motor (10) and a mechanical motor (12) by the following steps: calculation (52) can be used to operate a dark booster (14) or a thruster (16); (54) Determine the engine control value, which is related to the activity of the motorcycle thrusters (14) and thrusters (16) for checking the speed; The engine control value may be negative or positive; Taxes (56), Elektromaschine Fahrantriebs (20)(10) depend on Motorsteuerwert in particular while Elektromaschine(20) manages an active Motorsteuerwert Arbeitsmaschine (12) antreibendes Motordrehmoment generation and simultaneously Elektromaschine(20) in governance and a negative Motorsteuerwert Arbeitsmaschine (12) The abbremsendes Motordrehmoment is generated. The device also includes a control device and a desktop device (10).
id-US20230126354A1    abstract-A device and a method for controlling regenerative braking of an electrified vehicle includes a drive motor configured for generating power required to drive wheels, and a controller electrically connected to the drive motor, and the controller detects vehicle data when braking the vehicle, determines whether a wheel slip of the vehicle has occurred based on the vehicle data, determines a first regenerative braking amount based on a deceleration and a vehicle model when the wheel slip has not occurred, determines a second regenerative braking amount based on a maximum road surface utilization rate when the wheel slip has occurred, and controls maximum regenerative braking of the drive motor based on the first regenerative braking amount or the second regenerative braking amount.

id-WO2023070603A1    abstract-The invention relates to an engine torque control method for a hybrid electric vehicle, which includes: condition identification, identification of fast torque trigger conditions indicating insufficient torque reduction ability of a generator when the accelerator pedal is pressed down is released; Fast torque intervention, when the trigger condition of fast torque is met, the actual torque of the engine is interfered by using the fast torque of the engine with the target fast torque value. Fast twist exit, when the conditions of fast twist exit are met, the intervention of the engine fast twist is stopped. The engine torque control method can improve the engine response characteristics of hybrid electric vehicles. It also relates to an engine torque control device for hybrid electric vehicles.
id-US20230107318A1    abstract-Operating a machine includes supplying electric power from a fuel cell to a power bus connected to an electric motor and an energy storage device in a machine operated at a work site, and determining an expected efficiency gain condition based on at least one of terrain data of the work site or machine activity data of the machine. Operating a machine further includes prognostically limiting a power output of the fuel cell based on the determining an expected efficiency gain condition, and charging the energy storage device during occurrence of the expected efficiency gain condition using at least one of a regenerative energy device or the fuel cell. The energy storage device may be discharged during prognostically limiting a power output of the fuel cell so as to share a load demand of the power bus between the fuel cell and the energy storage device. Related apparatus and control logic is also disclosed.

id-WO2023057510A1    abstract-It is a safe one state program to implement (S7) at shutdown to Arbeit Smaschine (16) indicating that the Arbeit Smaschine (16) batteries (2), a steam battery (4)(8) and a driving shaft (12) are capable of simultaneously working with an electric motor (8) The electric energy of the battery (2)versorgbar battery (2) at the same time, the battery ieschutz (4) is connected with the electric motor (8) at the same time the electric motor (8) is stable driving shaft (12), The process is one step: consider (S2) whether Bremsmoment fixed axis (12) on a Fahruntergrund is transferable if Bremsmoment determined transferable, brake Arbeitsmaschine(300)(16) on the electric motor (8) through the battery (2) Implementation (S7) before the security status if Bremsmoment until reached (S7), the security status is uncertain is transferable implementation (S7), a step of the security status is carried out offnens (S4) Batterieschutz (4). Finally, a hearing aid (14) is demonstrated, which is configured to perform an operating procedure (S7) for a safe situation. In addition, the experiment also shows that this is a control device (16).
id-JP2023064650A    abstract-[problem] we provide a diagnostic system that diagnoses the rotating parts of the rotating electric parts of the vehicle while the vehicle is running. In the case of diagnosis of the rotating part, the diagnostic system stops charging the charging battery 30 provided by the vehicle from the rotating part, and determines in advance the measuring part and the size of the induced voltage of the rotating part, which is used to measure the induced voltage of the rotating part caused by the rotation of the rotating part. When the value is above the specified value, the judgment part is judged as abnormal by the rotating part. In the method, in the case of diagnosis of the rotating part, stop the charging from the rotating part to the storage battery provided by the vehicle and measure the induced voltage of the rotating part generated by the rotation, and the field where the magnitude of the induced voltage is above the predetermined value In addition, the stage when the rotating part is judged to be abnormal. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US11485330B1    abstract-A controller for a trailer is disclosed. An example trailer controller assembly includes a force transducer that measures a force between a trailer and a towing vehicle connected to the trailer indicative of a difference in speeds between the trailer and the towing vehicle, and a controller communicatively coupled to the force transducer. The controller includes a brake controller that controls brakes of the trailer based on an input signal from the force sensor.

id-US20230166607A1    abstract-An electric four-wheel drive (E-4WD) system and control method for a motor vehicle includes four wheel motors. Each wheel motor is an electric motor configured to drive one respective wheel corresponding to the wheel motor. Each wheel motor includes a stator implemented on a suspension structure of the respective wheel and a rotor implemented on a semi-axle connected to the respective wheel to rotate together with the respective wheel relative to the stator. The wheel motors are configured to drive the wheels independently of each other.

id-US20230158891A1    abstract-A trailer vehicle unit for a towing vehicle, the trailer vehicle unit having a coupling configured to couple to the towing vehicle and an electrical energy dissipating system at least partly disposed in a fluid medium conduit for receiving fluid medium, the electrical energy dissipating system being configured to receive electric energy and to dissipate received electric energy by utilizing a flow of fluid medium, wherein the trailer vehicle unit further comprises a slave control unit having a processing circuitry configured to receive a signal from the towing vehicle indicative of a request for dissipating energy the electrical energy dissipating system.

id-US20230150398A1    abstract-Described herein is a fuel cell system that includes a radiator configured to exchange heat with coolant discharged from a fuel cell stack, a coolant supply pump configured to supply the coolant to the fuel cell stack, a COD heater configured to consume electric power generated by the fuel cell stack, a valve connected to the fuel cell stack, the radiator, the coolant supply pump, and the COD heater to control a flow of the coolant, and a controller configured to control an operating start time and output of the COD heater to consume energy generated by the fuel cell stack depending on a state of charge (SOC) of a battery and an operating state of the fuel cell stack. The controller controls the valve so that the coolant flows to the COD heater in a temperature control section after a cold start section of the fuel cell stack.

id-US20230163332A1    abstract-Proposed is a fuel cell power control system. A fuel cell generates electric power. A load unit is electrically connected to the fuel cell. A DC/DC converter is disposed between the fuel cell and the load unit to convert the electric power between a low side of the DC/DC converter electrically connected to the fuel cell and a high side of the DC/DC converter electrically connected to the load unit. A battery is electrically connected to the high side of the DC/DC converter to be parallel to the load unit. A controller monitors a voltage of the load unit, the battery, or the high side of the DC/DC converter, and controls the electric power input to the load unit or output from the load unit in accordance with the monitored voltage.

id-US20230150369A1    abstract-Provided is a vehicle that, in order to promote the safety of a user having an active implantable medical device implanted therein, is configured to acquire a strength of a magnetic field inside the vehicle, notify the user of the strength of the magnetic field, and control at least one electric device among a plurality of electric devices in the vehicle, in order to reduce the strength of the magnetic field. The vehicle may be a combustion engine vehicle and/or an electric vehicle.

id-US20230150505A1    abstract-Disclosed is a method of controlling regenerative braking of a hybrid vehicle, and a device thereof. The method includes: controlling, by a controller, a hybrid vehicle to start a braking operation in response to a brake pedal operation signal; and after the braking operation of the hybrid vehicle is started, controlling, by the controller, a second motor that is connected to an input shaft of a transmission of the hybrid vehicle to perform regenerative braking.

id-US20230150372A1    abstract-A an apparatus of controlling a braking of a vehicle traveling in track mode includes a driving information detector configured to detect a braking request from a driver while the vehicle is driving; and a vehicle controller configured to, when the braking request is detected, control the braking of the vehicle according to a total required torque in response to the detected braking request, wherein the total required torque is a sum of a regenerative braking torque by a motor of the vehicle and a friction braking torque by a brake of the vehicle, wherein the vehicle controller is configured to decrease braking force by friction braking by relatively decreasing friction braking torque by increasing the regenerative braking torque of the total required torque, and wherein the regenerative braking torque is greater than a regenerative braking torque in non-track mode.

id-US20230166601A1    abstract-A brake controller of a machine can be configured to determine brake power associated with braking operations, such as operations to slow the machine or maintain a speed of the machine. The brake controller can allocate the brake power among systems such as a battery system, a resistive grid, auxiliary systems, a mechanical brake system, and/or other systems, based on a defined priority order of the systems. For example, the brake controller can prioritize using a regenerative brake system to charge a battery system during a braking operation up to a currently-available capacity of the battery system, and allocating any remaining brake power to a lower-priority system. The mechanical brake system can be the lowest-priority system, such that use of the mechanical brake system can be avoided unless an amount of brake power exceeds capacities of higher-priority systems to consume the brake power.

id-US20230158897A1    abstract-An electric machine is coupled to at least the respective alternating current output terminal or to a plurality of alternating current output terminals of the inverter. The electric machine has a rotor with a rotational speed that is capable of converting rotational mechanical energy of the rotor into electrical energy at the direct current bus terminals until the rotational speed declines below a critical speed. In response to the detection of an impaired state of the battery, a controller is configured to provide control signals to switch or toggle the corresponding low-side switch or switches to manage the charging and discharging of the direct current (DC) bus voltage between a minimum DC voltage and a maximum DC voltage that define a range suitable for providing energy sufficient to power an electronic data processor and control logic of the controller.

id-US20230145214A1    abstract-Systems and methods for providing opportunistic vehicle air brake system pressurization are disclosed. Vehicle air tanks used within an air brake system are pressurized during a time a battery charging status is satisfied. For example, such air tanks may be pressurized via an air compressor at a time during which the vehicle is electrically connected to a power source other than a battery of the vehicle. An example of such a power source may include an electrical charger, such as an electric vehicle charging station, or an electric generator during a regenerative braking event. The air tanks may also be pressurized by using a battery to energize the air compressor, based on the battery being charged above a predetermined threshold.

id-JP2023077505A    abstract-Challenges: make it possible for the electric vehicle to coasted to the end of a specified section. [solution] in the case that the control device is in the process of automatic speed control, the electric vehicle runs in a series of sections of uphill and downhill roads through the first section and then through the second section, and if the permission conditions are obtained, the electric vehicle will reach the end of the specified section Control the motor generator to make the vehicle coasting. The control device derives the predicted driving speed A1 (step S110) when the electric vehicle is inert running in a specified interval and the electric vehicle reaches the end of the first road. The control device derives the predicted driving speed A2 (step S130) when the electric vehicle is inert running in the specified interval and the electric vehicle reaches the end of the second road. The control device determines whether the permission conditions are valid (steps S120, S140) based on the relationship between each prediction value A1, A2 and the set speed VS. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-WO2023084432A1    abstract-An electric or hybrid electric-endothermic traction system, comprises an electric machine (2), an inverter (5), a battery pack (Batt), and a switching device (4) connected to the electric machine (2) and configured to switch it between a low-speed configuration, wherein the stator windings (3) assume a first electric configuration, and a high-speed configuration, wherein the stator windings (3) assume a second electric configuration, wherein the first electric configuration of the stator windings (3) determines a voltage induced by the rotation of the rotor (BEMF1 ) that, on reaching a pre-determined threshold value (ω_th) of the angular velocity of the rotor (2b), exceeds a supply voltage of the battery pack (V_batt), while the second electric configuration of the stator windings (3) determines a voltage induced by the rotation of the rotor (BEMF2) that is lower than the voltage of the battery pack (V_batt) for any angular velocity within a field of use of the electric machine (2). The switching device (4) is configured to impart to the stator (2a) a switching from the low-speed configuration to the high-speed configuration when the rotor (2b) reaches a switching speed that is lower than or equal to the threshold value (ω_th).

id-WO2023084435A1    abstract-An electric or hybrid electric-endothermic traction system comprises an electric machine (2), an inverter (5), a battery pack (Batt), and a switching device (4) associated with the electric machine (2) and configured to switch it between a low-speed configuration, in which the stator windings (3) assume a first electric configuration, and a high-speed configuration, in which the stator windings (3) assume a second electric configuration, wherein the first electric configuration of the stator windings (3) results in a voltage induced by the rotation of the rotor (BEMF1 ) that, on reaching a pre-determined threshold value (ω_th) of the angular velocity of the rotor (2b), exceeds a supply voltage of the battery pack (V_batt), whereas the second electric configuration of the stator windings (3) results in a voltage induced by the rotation of the rotor (BEMF2) that is lower than the voltage of the battery pack (V_batt) for any angular velocity within a range of use of the electric machine (2). An emergency device (7) is connected to the switching device (4), control unit (6) and/or inverter (5) and is configured to send to the switching device (4) a signal (S2) representing a switching of the stator (2a) from the low-speed configuration to the high-speed configuration, if said stator is in the low-speed configuration, or a disabling of the switching device (4), if said stator is in the high-speed configuration.

