id-US11173775B2    abstract-A vehicle having a traction battery with at least one cell includes a controller coupled to the traction battery and programmed to modify traction battery current in response to a difference between a lithium plating parameter target value and a lithium plating parameter actual value to reduce the difference. The lithium plating parameter or indicator may be based on a differential open circuit voltage of a battery cell, or a ratio of differential voltage of the at least one cell as a function of time to cell charging rate of the at least one cell.

id-US10183587B2    abstract-A power supply system includes a first energy storage, a second energy storage, a power transmission circuit, and circuitry. The circuitry is configured to acquire a remaining capacity and a temperature of the second energy storage. The circuitry is configured to determine a target remaining capacity range of the second energy storage in accordance with the temperature. The circuitry is configured to control the power transmission circuit to control power transmission among the electric load, the first energy storage, and the second energy storage such that the remaining capacity of the second energy storage is within the target remaining capacity range.

id-US10272787B2    abstract-The invention provides a powertrain for an electric vehicle, and an electric vehicle as such. The powertrain has an electric motor and a drivetrain for transmitting rotary power from the electric motor to at least one of the vehicle wheels. A mechanical rotary transmission is provided in association with a flywheel. The mechanical rotary transmission is controllable to transmit power in a direction from the vehicle wheels to the flywheel and further transmit power in the reverse direction. Power from both the electric motor and the flywheel is concurrently used to accelerate the vehicle. The vehicle kinetic energy is recovered and stored at the flywheel during vehicle deceleration. The motor vehicle has at least one battery unit to supply the electric motor. The battery unit is removable from the vehicle, without tools, and is portable so that it is carried away from the vehicle for charging.

id-US10903699B2    abstract-Provided is a motor system adapted for modern society, which does not use a rare-earth magnet, improves a torque weight ratio by approximately one digit in comparison with the conventional motor, and has transfer efficiency of 90% between electric energy and rotational energy. A stator ( 1 ) has a dual-ring tooth-groove iron core, which has magnetic pole surface on both side surfaces and receives coils of basically two-phase structure divided to be multiplexed, with divided coils being interconnected. A rotor ( 2 ) is formed to be capable of rotating while holding eight sets of attraction poles having magnetic pole surfaces on both ends, with each set of attraction poles forming four air-gap-facing surfaces by positioning the dual-ring tooth-groove iron core between the attraction poles so that both side surfaces of the dual-ring tooth-groove iron core face the attraction poles via an air gap ( 6 ). Magnetic energy accompanying coil switching can be reduced to one part per dozens through the dual effect of reduction owing to coil division and dispersion owing to interconnection. The torque weight ratio can be improved approximately by one digit through synergistic effect of torque increase owing to integration of magnetomotive forces by interconnection, torque increase owing to composite structure of the attraction poles, and weight reduction of the iron core.

id-US20210211083A1    abstract-In one embodiment, systems and methods of controlling switch modules for dynamically deriving selective circuitries within a plurality of similar voltage energy storage devices of an energy storage system, and/or, within a plurality of stators of a motor/generator, or a plurality of stators of system of motors/generators, thereby optimizing the utilization of energy stored, consumed, and regenerated in the operation of a vehicle.

id-JP2017127161A    abstract-The objective of the project is to provide an energy regeneration system that can recover regenerative energy efficiently. [solution] the energy regeneration system consists of a battery, multiple capacitors, power sources, and a controller. The battery and capacitor are connected in series, multiple capacitors are connected in parallel, and the control is connected in parallel with multiple capacitors. The system is designed to be able to regenerate the energy generated by the power source. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-WO2017129092A1    abstract-An auxiliary braking system (100) of an electric vehicle, a control method thereof, and an electric vehicle, the system (100) comprises: a speed detection device (110); Brake pedal opening detection device (120); Vehicle controller (140). The vehicle controller (140) is used to determine the acceleration of braking pedal according to the change of brake pedal opening and change time when the speed is greater than the predetermined speed. When the acceleration is greater than the predetermined acceleration, the braking torque is determined according to the speed, wheel speed and predetermined tire slip rate, and the braking signal is generated according to the braking torque. A wheel motor brake device (130), including a wheel brake motor (131), is used to apply braking force to the wheel when a feedback brake signal is received for feedback braking of the vehicle. The auxiliary braking system (100) has the advantages of fast braking response speed and short braking distance, so as to ensure vehicle safety. In addition, the auxiliary braking system has the advantages of simple structure and low cost.
id-US20170197628A1    abstract-A system and method for controlling a transmission gear shift in a vehicle having a driveline and an electric motor operable to output torque to the driveline includes applying a negative motor torque to the driveline to reduce driveline oscillations resulting from the transmission gear shift. The negative motor torque is based on vehicle conditions occurring after the transmission gear shift has begun and before the transmission gear shift is complete.

id-US20170210220A1    abstract-A traction system for a vehicle may include a first mount, a second mount, a stator, and a rotor. The first mount defines a hollow core. The second mount is coaxially positioned with the first mount about a center axis. The stator is attached to and arranged along an outer surface of the first mount. The rotor is attached to and arranged along an inner surface of the second mount. The rotor faces the stator and rotates with respect to the stator and about the center axis.

id-US10589634B2    abstract-A battery electric vehicle provided in the present invention comprises a vehicle body having wheels, an electric motor, an electric generator, and an electricity management device. The electric motor and the electric generator are connected to different wheels of the vehicle body respectively. The electric generator generates electricity by converting the rotational kinetic energy of the wheel into electrical energy. The electricity management device includes a management and controlling member, a detecting member, and a plurality of battery packs. The management and controlling member controls at least one of the battery packs to provide electricity to the electric motor by electrically connecting the electric motor, while the management and controlling member controls at least one battery pack of other battery packs to be charged by receiving the electricity generated by means of electrically connecting to the electric generator.

id-WO2017125207A1    abstract-The invention employs a procedure that can specify a tundish paste (UZK) of an electric vehicle between a hybrid or electrical circuit board after separation with a high energy voltage (1). The specified Drehmoments Antriebsmotors(5) is closed and the energy stored in Antriebsmotor(5) is so resolved with the knob returned to the Zwischenkreiskondensator (C ZK) handed over to Zwischenkreisspannung (U ZK) in time fixed Sollwert Wertebereich, trailing Wertebereich at this time.
id-WO2017119805A3    abstract-The invention relates to an electrically propelled motor vehicle, hybrid under certain conditions, which is distinguished by A cylindrical compartment 1, housed in and placed on two drive wheels (Fig. A), which wheels 1 and 2 have an internal diameter rather greater than that of the compartment 1 so that A series of shock absorbers 7 can be inserted between the compartment and the wheels. Main support rings 5 and 6 represent the interface between the fixed cabin and the rotating wheels. A mechanism consisting of an auxiliary wheel 34 mounted under a chassis attached to the passenger compartment 1 prevents it from rolling over in the event of sudden braking. Since each wheel 1 and 2 is driven by its own 16 or 17 electric motor, this technique gives this vehicle extreme maneuverability to the point that it is able to park or turn around in less than five seconds on a pavement that is not more than one and a half times its width. This new concept car also allows it to partially charge its batteries by simply changing direction, now without steering wheel, just by pressing buttons, thanks to the recovery of part of its kinetic energy. Vehicle characterized by a low power consumption compared to the current state of the art, due mainly to the light weight of the vehicle, but also to the simplicity of the transmission of mechanical power to the wheels. Vehicle characterized by its cylindrical architecture that allows it to be dispensed with many components. All these concepts together benefit this vehicle by giving it a range that far exceeds those of current cars. Vehicle characterized by its design, including its regular and flat exterior shape, possibly corrugated, which allows it to be uniformly covered with a large area of photovoltaic photo cells. Starting from the main idea of the cylinder room, many variants are possible, corresponding to many functions according to the use that one wants to make of this vehicle (Fig. C and D). Modular vehicle that can be sold in semi-kit, according to the mode of use. The second part of this invention (Fig. E) concerns a new type of service stations intended exclusively for the production and sale of electricity of renewable origin to supply electric cars with totally clean energy, so that man can live in conditions of sustainable development and also fight against global warming. Stations built according to a new architectural model that allows to produce wealth with significant savings in finances and materials while creating numerous permanent employment opportunities.
id-WO2017124210A1    abstract-An automatic control method for a wheel disk generator (101) comprises charging a battery pack (115) in each wheel of the car (137) when the car (137) is on a downhill or zero load, that is, when the car (137) is driving on a parallel road (139), the battery pack (115) is charged. The horizontal inclination switch (117) automatically disconnects the link between the disk generator (101) in the hub of each wheel and the battery pack (115). When the car (137) is driving on the downhill road (136), the horizontal inclination switch (117) will automatically direct the generator (101) in the hub of each wheel to charge the battery pack (115). It also includes pressing the brake action synchronously pressing the reset switch (112) to control the disk generator (101) in the wheel to charge the battery pack (115); The battery pack (115) is also charged by a disk generator (101) in the driver's strong guidance wheel. The automatic control method of the generator can recover energy during downhill or braking of the vehicle.
id-US10205334B2    abstract-A power supply system includes a first energy storage, a second energy storage, a power transmission circuit, and circuitry. The circuitry acquires a request supply amount, a request output amount, and failure detection information. The circuitry controls the power transmission circuit in accordance with the at least one of the request supply amount and the request output amount such that a ratio of an amount of electric power supplied from or to the first energy storage and an amount of electric power supplied from or to the second energy storage is to be a first ratio in a normal operating. The circuitry controls the power transmission circuit in accordance with the at least one of the request supply amount and the request output amount such that the ratio is to be a second ratio which is different from the first ration in a partial failure state.

id-US10227106B2    abstract-A bicycle controller and bicycle drive device that improves the stability of the behavior of a bicycle. The bicycle controller includes an electronic control unit that reduces the output of a motor, which is configured to assist in propulsion of the bicycle, in accordance with an angular acceleration of a rotary body. The rotary body is included in a human power transmission path extending from an input for human power to a coupling portion coupled to a drive wheel.

id-US11136031B2    abstract-A method for controlling a trailer driven by an electric motor comprises defining a distance between the trailer and a towing vehicle as a neutral position and determining an actual distance between the trailer and the towing vehicle. A deviation between the actual distance and the neutral position is determined and output as a distance value. The braking of the trailer is electrically-actuated when the actual distance is decreased relative to the neutral position by at least a first distance value. The braking of the trailer is mechanically-actuated when the actual distance is decreased relative to the neutral position by at least a second distance value, wherein the second distance value is greater than the first distance value. The trailer is accelerated by the electric motor when the actual distance is increased relative to the neutral position by a third distance value.

id-US10315528B1    abstract-An unmanned vehicle and base station are disclosed that provide an efficient, automated, and quick system for loading onto and un-loading from the unmanned vehicle modular attachments or cartridges. The UAV can also include numerous components, modules, functionalities, and built-in features, including an emergency operation mode, payload delivery mode, and dispensing mode, among other advantages.

id-US20170240050A1    abstract-A power supply method carried out in a system that includes a fuel cell, a secondary battery, a motor, and an auxiliary for the fuel cell includes controlling an intermittent operation by which execution and stoppage of power generation by the fuel cell is switched intermittently to supply power to electric power loads including the motor and the auxiliary, determining whether or not an abnormality occurs in the secondary battery during the intermittent operation, instructing the motor to regenerate power on a condition that it is determined that an abnormality occurs in the secondary battery in the determination of whether or not the abnormality occurs, and supplying power, which is obtained by carrying out the regeneration, to the auxiliary.

id-US10889188B2    abstract-Provided is a drive control device for a vehicle with independently driven wheels, the control device enabling the vehicle to avoid unstable behavior caused by an overrevolution of one of the drive wheels. The vehicle includes left and right motors ( 6, 6 ) that independently drive left and right drive wheels ( 2, 2 ), respectively. The control device includes: an ECU ( 21 ) to generate and output a command torque; an inverter device ( 22 ); rotation speed detection modules ( 34, 34 ) to detect the rotation speeds of the respective left and right motors ( 6, 6 ); and a control module ( 35 ) to change the command torques for the respective left and right motors ( 6, 6 ) so as to reduce the rotation speeds of the left and right motors ( 6, 6 ) when at least one rotation speed between the detected rotation speeds of the left and right motors ( 6, 6 ) exceeds a predetermined rotation speed.

id-US20170237372A1    abstract-The present disclosure provides for a power system for a locomotive. The power system includes an engine, a first alternator, a second alternator and an inverter module. The first alternator operatively coupled to the engine and configured to provide electrical power to one or more traction motors. The second alternator operatively coupled to the engine and configured to provide electrical power to one or more auxiliary loads. The inverter module configured to selectively couple to an energy storage device to provide electrical power to the first alternator for cranking the engine and to a DC link to provide electrical power to the auxiliary load during regenerative braking of the traction motor.

id-US10124793B2    abstract-A power management system for a hybrid vehicle including an engine includes a vehicle power bus distributing power from a battery to vehicle loads. A capacitor includes one of a plurality of supercapacitors and a plurality of ultracapacitors. A starter/generator controller communicates with the capacitor and the battery. A power management module is configured to supply current from the capacitor to the starter/generator controller during cranking of the engine; and supply current from the battery to the starter/generator controller during the cranking of the engine. The power supplied by the battery is greater than or equal to 2% and less than or equal to 20% of a total power supplied to the starter/generator controller during the cranking of the engine.

id-US10876510B2    abstract-A system for discharging or charging a capacitor of a hybrid vehicle according to the present disclosure includes a target state of charge (SOC) module and a capacitor charge/discharge module. The target SOC module determines a target state of charge of the capacitor based on a speed of the vehicle. The capacitor charge/discharge module determines whether a state of charge of a capacitor is greater than a target state of charge. The capacitor charge/discharge module dissipates power from the capacitor to at least one of a battery of the vehicle and an electrical load of the vehicle when the state of charge of the capacitor is greater than the target state of charge.

id-US11616262B2    abstract-A battery and capacitor assembly for a hybrid vehicle includes a plurality of battery cells, a plurality of capacitor cells, a cooling plate, a pair of end brackets, and a housing. The plurality of capacitor cells are arranged adjacent to the plurality of battery cells such that the plurality of battery cells and the plurality of capacitor cells form a cell stack. The pair of end brackets are disposed at opposite ends of the cell stack and are attached to the cooling plate. The pair of end brackets compress the plurality of battery cells and the plurality of capacitor cells. The housing is attached to the cooling plate and encloses the cell stack and the pair of end brackets.

id-US10020770B2    abstract-A vehicle includes an energy storage, a motor driver, an electric motor, and circuitry. The motor driver is configured to convert direct-current power to alternating-current power and to convert alternating-current power to direct-current power. The electric motor is connected to the energy storage via the motor driver to move the vehicle. The circuitry is configured to drive the electric motor with a first current value to consume excess electric power. The first current value is different from a minimum current value to generate regeneration power arising from a braking force. The circuitry is configured to drive the electric motor with a second current value smaller than the first current value if a temperature of the electric motor is higher than a first threshold temperature or a temperature of the motor driver is higher than a second threshold temperature.

id-US9878703B2    abstract-An electrified vehicle according to an exemplary aspect of the present disclosure includes, among other things, an energy recovery mechanism, and a controller configured to selectively activate at least a battery cooling mode to dissipate excess power from the energy recovery mechanism.

id-US10093196B2    abstract-An electric storage device includes a first electric capacitor, a second electric capacitor, a converter, and a processor. The converter converts electric power transmitted between an external power system external to the electric storage device and at least one of the first electric capacitor and second electric capacitor. The processor is configured to control the converter to operate in at least one of a first mode and a second mode, the first electric capacitor continuously discharging electric power to the external power system in the first mode, the second electric capacitor discharging electric power to the external power system and being charged by the external power system, intermittently, to stabilize frequencies in the external power system in the second mode.

id-US10279686B2    abstract-A locomotive regenerative electric energy feedback system with an ice melting function, comprising two regenerative electric energy feedback devices (1). A direct-current side positive electrode of the regenerative electric energy feedback device (1) is connected to a positive electrode bus of a subway traction network, wherein the positive electrode bus is connected to an uplink contact network and a downlink contact network respectively via a first switching switch (4) and a second switching switch (5). A direct-current side negative electrode of the regenerative electric energy feedback device (1) is connected to the downlink contact network or the uplink contact network via a third switching switch (2), and the direct-current side negative electrode is connected to a negative electrode bus of the subway traction network via a fourth switching switch (3). Further disclosed is a control method corresponding to the system. In the system and method, the ice melting function on a contact network circuit between two traction stations is achieved by means of switch switching and a control method for adjusting the regenerative electric energy feedback devices, and an original regenerative electric energy feedback device is used without adding an additional device, so that the reliability is high.

id-US10633008B2    abstract-A DC-feeding-voltage calculating apparatus includes storage that stores train model information including information for controlling a regenerative power reducing amount in a train in an electrified section; feeding network model information including position information on a substation; and substation model information including control information on a substation voltage. On the basis of: the stored information; a voltage value, current values of feeders by train direction, the voltage and current values being measured in the substation; and first train information on a train including a wireless communication apparatus, an estimator estimates second train information on a train not including a wireless communication apparatus and outputs train operation information. A calculator, on the basis of the stored information and the train operation information, calculates a substation voltage setting value for controlling the substation voltage such that regenerative power is increased in a regenerative car in the electrified section.

id-EP3225446B1    abstract-

id-US20190092316A1    abstract-A second motor is connected to a shaft. A power transmission mechanism is configured to transmit power from the shaft and power from a second motor to a driving wheel. A power switching mechanism is connected to a first motor, the shaft, and an internal combustion engine. The power switching mechanism is switchable to a first state in which power transmission between the first motor and the shaft is allowed, a second state in which power transmission between the first motor and the shaft is inhibited and power transmission between the first motor and the internal combustion engine is inhibited, and a third state in which power transmission between the first motor and the internal combustion engine is allowed.

id-US20170282751A1    abstract-A vehicle includes an electric power storage, an electric power generator, a rotating electric machine, and circuitry. The rotating electric machine is driven with electric power stored in the electric power storage and/or generated by the electric power generator to move the vehicle. The circuitry is configured to calculate target driving force for rotating electric machine, to detect surplus electric power which is generated due to a response delay of the electric power generator upon decreasing an amount of electric power generated by the electric power generator when the target driving force decreases, and to drive the rotating electric machine, when detecting the surplus electric power, with a phase current different from a maximum efficiency phase current with which an electric current value or electric power loss of the rotating electric machine is smallest so that the rotating electric machine consumes the surplus electric power.

id-US20170253230A1    abstract-When a braking request is made while a SOC recovery switch is turned off, regeneration driving of a rear wheel motor is prohibited. In this case, a front wheel motor, the rear wheel motor, and an oil hydraulic brake device are controlled such that requested braking torque is exerted on a vehicle with regenerative driving of the front wheel motor and without regenerative driving of the rear wheel motor. When the braking request is made while the SOC recovery switch is turned on, the regeneration driving of the rear wheel motor is permitted. In this case, the front wheel motor, the rear wheel motor, and the oil hydraulic brake device are controlled such that the requested braking torque is exerted on the vehicle with regenerative driving of the front wheel motor and the rear wheel motor.

id-US20200149996A1    abstract-A method that may include obtaining environmental parameters related to one or more routes of a trip for a first vehicle system, and determining one or more expenditure sections and one or more charging sections of the one or more routes by predicting where the first vehicle system will consume energy and where the first vehicle system will generate the energy, respectively, during the trip based on the environmental parameters. A first trip plan may be obtained for the trip based on the one or more expenditure sections and the one or more charging sections, the trip plan designating one or more operational settings for the first vehicle system for travel during the trip.

id-JP6550188B2    abstract-

id-EP3429886B1    abstract-

id-JP6683949B2    abstract-

id-JP2017180635A    abstract-[challenges] provide a drive device that can suppress vehicle behavior disorder while ensuring the state of disconnection for as long as possible. The rear wheel drive device 1 is arranged on the power transmission path between the first and second motors 2a and 2b, the first and second motors 2a and 2b, and the rear wheel Wr. The drive source side and the wheel side are cut off or connected by releasing or fastening the drive drive device. A control device 8, which controls the switch between the interrupted and connected states of the hydraulic brake 60 and the speed of the vehicle 3, is also provided. Rearwheel drive unit 1, wet multi-plate hydraulic brake 60 plates 35, It also includes a viscosity acquisition unit for obtaining the viscosity correlation amount of oil used for cooling 36. The control device 8 fasten or maintains the viscosity correlation amount of hydraulic brake 60 when the viscosity correlation amount is above the first specified value, and controls the vehicle 3 to be below the first speed. . Select diagram in figure 16.
id-US9702304B1    abstract-A system for providing deceleration in a hybrid vehicle having a hydraulic braking system and a regenerative braking system. The system includes a hydraulic braking sensor configured to determine a status of the hydraulic braking system. The system also includes a brake pedal unit configured to determine brake pedal data. The system also includes a battery configured to store energy generated by the regenerative braking system. The system also includes a processor configured to determine whether the hydraulic braking system is compromised. The processor is also configured to detect an emergency braking situation based on the brake pedal data. The processor is also configured to increase engine speed of the engine to induce engine braking, and increase the maximum charge limit of the battery to increase a regenerative braking capacity of the regenerative braking system when the hydraulic braking system is compromised and the emergency braking situation is detected.

id-EP3424768B1    abstract-

id-US20170288526A1    abstract-A self-generating power generation system is a generating system that is designed to use a portion of the incoming power to generate additional power to make the system highly efficient. The system may be used in a motor vehicle and take advantage of the available kinetic energy of the turning wheels regenerate power to multiply the efficiency. The system uses two batteries, a brushless dc motor, a generator, gearing, relays, switches, a regulator, a diode, and a controller.

id-US20170282926A1    abstract-A regeneration control apparatus which controls a regenerative braking force of an electric motor for driving an electric motor vehicle includes: a regeneration operation unit operated by a driver to select magnitude of the regenerative braking force stepwise from selection stages; a default operation unit operated by the driver to change the magnitude of the regenerative braking force to one of the selection stages which has been set as a default stage; a detection unit detecting an operation state on the regeneration operation unit during a learning period; and a default stage changing unit, when one of the selection stages whose selection frequency is highest during the learning period is different from one of the selection stages which has been currently set as the default stage, changing the default stage to another selection stage.

id-EP3219535A1    abstract-A controlling apparatus (5) is provided for a vehicle (1) including a motor (2), an inverter (3), and a battery (4). The controlling apparatus (5) includes a determiner (6), an estimator (7), and a controller (8). The determiner (6) judges whether a first condition is satisfied or not. The first condition is satisfied if the vehicle (1) is in a coasting state in a regeneration prohibited mode in which a regenerative brake is disabled. The estimator (7) estimates whether a second condition is satisfied or not. The second condition is satisfied if the motor (2) is not to generate a regenerative torque upon a shutdown of the inverter (3). The controller (8) shuts down the inverter (3) if the determiner (6) judges that the first condition is satisfied and the estimator (7) estimates that the second condition is satisfied.

id-US20170267108A1    abstract-A power system for a locomotive. The power system includes an alternator, a first inverter system, a traction motor, a second inverter system and an auxiliary power unit. The first inverter system is coupled to the alternator and receives high voltage power from the alternator. The traction motor is coupled to the first inverter system receives high voltage power from the first inverter system. The second inverter system is also coupled to the alternator. The second inverter system steps down the high voltage power from the alternator. The auxiliary power unit is coupled to the second inverter system and receives the stepped down voltage power from the second inverter system.

id-JP2017177878A    abstract-[issues] there is a demand for work vehicles that can both ensure runnability on rough roads and reduce the power consumption of electric motors. [solution] torque change the maximum part, the rotation slow down degrees V the reference rotation is greater than the average temperature slow down degrees Celsius used Vs (S2, Is "Yes"),, the maximum torque Ta the Max shinobue was made larger (S3), the rotation slow down degree used V higher than the reference is less than the average temperature slow down degrees Celsius used Vs (S2, No), side the Ta the maximum torque Max (S5) be reduced. Selection diagram: figure 5
id-WO2017169238A1    abstract-By changing the scale of the display of the total amount of regenerative energy, we aim to improve usability. The regenerative energy display device (1) of the present invention is mounted on a vehicle (10) that can recover regenerative energy, and the display part (2) that can display a graph (5) representing the cumulative amount of regenerative energy (Aa), and the cumulative amount displayed on the display part Control section (3) controls display section (2) so that the scale (upper limit) of information representing (Aa) can be changed.
id-EP3437934A4    abstract-

id-US20180194216A1    abstract-A driving system includes: a motor; a power transmission device; a motor controller; an application force controller; and an application force acquiring device. When the motor controller receives a request for generation of power in such a state that the motor generates no power, the motor controller controls to permit and/or prohibit the generation of power of the motor based on the current application force and a necessary application force which is an application force of the power transmission device that is needed to transmit a maximum generation power of the motor in a current rotating state quantity which is a rotating state quantity that the motor is currently having.

id-US10442425B2    abstract-A work vehicle includes a propelling device, which consists of a pair of right and left front wheels and a pair of right and left rear wheels, an engine configured to drive one of the pair of front wheels and the pair of rear wheels, an electric motor configured to drive the other of the pair of front wheels and the pair of rear wheels, a battery configured to supply electric power to the electric motor, and a controller configured to control the electric motor. The controller performs regeneration control at constant current value to charge the battery with regenerative power of the electric motor at a constant current value regardless of rotation speed of the electric motor.

id-EP3216643B1    abstract-

id-US10286804B2    abstract-A system for employing gravity to provide electrical power for mining operations in a mine includes a battery configured to power an electric vehicle. The vehicle includes a kinetic energy capture system that can charge the battery as the vehicle conveys a loaded vehicle down a ramp from an ore face to a chamber. Traveling down the ramp produces a surplus charge in the battery due to a weight differential between a loaded vehicle traveling down a ramp producing more energy via the kinetic energy capture system than energy used by the vehicle to convey the empty vehicle up the ramp to the ore face. A discharging device disposed in the chamber is configured to discharge the surplus energy out of the battery and into the mine's power grid. One or multiple trips between the ore face and the chamber may fully charge the battery.

id-WO2017186505A1    abstract-One aspect of the invention relates to their installation of different gears or certain procedures for the vehicle, including a motor bicycle mounted on each engine or fixed at the mouth of each fixed lever. "Technically, in order to shift the starter to a higher speed at the request of the advanced driver, the adapter will open the clutch between the electric machine and the gearbox, reduce the speed of the electric machine, perform a gear shift, and restore the clutch." The precise method of invention is to decide whether to use the electric vehicle's engine engine operation, the first brake-type automatic braking system or its dual braking to make greater losses.
id-US9597979B1    abstract-A method of controlling a powertrain of a hybrid vehicle includes comparing an operating efficiency of a motor-generator-inverter to an upper MGI efficiency threshold when a boost operating mode is selected. When the operating efficiency of the motor-generator-inverter is equal to or greater than the upper MGI efficiency threshold, the motor-generator-inverter is controlled to operate in the boost operating mode. The operating efficiency of the motor-generator-inverter is compared to a lower MGI efficiency threshold when a regenerative operating mode is selected. When the operating efficiency of the motor-generator-inverter is equal to or greater than the lower MGI efficiency threshold, the motor-generator-inverter is controlled to operate in the regenerative operating mode.

id-JP2017195719A    abstract-[problem] we provide a control device for rotating electric devices that can substantially increase the output of rotating electric devices while preventing excessive increase in the capacity of each part of the equipment. A system (100) comprising a rotating electric motor (12), a battery (10) connected to a rotating electric motor by wiring (16), and an upper limit value setting part (43, 46, 60) for setting the upper limit of the output instruction of the rotating electric motor. A temperature acquisition unit (43, 46, 51 ~ 53, 54) for obtaining the temperature of at least one of the batteries and wiring, and a temperature acquisition unit for obtaining the output instruction of the rotating electric unit based on the temperature acquisition unit. The allowable value computing part (43, 46), which calculates the output allowable value as the upper limit, and the sending part (43, 46), which sends the output allowable value calculated by the allowable value computing part to the upper limit setting part. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20190131893A1    abstract-A system includes a rotary electric machine, wiring, a battery that is connected to the rotary electric machine by the wiring harness, and an upper limit value setting section which sets an output upper limit value that is an upper limit of an output command of the rotary electric machine. A control apparatus which controls the rotary electric machine is provided with a temperature acquisition section which acquires the temperature of at least one of the battery and the wiring, an allowable output value calculation section which calculates an allowable output value that is an upper limit allowed for an output command of the rotary electric machine, based on the temperature that is acquired by the temperature acquisition section, and a transmitting section which transmits the allowable output value calculated by the allowable value calculation section to the upper limit value setting section.

id-US20170305299A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a method for recuperation based braking of a vehicle in which electrical energy generated during a braking process is decreased by operating at lest one second electric machine of the vehicle in a zero slip mode in order to prevent overcharging of a traction battery of the vehicle.

id-WO2017177895A1    abstract-An electric energy recovery method for an electric vehicle comprises: when the first operation for an electric vehicle is detected, the first parameter (101) is obtained; According to the first parameter, whether the first presupposition condition (102) is satisfied is judged, and when the first presupposition condition is satisfied, the second parameter (103) is obtained; Generate the first instruction (104) based on the second parameter; Execute the first command to control the electric motor of the electric vehicle in the first operating mode to charge the battery of the electric vehicle (105). An electric energy recovery device for electric vehicles, an electric vehicle and a storage medium are also disclosed.
id-US20170291494A1    abstract-An electric power generation control device applied to a system including a generator capable of regenerative electric power generation, an electric power storage device capable of being charged with electric power, and a friction brake device that generates a braking force. The control device includes an operation amount acquisition unit that acquires a brake operation amount by the driver, an electric power generation amount acquisition units that increase a target electric power generation amount for the generator the larger the brake operation amount is, and have plural relationships of which the target electric power generation amounts that correspond to a certain brake amount differ, and acquire the target electric power generation amount according to one of the relationships based on change in the brake operation amount, and an electric power generation amount instruction unit that controls the generator based on the target electric power generation amount.

id-JP6663075B2    abstract-

id-US10870355B2    abstract-This motor driving control apparatus has (A) an inverter unit configured to drive a motor; (B) a separation switch configured to separate a power source from the inverter unit; and (C) a controller configured to instruct the separation switch to separate the power source from the inverter unit and control the inverter unit to perform switching according to a speed and a braking target torque, upon detecting an event that braking should be performed without passing a regenerative current to the power source from the inverter unit. By introducing the separation switch that operates as described above, it becomes possible to perform control so as to consume the power by the motor itself without passing the regenerative current to the power source such as a battery.

id-JP6889018B2    abstract-

id-EP3246194A1    abstract-An air conditioning system for an electric transport vehicle powered by an electrical supply network (2) includes at least one heat or cold production actuator (3), and control means (6) configured to generate at least one operating control (6c) applied to the said minus one actuator (3) based on parameter values representative of climatic conditions (6a), The actuator delivering average power over a predetermined time interval. (I) the control means are configured to generate at least one operating control (6c) applied to at least one actuator (3) depending further on the value of a parameter (6b) relating to at least one electric transport vehicle powered by the power supply network (2), The value of the parameter (6b) indicating that electrical energy is consumed by said at least one electric transport vehicle or that electrical energy is produced by said at least one electric vehicle.
id-US20200324844A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a personal transporter. The transporter includes a support for supporting a driver. Three or more ground engaging devices are provided for engaging the ground during transport. An electric drive is provided for driving at least one of the ground engaging devices to propel the transporter. A handle bar is provided for enabling the driver to control at least one of the ground engaging devices to steer the transporter. Advantageously, three or more ground engaging devices provide improved stability and may carry greater loads when compared with the two wheels of a Segway.

id-US20160264152A1    abstract-A locomotive assembly is provided. The locomotive assembly includes a locomotive having a power source configured to generate mechanical power. The locomotive also includes a generator configured to generate electrical power. The locomotive further includes an electric motor configured to provide motive power to the locomotive. The locomotive assembly also includes an auxiliary vehicle haying a power receiving device configured to receive electrical power from an external power grid. The auxiliary vehicle also includes a transformer and a circuit breaker. The circuit breaker and the transformer are configured to control the electrical power received by the power receiving device. The auxiliary vehicle further includes a cooling system configured to control a temperature of the transformer. The transformer is further electrically coupled to the electric motor of the locomotive to selectively provide electrical power to the locomotive.

id-US9793833B1    abstract-The invention disclosed herein is an energy recovery system, for an electric motor, that uses the properties of dynamic braking to directly recharge a capacitive load made up of energy storage devices. The system contains switching circuitry that configures the energy storage devices into a capacitive load when braking is needed. Otherwise, the system configures the energy storage devices into a power supply for regular motor operation.

id-US20170327002A1    abstract-A vehicle with electric drive can employ a pulse width modulation technique to govern the amount of drive power provided to the vehicles wheels while also governing the charging power supplied to the storage device. For example, an electric motor, generator, and a drive shaft can all be linked such that when one spins, they all spin. The disclosed technique provides for rapidly switching from powering a wheel to charging the battery. In fact, the switching can be done rapidly enough that the battery can be charged between every pulse provided to the motor. This rapid switching provides for advanced capabilities in energy harvesting and vehicle weight distribution.

id-JP6344429B2    abstract-

id-US10744868B2    abstract-A hybrid driveline assembly for a vehicle includes an engine, an electric motor, and a transmission having an input and an output. The transmission input is selectively coupled to the engine and electric motor. The transmission is shiftable between a plurality of drive modes. The driveline assembly further includes a final drive assembly operably coupled to the transmission output. The final drive assembly has a front final drive operably coupled to a rear final drive.

id-EP3463963B1    abstract-

id-EP3471263A4    abstract-

id-EP3257351B1    abstract-

id-US20170354088A1    abstract-An apparatus for controlling operation of a walk-behind electric lawn mower equipped with an electric motor, a blade cutter connected to the electric motor and a rechargeable battery mounted connected to the electric motor and a motor driver circuit. In the apparatus, when an instruction to stop the electric motor is inputted, the operation of the motor driver circuit is controlled to output regenerative electric current from three-phase coils of the electric motor. At that time, it is determined whether a rotational speed of the electric motor is equal to or less than a switching rotational speed and when it is, the motor driver circuit is controlled to switch from the regenerative braking to short-circuit braking that short-circuits the three-phase coils of the electric motor.

id-US9845124B1    abstract-The solar power system for auxiliary-powered brakes and power system for a tractor-trailer is a supplemental electrical system adapted for use with the trailer of a tractor-trailer. The solar power system for auxiliary-powered brakes and power system for a tractor-trailer is designed to: 1) assist in the acceleration of the trailer; 2) use braking energy to generate and store electricity; 3) supplement the stored energy with a renewable source; and, 4) distribute excess energy to the trailer electrical system. In one potential embodiment of the disclosure, the solar power system for auxiliary-powered brakes and power system for a tractor-trailer provides for tapping into the stored electrical energy for external use. The solar power system for auxiliary-powered brakes and power system for a tractor-trailer comprises a plurality of photovoltaic cells, one or more axle assist devices, an electricity storage device, and a distribution system.

id-US20180012425A1    abstract-A vehicle is provided that stores user information associated with a user in the vehicle and vehicle information associated with the vehicle (the vehicle information comprises a vehicle identification number of the vehicle, an electronic serial number associated with the vehicle, and/or an engine code of the vehicle), determines the user desires to interact with a third party, retrieves the user and vehicle information from the memory, combines the user information and the vehicle information into a first communication for the third party, and automatically sends the first communication to the third party for the user to authenticate the user to the third party.

id-EP3266642B1    abstract-

id-US20180009329A1    abstract-A charging system and method for charging a battery of a vehicle is disclosed. The charging system includes a movable member, such as a wind-driven element. The charging system also includes means for exposing the wind-driven element during vehicle deceleration and for covering the wind-driven element during vehicle acceleration and coasting. The charging system further includes electrical power generating means operably associated with the wind-driven element and the battery such that the electrical power generating means provides electrical power for recharging the battery when the electrical power generating means receives mechanical power from the wind-driven element. Alternative embodiments can include a drop-wheel as a movable member.

id-JP2018018610A    abstract-[challenges] in a fuel cell system that raises the temperature, suppress excessive drying of the cell. [solution] a fuel cell system consists of a fuel cell stack, a first thermometer to measure the first temperature value, a power generation voltmeter and a cell voltmeter to measure the power generation voltage, and a control unit to raise the temperature of the fuel cell stack by controlling the temperature adjustment mechanism. When the cell voltage is less than the preset voltage value, the control unit starts to raise the temperature of the fuel cell stack, and after the first temperature value reaches the first reference temperature after starting to raise the temperature, when at least one of the time measurement conditions is satisfied, the control unit starts to raise the temperature of the fuel cell stack. The time for maintaining the difference between the average voltage and the cell voltage below the predetermined voltage difference is measured, and the temperature rise ends when the measured time has passed the first reference time. A predetermined amount of time has passed since warm air operation, intermittent operation, regenerative braking has ended, or the fuel cell stack has entered a state capable of generating electricity. Select diagram: figure 4
id-US20190135135A1    abstract-Provided is an electric brake device that achieves improved responsiveness, cost reduction and also reduces the copper loss in an electric motor, thus reducing power consumption. The electric brake device includes a brake rotor ( 8 ), a friction member ( 9 ), a friction member actuator ( 6 ), an electric motor ( 4 ), a controller ( 2 ), a main power supply ( 3 ), and an auxiliary power supply ( 22 ). The auxiliary supply ( 22 ) is charged with regenerative power from the motor ( 4 ). The controller ( 2 ) includes a backflow power interruption ( 26 ) preventing the main supply ( 3 ) from being charged with the regenerative power from the motor ( 4 ), and an auxiliary power supply controller ( 24 ) causing the auxiliary supply ( 22 ) to supply running power to the motor ( 4 ) when powering the electric ( 4 ) is started in a state in which the regenerative power in the auxiliary supply ( 22 ) is greater than or equal to a set voltage.

id-US9731607B1    abstract-A vehicle brake control system includes an inverter configured to convert direct current (DC) into an alternating current (AC) for a motor of a vehicle. The inverter includes switches configured to convert the DC to the AC, as well as a resistor and a bypass switch disposed in series with each other. A controller is communicatively coupled with the inverter switches and the bypass switch. The controller opens the bypass switch so that the DC is conducted through and converted into the AC for the motor during a motoring mode. The controller closes the bypass switch so that regenerated current from the motor is conducted through the resistor of the inverter for partial dissipation of the regenerated current during a dynamic braking mode.

id-EP3273568A1    abstract-One way to "determine the battery power transmission required" : -- Create a Nutzungsmodells Flurforderzeugs by passing a Modellierungszeitraum(5) on simultaneously to the Nutzungsmodell Betriebsparametersatz is not the higher education of Betriebspausen (4) Betriebszeiten(3) and Batterieladezeiten(2) for Flurforderzeug The Modellierungszeitraums is composed during (5), another way to calculate the relationship between your usage (1) battery during operating time (3) and battery loading time (2) and other operating parameter values. Determine the optimal cargo volume error between cargo capacity (5) and cargo capacity
id-US20180043896A1    abstract-A regenerative braking control apparatus includes an interface unit configured to receive driving information of a vehicle; an object detection device configured to generate object information based on detecting an object outside the vehicle; and at least one processor. The at least one processor is configured to: determine whether to perform regenerative braking for the vehicle, based on the driving information and the object information; and provide at least one signal corresponding to a result of determining whether to perform the regenerative braking for the vehicle.

id-US10343528B2    abstract-The vehicle control apparatus include: an inputter receive a regenerative braking signal and an anti-lock brake system operation signal output, and a driver's current necessary braking pressure value, in a regenerative braking state and in an ABS started state, a determiner determines whether the input driver's current necessary braking pressure value is in a first state in which the driver's current necessary braking pressure value is less than or equal to a set target pressure value, a calculator configured to calculate a current pressure value corresponding to a coast regeneration torque value when the input driver's current necessary braking pressure value is in the first state and a controller to convert the calculated current pressure value into a ratio of the current pressure value to the driver's current necessary braking pressure value to compensate for the target pressure value, and transmit a compensated target pressure value to the braking apparatus.

id-US10668823B2    abstract-A driver assistance system may be a vehicle control system configured to perform a driver assistance operation, such as implementing cruise control or performing an automated driving control operation. The control system may be configured to perform a driver assistance operation which includes at least one step which conserves energy stored in at least one battery. The control system may conserve energy by controlling a speed or following distance of a vehicle based on road parameter, such as an uphill grade or downhill grade.

id-US11052774B2    abstract-A rail transit braking energy recovery system. The rail transit braking energy recovery system comprises a braking motor, a fuel battery, an electrolytic bath, and a hydrogen tank. The braking motor is used for converting braking energy of the rail transit into electric energy. An output end of the braking motor is connected to a power input end of the electrolytic bath. The electrolytic bath comprises a hydrogen output end and an oxygen output end, the hydrogen output end is connected to the hydrogen tank, and the hydrogen tank is connected to the fuel battery and is used for supplying hydrogen to the fuel battery. In the system, only the electrolytic bath is structurally added, and the existing vehicle-mounted hydrogen tank is directly used for storing hydrogen, therefore the structure is simple, the self weight of the vehicle body is reduced, the energy conversion efficiency is high, and at the same time, the injection of hydrogen is reduced and the operation cost is reduced. In addition, the purity of the hydrogen obtained by means of electrolysis is high, so that the hydrogen can be directly supplied to the fuel battery to be used without being processed. Also provided is a hybrid power rail transit system.

id-US11554660B2    abstract-A modular electric wheel assembly includes integral/in-built acceleration and braking componentry and/or steering and suspension componentry allowing for the modular application thereof. Each modular wheel assembly may receive drive control data from various sensors (such as accelerator and brake pedal position sensors, steering column rotational offset sensors and the like), vehicle control systems or the like so as to be able to independently drive, brake, steer and/or provide active suspension for the vehicle. The wheel assemblies may communicate with each other across a wheel assembly vehicular network, wherein a master wheel assembly may receive drive control data and control the slave wheel assemblies accordingly. The modular wheel assemblies may further communicate with each other to receive various sensor data, including rotational speed sensor data so as to be able to detect loss of traction events and the like so as to substantially autonomously take remedial traction control action.

id-WO2018040368A1    abstract-The utility model relates to a power supply system of an internal combustion EMU, which comprises an internal combustion power pack, a traction inverter connected with an internal combustion power pack and an auxiliary inverter, a traction inverter connected with a traction motor, and an auxiliary inverter connected with a vehicle load. It also includes supercapacitors in parallel with the internal combustion power pack through a DC chopper, and both the DC chopper and the diesel power pack are connected to the traction inverter and auxiliary inverter through the intermediate DC link of the traction inverter. By using the above power supply system, the intermediate voltage control is simplified, and the system stability and control simplicity are enhanced. During the traction process, the supercapacitor can provide high power for the train to start and accelerate for a short time, so a smaller internal combustion power pack can be selected, reducing the volume and weight of the internal combustion power pack and facilitating its installation. The regenerative energy of train braking is recycled, thus achieving the effect of energy saving and emission reduction. At the same time, an internal combustion EMU including the power supply system and a traction control method thereof are also disclosed.
id-US10882610B2    abstract-A braking system for a rotorcraft having a rotor hub assembly includes a generator having an armature mechanically coupled to the rotor hub assembly such that the armature is rotatable in response to rotation of the rotor hub assembly and a braking unit in selective electrical communication with the generator. The braking unit is adapted to apply an electrical resistance to rotation of the armature, thereby reducing a rotational speed of the rotor hub assembly.

id-US20180037218A1    abstract-A control system for a vehicle includes: a motor-generator to regenerate an electric power; a secondary battery to be charged with the electric power regenerated by the motor-generator; an electrical load to be activated with an electric power supplied from at least one of the motor-generator and the secondary battery; a power supply device to supply the electrical load with the electric power generated by the motor-generator based on a deceleration power generated by a braking operation of the vehicle; and an electronic control unit to calculate excess power which is electric power exceeding chargeable power with which the secondary battery is chargeable of a required deceleration power required by the braking operation, and to control the power supply device in accordance with a command value for causing the electric power supplied from the power supply device to the electrical load to be less than the excess power.

id-US20180056807A1    abstract-A method for controlling an output of an LDC in an environmentally friendly vehicle is provided. The method includes determining whether the vehicle travels in the regenerative braking mode and when the vehicle does, transmitting a first slope signal to the LDC to increase an output voltage of the LDC that charges or discharges an auxiliary battery supplying power to an electric load using a high voltage battery. The first slope signal determines an upward slope of the output voltage of the LDC according to time as a first slope. When the vehicle does not travel in the regenerative braking mode and uses a high power electric load a second slope signal is transmitted to the LDC to increase the output voltage of the LDC. The second slope signal determines the upward slope as the second slope having a slope less than the first slope.

id-US20230059385A1    abstract-A through the road (TTR) hybridization strategy is proposed to facilitate introduction of hybrid electric vehicle technology in a significant portion of current and expected trucking fleets. In some cases, the technologies can be retrofitted onto an existing vehicle (e.g., a truck, a tractor unit, a trailer, a tractor-trailer configuration, at a tandem, etc.). In some cases, the technologies can be built into new vehicles. In some cases, one vehicle may be built or retrofitted to operate in tandem with another and provide the hybridization benefits contemplated herein. By supplementing motive forces delivered through a primary drivetrain and fuel-fed engine with supplemental torque delivered at one or more electrically-powered drive axles, improvements in overall fuel efficiency and performance may be delivered, typically without significant redesign of existing components and systems that have been proven in the trucking industry.

id-US10752104B2    abstract-An auxiliary power unit equipped wheel support bearing assembly is provided which includes a wheel support bearing assembly and an auxiliary power unit. The auxiliary power unit is of a direct drive design that includes a stator mounted to a stationary ring of the wheel support bearing assembly and a motor rotor mounted to a rotational ring of the wheel support bearing assembly. An entirety of the auxiliary power unit is sized to extend less than an outer peripheral segment of a brake rotor, with the outer peripheral segment defining an area against which a brake caliper is intended to be pushed. The auxiliary power unit is, with respect to an axial direction, sized to be situated between a hub flange of the wheel support bearing assembly and a mounting face of the wheel support bearing assembly for mounting to a vehicle body of a vehicle.

id-US10500975B1    abstract-A through the road (TTR) hybridization strategy is proposed to facilitate introduction of hybrid electric vehicle technology in a significant portion of current and expected trucking fleets. In some cases, the technologies can be retrofitted onto an existing vehicle (e.g., a truck, a tractor unit, a trailer, a tractor-trailer configuration, at a tandem, etc.). In some cases, the technologies can be built into new vehicles. In some cases, one vehicle may be built or retrofitted to operate in tandem with another and provide the hybridization benefits contemplated herein. By supplementing motive forces delivered through a primary drivetrain and fuel-fed engine with supplemental torque delivered at one or more electrically-powered drive axles, improvements in overall fuel efficiency and performance may be delivered, typically without significant redesign of existing components and systems that have been proven in the trucking industry.

id-JP6811062B2    abstract-

id-US10967870B2    abstract-A hill descent system for a vehicle and a control method thereof comprising: wheels; wheel speed sensors used for detecting the speeds of the wheels; motors used for selectively driving or braking the wheels; a motor controllers, for controlling the working states of the motors; resolver sensors for detecting the rotational speeds of the motors; and a vehicle control unit for determining the actual downhill speed of the vehicle and adjusting the working states of the motors to control the descent of the vehicle.

id-US20180093571A1    abstract-A braking control method and device for a vehicle are disclosed. According to certain embodiments, the device may include a controller configured to: detect a panic braking event initiated by a user; activate regenerative braking to decelerate the vehicle; monitor an amount of friction braking generated by a friction braking system of the vehicle; monitor rotational speeds of one or more wheels of the vehicle; and adjust an amount of the regenerative braking based on the amount of the friction braking and the rotational speeds of the one or more wheels. The device may further include at least one actuator for applying the adjusted amount of the regenerative braking.

id-JP6815854B2    abstract-

id-US11465508B2    abstract-This disclosure discloses a braking-recovery system and method for a train, and a train. The system includes: a traction network, a train, and an energy storage power station. The energy storage power station is connected to the traction network, the energy storage power station includes a second controller, and the second controller controls the energy storage power station according to the voltage of the traction network to perform charging or discharging. The train includes: an electric brake; a battery; a distributor, connected to the electric brake, where there is a node between the distributor and the electric brake; a bidirectional DC/DC converter, where one end of the bidirectional DC/DC converter is connected to the battery, and another end of the bidirectional DC/DC converter is connected to the node; and a first controller, used to control, when the train is braked, the distributor and the bidirectional DC/DC converter to feed back braking electric energy of the train to the traction network, and control the bidirectional DC/DC converter according to a voltage of the traction network to absorb the braking electric energy of the train by using the battery.

id-US9718341B1    abstract-Power systems, heat exchanger systems, electrical regeneration systems and air drag reduction systems for a wheeled vehicle are provided. The systems comprise a vehicle that includes a compressed air system and electrical system. The power and drag reduction system also comprises a plurality of pneumatic motors, one each connected to each wheel, the pneumatic motors using compressed air to drive each wheel. The electrical system supports vehicle braking and regenerates electricity for vehicle batteries. A heat exchanger heats expanding air and is configured to substantially evenly distribute said heated air to the pneumatic motors. Air from a front grill is diverted to impellers that turn electric generators to regenerate power and reduce drag. A drag reducing arrangement blending mirrors with camera into the vehicle body is included as is a plug-in 120-volt trickle charge system and a quick charge (DC) system for battery charging.

id-US20180086330A1    abstract-A power system includes: an internal combustion engine; an electric motor; a power generator to drive a driven load; a power transmission mechanism via which power is transmitted from the internal combustion engine, the electric motor, and the power generator to the driven load and via which power is transmitted between the internal combustion engine and the power generator; a first power storage and a second power storage to store electric power; a power transmission circuit electrically connecting the electric motor, the power generator, the first power storage, and the second power storage so as to transmit electric power from the first power storage and the second power storage to the electric motor and the power generator; and a processor configured to control the power transmission circuit such that the first power storage and the second power storage feed electric power to the electric motor and the power generator.

id-US9963032B2    abstract-Power systems, heat exchanger systems, electrical regeneration systems and air drag reduction systems for a wheeled vehicle are provided. The systems comprise a vehicle that includes a compressed air system and electrical system. The power and drag reduction system also comprises a plurality of pneumatic motors, one each connected to each wheel, the pneumatic motors using compressed air to drive each wheel and a plurality of electric motors, two each connected to each wheel, the electric motors using electric power to drive each wheel. Based on operator action, the vehicle is propelled by one of compressed air system operation and electrical system operation. Motors associated with each of the compressed air system and electrical system are attached to and drive each wheel separately. The compressed air system and electrical system operate separately and recharge battery systems.

id-JP6372532B2    abstract-

id-US20180086343A1    abstract-Vehicles including a plurality of front and rear ground engaging members, a front driveline operatively coupled to a first power source, a rear driveline operatively coupled to a second power source, at least one controller operatively coupled to the first drive system and the second drive system are disclosed. The vehicles may further include a torque request input adapted to be actuatable by an operator of the vehicle. The torque request input may provide an indication of a requested torque to the at least one controller. The at least one controller may, based on the requested torque, command a first output of the first drive system to the at least one front ground engaging member and a second output of the second drive system to the at least one rear ground engaging member. Vehicle drive control systems are also disclosed. Methods of controlling torque and battery management are also disclosed.

id-US10107390B2    abstract-A vehicle may include a controller configured to, in response to an accelerator pedal release and an expected regenerative braking event, increase an engagement pressure of a torque converter clutch prior to occurrence of the event to a threshold that is based on a regenerative braking torque estimate associated with the event such that during the event, the clutch transfers more torque than the converter.

id-JP6976083B2    abstract-

id-JP6725879B2    abstract-

id-US20180072305A1    abstract-A system for controlling regenerative braking in a hybrid vehicle, includes: a driving information sensor detecting driving information; a motor assisting a driving force of an engine in an acceleration interval of the hybrid vehicle; a motor controller charging a battery using a regenerative energy generated by the motor; a hybrid controller calculating a first braking force generated by friction in the engine according to a first gear stage of the hybrid vehicle, setting a second braking force due to friction in the engine used to compensate for a limited regenerative braking force using a kick-down shifting at a second gear stage as a target regenerative braking force, and controlling the kick-down shifting using a third gear stage that compensates for the limited regenerative braking force and corresponds to the braking force due to friction in the engine; and a transmission controller performing the kick-down shifting.

id-EP3517336A1    abstract-An auxiliary power unit equipped wheel support bearing assembly (1) is provided which includes a wheel support bearing assembly (2) and an auxiliary power unit (3). The auxiliary power unit (3) is of a direct drive design that includes a stator (18) mounted to a stationary ring (4) of the wheel support bearing assembly (2) and a motor rotor (19) mounted to a rotational ring (5) of the wheel support bearing assembly (2). An entirety of the auxiliary power unit (3) is sized to extend less than an outer peripheral segment (17b) of a brake rotor (17), with the outer peripheral segment (17b) defining an area against which a brake caliper (16) is intended to be pushed. The auxiliary power unit (3) is, with respect to an axial direction, sized to be situated between a hub flange (7) of the wheel support bearing assembly (2) and a mounting face (4a) of the wheel support bearing assembly (2) for mounting to a vehicle body of a vehicle.

id-JPWO2018061400A1    abstract-We provide a hybrid energy storage system that can ease constraints on the characteristics of the target power supply while using both power and capacity batteries. The composite energy storage system according to the invention stores dc power in the power battery 13 and the capacity battery 15, and supplies the stored dc power to the power supply object 11, The dc power stored in the capacitive battery 15 is output to 12, and the dc power is supplied to object 11, through the power control device 14. The output power is 12, and the capacitive battery 15 is connected in parallel with the power battery 13 through the power control device 14.
id-EP3308993A1    abstract-A motor driving control apparatus in the embodiment includes : a first controller configured to control powering and regeneration of a motor; a second controller configured to control the first controller; and an assistant unit configured to activate the second controller in a stop state, when a counter electromotive force caused by the motor, which is rotated without control by the first controller, satisfies a predetermined condition, before a power-on instruction for the motor driving control apparatus is made or in a state where the power-on instruction for the motor driving control apparatus is not made.

id-JP2019533415A    abstract-The invention relates to the charging of an electrical energy storage device using a power conversion device. In the present invention, a power conversion device monitors the electrical connection between the power conversion device and the charged electrical energy storage device. If the disconnection between the power converter and the power converter is detected, for example, the disconnection between the power converter and the power converter is opened, the electric power used to charge the power converter by the power converter. Further provision of qi energy is immediately stopped. In this way, dangerous excessive voltage rise in the power conversion device can be avoided. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2018056190A1    abstract-The power supply device of this disclosure is connected in parallel to the first energy storage element and the first energy storage element, and the second energy storage element has a smaller internal resistance than the first energy storage element and a smaller storage capacity than the first energy storage element, the first energy storage element and the second energy storage element The opening and closing part switching between the cut-off state and the connection state, the charging circuit connected to the input path of the first power storage element for step-down operation, the discharge circuit connected to the output path of the second power storage element for step-up operation, and the opening A closed part and a control part are provided for controlling the operation of the charging circuit and the discharge circuit.
id-US20180083252A1    abstract-An assembled battery includes non-aqueous electrolyte batteries laminated with each other and at least one lead being interposed between two adjacent batteries. The lead is connected to the two adjacent batteries and has an area larger than that of a side surface of each battery, the side surface being opposing to the lead. Each battery includes at least one positive electrode, at least one negative electrode and a non-aqueous electrolyte. The positive electrode includes a current collector and positive electrode active material layers provided on both side surfaces of the collector. The negative electrode includes a negative electrode current collector and negative electrode active material layers provided on both side surfaces of the collector.

id-US20180079312A1    abstract-A smart braking system for a vehicle is provided. The smart braking system selectively activates a braking system of the vehicle when the smart braking system detects a scenario in which it is likely that a constant vehicle speed, rather than an increasing vehicle speed, would be desired by a driver. In one example, a driver releases an accelerator while the vehicle is on a decline but the vehicle accelerates anyway. In this instance, the smart braking system records the speed of the vehicle when the accelerator is released and applies the braking system to maintain the speed of the vehicle at the recorded speed while the vehicle is on the decline. The smart braking system stops activating the braking system upon detecting that braking is no longer needed to slow down the vehicle.

id-WO2018064684A1    abstract-Some implementations include a magnetic energy conversion system comprising a magnet rotor assembly having one or more magnets radially spaced apart, wherein the magnet rotor assembly is configured to be attached to a driveshaft of a vehicle, and a stator assembly having one or more electrical coils, wherein the stator assembly includes a housing and one or more electrical coils, wherein the housing is configured to be placed around the driveshaft of the vehicle and around the magnet rotor assembly attached to the driveshaft so that the one or more electrical coils are in the field of the one or more magnets at least temporarily when the magnet rotor assembly rotates when the driveshaft of the vehicle turns.

id-WO2018056270A1    abstract-Vehicle power can improve vehicle performance such as driving performance, braking performance and fuel consumption by providing driving assistance, regenerative braking, and power generation with a driven wheel. Provide auxiliary systems. It is applicable to vehicles with a main drive source (5) such as an internal combustion engine and a driven wheel (4) that is mechanically disconnected. The driven wheel (4) is supported by a wheel bearing (31) equipped with an electric generator (8) for driving assistance. In the electric generator (8), the rotor is fixed directly to the rotating side wheel of the wheel bearing (31) without using an increase or decrease speed mechanism. It is equipped with a storage device (19) that stores the regenerative power generated by the electric generator (8) and supplies the stored power to the electric generator (8).
id-EP3308997A1    abstract-Vehicles, all of them fitted with a drive (10, 11) and/or at least a bicycle camp (12), fitted with a trained drive (10, 11) and/or a heating oven for a bicycle camp (12), a reduction control (2) and a carburetor (7). The connecting switch (2) and the output end are connected to the heating device (8) and the provided thermal energy control unit is manufactured.
id-WO2018047333A1    abstract-A control device that generates power for the load used to drive the load mounted on the vehicle from the power supplied from the battery and supplies the generated power for the load to the load when the power supply from the battery is cut off It includes a power circuit that USES the regenerative power generated by the motor used by the vehicle to generate the load power.
id-US20180086435A1    abstract-A power supply apparatus for an aerospace actuator includes motor drive electronics for actuation of a motor for control of the aerospace actuator, and an energy storage device. The motor drive electronics are configured to receive input electrical energy from an aircraft power grid, receive electrical energy from the energy storage device and provide electrical energy from the grid and/or from the energy storage device to the motor. The energy storage device is configured to store at least one of: excess electrical energy supplied to the motor drive electronics from the grid and regenerated electrical energy from the motor drive electronics. The energy storage device is configured to discharge the stored energy as electrical energy to the motor drive electronics when required.

id-EP3522349A1    abstract-A power conversion device for a railroad vehicle according to one embodiment of the present invention is configured such that a first power conversion device for converting first DC power from a DC power source into AC power, and a second power conversion device for converting the first DC power into second DC power having a voltage level different from the voltage level of the first DC power and for storing the second DC power in a power storage means, are connected in parallel to the DC power source. The power conversion device controls the second power conversion device on the basis of a charging/discharging control command for the power storage means, and a voltage oscillation component superimposed on the first DC power. As a result, a resonance phenomenon in a DC section, to which the first and second power conversion devices are connected in parallel, can be prevented without adjusting control parameters and circuits of the first power conversion device. Consequently, emergency travel and effective utilization of power can be easily achieved by mounting a power storage device in an existing vehicle drive system, for example.

id-WO2018064622A1    abstract-A through the road (TTR) hybridization strategy is proposed to facilitate introduction of hybrid electric vehicle technology in a significant portion of current and expected trucking fleets. In some cases, the technologies can be retrofitted onto an existing vehicle (e.g., a trailer, a tractor-trailer configuration, etc.). In some cases, the technologies can be built into new vehicles. In some cases, one vehicle may be built or retrofitted to operate in tandem with another and provide the hybridization benefits contemplated herein. By supplementing motive forces delivered through a primary drivetrain and fuel-fed engine with supplemental torque delivered at one or more electrically-powered drive axles, improvements in overall fuel efficiency and performance may be delivered, typically without significant redesign of existing components and systems that have been proven in the trucking industry.

id-US10604022B2    abstract-A control apparatus for an electric vehicle provided with an electric motor serving as a drive power source, and a step-variable transmission disposed in a power transmitting path between the electric motor and drive wheels, the control apparatus having a first control mode in which acceleration and deceleration of the vehicle are controlled on the basis of operations by an operator of the vehicle to accelerate and decelerate the vehicle, and a second control mode in which the acceleration and deceleration of the vehicle are automatically adjusted according to a target running state of the vehicle, irrespective of the operations of the operator, the control apparatus including a shift-down action initiating condition setting portion configured to set a shift-down action initiating condition for initiating a shift-down action of the step-variable transmission during a regenerative decelerating run of the vehicle, according to a torque-related value related to a regenerative torque generated by the electric motor, and a running speed of the vehicle. The shift-down action initiating condition setting portion sets the shift-down action initiating condition such that the shift-down action is initiated at a higher value of the running speed of the vehicle during the regenerative decelerating run in the second control mode, than in the first control mode.

id-US20180111497A1    abstract-The present invention provides a power allocation method for an electric vehicle, which comprises: obtaining parameters for estimation from a power management system of the vehicle; b) estimating an available discharge power of the battery based on the obtained parameters for estimation; c) based on the available discharge power and power demands from a plurality of electric power demanding components of the vehicle, determining the power to be allocated for each of the plurality of power demanding components; d) outputting the allocated power to the electric power demanding components, and in the case the power is required to be converted into a torque, converting the allocated power into a torque and outputting the torque. A power allocation system is also provided.

id-US10442313B2    abstract-A charge controller for an electric mining vehicle is configured to determine an amount of charge to be provided to a battery of the electric mining vehicle for an upcoming trip based on regenerative braking power generation and load indication measured during a previous trip. The charge controller is further configured to command a battery charger to charge the battery up to the determined amount of charge and to stop charging the battery once the determined amount of charge has been reached.

id-US10730394B2    abstract-An electromechanical integrated machine (EIM) according to an exemplary aspect of the present disclosure includes, among other things, an internal rotor coupled to a vehicle wheel and an external rotor coupled to a flywheel. An electrified vehicle according to an exemplary aspect of the present disclosure includes, among other things, a first EIM associated with a first wheel, a second EIM associated with a second wheel, a battery having energy to power the first and second wheels, and a flywheel to receive energy from the first and second EIMs during braking. Each EIM includes an internal rotor coupled to the respective first or second wheel and an external rotor coupled to the flywheel.

id-US10593970B2    abstract-An output performance recovering device for a fuel cell includes: a diagnosis unit configured to determine whether it is necessary to recover a catalyst of a fuel cell mounted as a power source for traveling in a vehicle from short-term performance deterioration; a recovery unit configured to control a voltage of the fuel cell and to perform recovery processing for recovering the catalyst from the short-term performance deterioration; a calculation unit configured to calculate a parameter correlated with a predicted output value of the fuel cell which has been predicted to be output on a scheduled traveling route of the vehicle based on a gradient of the scheduled traveling route of the vehicle and a predicted vehicle speed of the vehicle on the scheduled traveling route; and a determination unit configured to determine whether the parameter indicates the predicted output value is greater than a first threshold value.

id-US10005446B2    abstract-A method for controlling a state of charge (SOC) of a battery for a cruise travel of a hybrid vehicle includes predicting, by a controller, the SOC of the battery including a change slope of the SOC of the battery for the cruise travel based on a measured value of the SOC. The method includes determining, by the controller, whether the predicted SOC of the battery is equal to or greater than a maximum value of a normal range of the battery when the change slope of the SOC is greater than zero. The method includes driving, by the controller, only a driving motor of the hybrid vehicle whereby the driving motor uses electric power of the battery when the predicted SOC of the battery reaches the maximum value of the normal range of the battery. The normal range of the battery is a region required for the cruise travel of the hybrid vehicle.

id-US20180099581A1    abstract-A system for the recovery of kinetic energy, such as the energy from a rotating wheel of a vehicle, comprises a first electric motor/generator rotationally connected to at least one kinetic energy input; a battery; an electric/hydraulic regen system comprising a second electric motor/generator; and an electrical drive regen controller. The controller is configured to proportion electrical energy, generated from rotation of the first electric motor/generator, between the battery and the second electric motor/generator, based in part on the rate of charging capability of the battery. In this way, energy that would normally be lost as dissipated heat is directed to an electric/hydraulic regen system and stored. A method for the recovery of kinetic energy, utilizing such a system comprising: rotating a first electric motor/generator via one or more kinetic energy input to generate an electric current; transmitting the electric current to an electrical drive regen controller; and splitting the electric current between a battery and a second electric motor/generator via the electrical drive regen controller.

id-US9973059B1    abstract-An energy recovery system for a machine, and particularly a multi-wheeled vehicle, includes an energy generation component housed within one of said wheel assemblies, coupled to an energy storage component which selectively receives energy from said vehicle motion effect on said energy generation component and delivers said energy to a said energy storage component. In one embodiment, said energy generation is an electric generator, and said storage component is an electric battery.

id-WO2018066625A1    abstract-Rotating electric control device 50 includes rotating electric control unit 52 and relay control unit 53. The rotary electric control unit (52) controls the drive of the rotary electric unit (3), which is the power source of the vehicle (90). The relay control unit 53 controls the relay unit 15, which allows or disallows power from the power supply unit 10 capable of supplying power to the rotating electric unit 3. The rotation electric control unit 52 performs the regeneration reduction treatment to reduce the regeneration amount of the rotation electric unit 3 in the relay cut-off preparation stage of the relay section 15, which may be cut off before the abnormality is determined to require the cut-off of the relay section 15.
id-US10328802B2    abstract-System, methods, and other embodiments described herein relate to adapting a manner of braking according to brake wear of friction brakes of a vehicle. In one embodiment, a method includes identifying whether brake wear of at least one of the friction brakes satisfies a threshold for modifying a deceleration pattern of the vehicle. The deceleration pattern indicates how regenerative brakes and the friction brakes are engaged to decelerate the vehicle individually for each wheel of the vehicle. The method includes adjusting the deceleration pattern according to at least the brake wear of the at least one of the friction brakes to transition braking from the at least one of the friction brakes to the regenerative brakes. The method includes controlling the vehicle to decelerate according to the deceleration pattern upon receiving a control input.

id-US20190270384A1    abstract-A vehicle braking energy recovering method includes obtaining current location information of a vehicle, determining a current road scenario based on the current location information of the vehicle, determining the current road scenario based on a mapping relationship between a road scenario and a weight, determining a safe distance and a safe speed of the vehicle based on the weight, determining a target torque based on the safe distance and the safe speed of the vehicle, and controlling, based on the target torque, a motor of the vehicle to recover braking energy.

id-US11040269B2    abstract-An electric weight sensing skateboard using one or more strain gauge systems to detect rider-induced strain on one or both trucks, an inertial sensor to detect accelerations and balance position, and wheel speed sensors. Throttle is controlled by rider position, for example, lean forward to increase speed, lean back to slow down. Several drive methods include a driver position detection velocity setpoint control, torque setpoint control, and direct velocity/torque control. A throttle remote is note required. Rider weight activates the motors.

id-US11214153B2    abstract-A driving system includes a first alternating-current rotary electrical machine and a second alternating-current rotary electrical machine. The driving system includes: a first inverter electrically connected to the first alternating-current rotary electrical machine; a second inverter electrically connected to a first end of each of phase windings constituting the second alternating-current rotary electrical machine; a step-up converter; and a third inverter that is electrically connected to a second end of each of the phase windings and transfers power to a second direct-current power source different from the first direct-current power source to drive the second alternating-current rotary electrical machine. The step-up converter raises an output voltage of the first direct-current power source and outputs the output voltage to the first inverter and the second inverter. The second direct-current power source and the first alternating-current rotary electrical machine are connected by a single connection route.

id-US10994632B2    abstract-A dual-voltage battery for a vehicle includes a plurality of battery cells, wherein in each case a group of battery cells is connected to a battery cell block, and a battery electronics system with a plurality of power switching elements for connection in series or in parallel of in each case individual battery cell blocks. In a first connection arrangement of the battery cell blocks, a first voltage is provided and in a second connection arrangement, a second voltage is provided. At least a first battery cell block is provided as part of a first voltage supply unit, at least a second battery cell block is provided as part of a second voltage supply unit, at least two third battery cell blocks are provided as part of a third voltage supply unit, and at least two fourth battery cell blocks are provided as part of a fourth voltage supply unit.

id-US10017172B2    abstract-Methods, systems, and apparatus for providing coasting guidance for a vehicle and improving visibility of the indicator, on the display, to indicate to the driver to begin coasting. The coasting guidance system includes a display configured to display an indicator to a driver to begin coasting. The coasting guidance system includes an electronic control unit coupled to the display. The electronic control unit is configured to determine a location of a stop event for the vehicle and determine a braking location for the vehicle based on the location of the stop event for the vehicle. The electronic control unit is configured to determine an ideal coasting location for the vehicle based on the braking location for the vehicle and cause an indicator on the display to pulse at or within a threshold distance of the ideal coasting location to indicate to the driver to begin coasting.

id-US20200055411A1    abstract-A motor vehicle on-board power system with a power converter, windings, an electric machine and a delta switch group is described. The electric machine is connected to the power converter, wherein a DC external connection is provided. The delta switch group connects the windings in a delta configuration. At least one switch of the delta switch group also connects at least one alternating current connection of the power converter to the DC external connection. A configuration controller actuates the delta switch group and has, on the one hand, the function of actuating the delta switch group in the closed state or open state within a driving state, according to a configuration specification. When energy is transmitted via the DC external connection, at least one switch of the delta switch group is actuated by the configuration controller according to a closed switching state. In addition, an associated method is described.

id-US10377244B2    abstract-A braking control method includes steps of: (i) confirming whether to enter a blending section where regenerative braking torque is reduced and friction braking torque is increased; (ii) determining a target reduced deceleration by a controller upon entering the blending section; (iii) reducing braking torque of a vehicle in response to the determined target reduced deceleration; and (iv) returning the braking torque of the vehicle to driver's requested braking torque when the vehicle is being stopped.

id-US10479211B2    abstract-A regenerative braking control apparatus of a vehicle may include: a drive motor; a battery for providing driving voltage to the drive motor; a data detector for detecting a driving state information of the vehicle; and a vehicle controller generating a total braking amount based on the driving state information. In particular, the vehicle controller generates a regenerative braking possible amount by using a generatable power of the drive motor and a chargeable power of the battery, performs a regenerative braking when the regenerative braking possible amount is greater than the total braking amount, and also prepares a hydraulic pressure braking based on the regenerative braking possible amount and a regenerative braking amount based on the regenerative braking.

id-WO2018085791A1    abstract-A chassis mounted energy extraction and delivery system. In one embodiment, a gravity-referenced, external tire inflation facility is integrated into an aerodynamic fairing mounted on the chassis of a vehicle. In one other embodiment, a torsion bar coupled between a hub-mounted energy extraction or delivery facility and a selected portion of the chassis provides a cross-referenced fixed point of reference. In a dual-axle embodiment, a first end of the torsion bar is coupled to the hub of one axle and a second end of the torsion bar is coupled to the hub of the other axle. In a single-axle embodiment, the second end of the torsion bar is coupled to the chassis.

id-US20180141541A1    abstract-A hybrid vehicle has a drive comprising an internal combustion engine, has an energy converter comprising an electric machine that can be operated for recuperation purposes, and has a control unit that is operatively connected to an operating element, to the drive and to the energy converter. The hybrid vehicle glides when the drive is not in the propulsion mode of operation and with an electric motor operated in a recuperation intensity stage in a first drive state. Based on the control unit having made the determination that the operating element was actuated, the determination is made in the control unit as to whether a condition is present, whereby the duration of the actuation of the operating element is determined and it is determined in a comparison that the duration is below the time threshold value. If the condition is present, a changeover is made from the first drive state to a second drive state in which the hybrid vehicle is then operated.

id-US20200080455A1    abstract-A wireless power transfer system for a train that includes one or more locomotive units with an energy storage system and one or more passenger cars units that transmit power to the one or more locomotive units. The wireless power transfer system includes one or more HEP cables through which power is provided from the one or more passenger car units to the one or more locomotive units, one or more wireless power transfer (WPT) transmitters mounted to the rail separate from the train, a WPT receiver on one of the one or more passenger cars configured to receive power from one of the one or more WPT transmitters, and an inverter on the one of the one or more passenger car units connected to the HEP cables. The inverter receives power from the WPT receiver and sends the power to the energy storage system through the HEP cables.

id-US10926648B2    abstract-A method for operating a motor vehicle. At least one electric engine designed for driving the motor vehicle is used to recuperate electric energy. In this case, a travel of the motor vehicle during a period of time lying ahead is taken into account. During the use of at least one electric engine for recuperating the electric energy, it is taken into account whether during a thermal load of the at least one electric engine in the period lying ahead, a reduction of the power that can be output by at least one electric engine is to be expected. The at least one electric engine then recuperates an amount of electric energy during the deceleration of the motor vehicle which is smaller than the amount of electric energy that can be recuperated during the deceleration by the at least one electric engine. The invention relates in addition also to a motor vehicle.

id-US20180141536A1    abstract-An internal combustion engine assembly for a motor vehicle is provided. The engine assembly comprising: an engine; an electric motor; and a balance shaft comprising an eccentric mass, wherein the electric motor is configured to selectively rotate the balance shaft in order to balance a vibration characteristic of the engine. A method of operating the engine assembly is also provided.

id-JP2018086933A    abstract-[challenges] suppress the decline in drivability. [solution] an engine, an electric motor capable of applying braking force to the vehicle, a battery that transfers power between the motor and the vehicle, a hydraulic brake capable of applying braking force to the vehicle, and a hydraulic shake between the engine, electric motor and the hydraulic pressure based on the driver's brake on operation In a hybrid vehicle, regenerative coordination control is limited when the open end voltage of the battery is above the first predetermined voltage. Thus, the charging of the battery can be suppressed and the voltage of the open end of the battery can be further increased. Engine brakes are similar or have less effect, so they can prevent the engine from blowing up. As a result, the decrease in drivability can be suppressed. Select diagram: figure 3
id-JP2020018025A    abstract-[challenges] to make auxiliary machines controllable to meet different requirements. The request acquisition part (S100) is used to obtain one of multiple requests from an external device (60, 80) connected to the communication to make the auxiliary work for two or more different purposes; A unit (S102) and an operation control unit (S104, S108) that enables the auxiliary machine to operate according to the use determined by the determination unit. Select diagram: figure 3
id-WO2018087040A1    abstract-Vehicle, vehicle equipped with (2) motor vehicle engine (1), generator (3) and automatic regulation system (4), Install the automatic navigation system (4) in the activated Bremsbetriebs Kraftfahrzeuges:(1) Generators Ausgangsspannung (U)(3) AD Brems-Generatorspannung (B) Add and activate a Normalfahrbetriebs Kraftfahrzeu and more (1)Generators Ausgangsspannung (U)(3) Fahr-Generatorspannung F (U) abzusenken, Generatorsteuerung(4) Stable use of motor vehicle starting work (1) to determine motor vehicle voltage (3) and set power voltage (3).
id-US20180142595A1    abstract-An engine with an SCR catalyst aftertreatment system includes a turbocharger exhaust duct in fluid communication with the turbocharger outlet and a heating loop segment including an inlet and an outlet. The inlet and the outlet are in fluid communication with the exhaust duct, and the inlet extracts a portion of exhaust gases from the exhaust duct. The engine further includes an exhaust pressure driven air amplifier, an electric preheater, a fuel injector, an oxidation catalyst, a urea injector, and a temperature sensor on the heating loop segment.

id-JP6570769B2    abstract-

