id-US11198377B2    abstract-The present invention relates to a power management system of a pure electric vehicle powered exclusively by batteries which allows the vehicle to carry a load of up to 13 tons, where the system of the present invention is provided with five blocks: a battery system (SBAT) ( 3 ), a control and power logic unit (ULCP) ( 4 ), a traction system (STR) ( 5 ), an auxiliary system (SAX) ( 36 ), and a driver's control panel (PCM)  81 , where such blocks are interconnected by two buses, CAN bus ( 128 ) and Digital/Analogical BDA ( 129 ). The battery system has two battery banks ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) in parallel which are monitored by the BMS ( 76 ). The BMS ( 76 ) checks whether the voltages at the output of the batteries are the same as the input of the inverter ( 8 ) and manages the use of the battery banks in conjunction with the eVSI ( 73 ) by operating the battery bank ( 1 ) or the battery bank ( 2 ) or both depending on the load conditions of each bank. The eVSI ( 73 ) coordinates the control and power logic unit (ULCP) ( 4 ) which, through its components, controls the flow of energy between the battery banks, the traction system (STR) ( 5 ) and the auxiliary system (SAX) ( 36 ).

id-JP2019127211A    abstract-[challenges] to properly control the generating torque of the generator. [solution] this is a vehicle control device, which is connected to the wheels via the power transmission path, the brake operation unit operated by the occupant, the wheel braking unit that stops the wheels, and the hydraulic unifier that controls the pressure of the brake fluid supplied to the wheel braking unit. The first sensor for detecting the brake stroke Bs as the amount of operation of the brake operating unit, the second sensor for detecting the brake liquid pressure Bp as the pressure of the brake liquid, and the first sensor for detecting the brake liquid pressure Bs as the pressure of the brake liquid. The first ideal deceleration speed setting section 80a is used to set the ideal deceleration speed Dx when the vehicle is decelerating based on the brake stroke Bs. The second ideal is used to set the ideal deceleration speed Dx when the vehicle is decelerating based on the brake liquid pressure Bp when the second control mode is executed. The ISG controller 24 limits the power generation torque of the generator based on the ideal reduction speed Dx set by the first or second ideal reduction speed setting parts 80a and 80b. Select diagram in figure 7.
id-US10632987B2    abstract-The disclosure provides a driving device of a vehicle, wherein even if a power storage device is fully charged, the driving device is capable of applying a corresponding decelerating force to a driving wheel. The driving device of the vehicle includes a motor as a driving source, a first planetary gear mechanism connected to the motor, a second planetary gear mechanism connected to the first planetary gear mechanism, and a differential mechanism connected with driving wheels from the second planetary gear mechanism, and further includes a brake detachably connecting a ring gear of the second planetary gear mechanism to a fixed-side member, and a lock mechanism capable of locking the differential mechanism.

id-US11498535B2    abstract-An apparatus includes a control apparatus for an electric vehicle. The control apparatus outputs an instruction to reduce the first regenerative braking force according to the physical amount regarding the stroke of the brake pedal to the electric motor. The control apparatus also outputs an instruction to add a braking force corresponding to a third regenerative braking force, which is a regenerative braking force corresponding to an amount of the reduction in the first regenerative braking force, to the brake actuation braking force when the signal regarding the pressing of the brake pedal is input after the signal regarding the return of the pressed accelerator pedal is input.

id-US10882510B2    abstract-Systems and methods are provided for determining an optimal point during operation of a hybrid electric vehicle towing a trailer at which the energy that can be recouped through regenerative braking is maximized. Operating conditions or characteristics of the hybrid electric vehicle and the brake characteristics of the trailer are considered in determining the optimal point at which the energy that can be recouped is maximized. At the optimal point at which the energy that can be recouped is maximized, the engine of the hybrid electric vehicle is turned off. Otherwise, the engine of the hybrid electric vehicle is left on.

id-US20190232796A1    abstract-A transportation system is disclosed herein. The transportation system may be useful to convey a user from an origin to a destination. The transportation system includes a network of enclosed passageways, roadway lanes passing though and networking within the passageways, vehicles able to pass along the roadway lanes within the passageways, and multiple passenger terminals dispersed along the passageways to effect boarding of passengers onto the vehicles. The passageways have an interior for containing the rails and vehicles, and an exterior. The vehicle has at least one induction motor for propulsion which engages the electromagnetic rail, a storage device electrically powering the motor, and a braking system able to decelerate the vehicle.

id-US10836263B2    abstract-A control apparatus of a vehicle includes, as a power plant, a motor and a transmission configured to transmit rotation of the motor to an output shaft. The control apparatus comprises: an acquisition unit configured to acquire information of a stop position at which the vehicle stops; a decision unit configured to decide a deceleration start position at which deceleration is started to stop at the stop position; and a control unit configured to switch, when performing deceleration control of the vehicle toward the stop position, deceleration control of the power plant between a manual driving mode and an automated driving mode.

id-US20190225087A1    abstract-A method is indicated for operating a motor vehicle, as well as a motor vehicle, having an electric machine for the positive or negative acceleration of the motor vehicle as well as a mechanical brake device for reducing the vehicle speed of the motor vehicle. In a special brake operation mode, a deceleration demand (V) is detected, and a target rotational speed curve (nsoll) of the electric machine is determined in dependence on the deceleration demand (V). An actual rotational speed (nist) of the electric machine for reducing the vehicle speed of the motor vehicle is then adapted to the target rotational speed curve (nsoll) so determined.

id-JP2019129665A    abstract-[challenges] increase the regenerative power of the generator. The starter generator 16 connected to the wheel 20 through the power transmission path 60 and the lithium-ion battery 31 connected to the starter generator 16 for the first allowable voltage set. In parallel, the starter generator 16 is connected to the lead battery 32 for which the second allowable voltage is set, the battery sensor 43 for detecting the terminal voltage of the lithium-ion battery 31, and the battery sensor for detecting the terminal voltage of the lead battery 32. Para 46 and power generation control unit 52 include: when the starter generator 16 is controlled to a regenerative state, the power generation control unit 52 increases the power generation voltage of the starter generator 16 above both the first allowable voltage and the second allowable voltage. The rise in the generating voltage of the starter generator 16 is prohibited when the terminal voltage of the on-battery 31 reaches the first allowed voltage or the terminal voltage of the lead battery 32 reaches the second allowed voltage. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20190202293A1    abstract-A system includes a conversion circuit of a vehicle system that conductively couples a conversion device with first motors of the vehicle system. The electrical conversion device converts non-electrical energy into conversion-based electric current that is conducted to the first motors. The system also includes a storage circuit of the vehicle system that conductively couples a storage device with second motors of the vehicle system. The storage device supplies stored electric current to the second motors of the vehicle system. The system also includes a controller configured to control the second motors to brake and generate charging electric current that is conducted through the storage circuit to charge the storage device. The conversion circuit and the storage circuit are separate circuits such that the storage device is not charged with the conversion-based electric current conducted in the conversion circuit.

id-JP2019131024A    abstract-[challenges] we will provide a control device for human-powered vehicles that can appropriately control the behavior of human-powered vehicles and a braking system for human-powered vehicles including this device. The control device for the human-powered vehicle includes a control unit that USES an electric actuator to control the braking force of the human-powered vehicle, and the control unit is the electric power that corresponds to the rate of the human-powered force input to the human-powered vehicle. Control the moving actuator. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-US11148820B1    abstract-One variation of a system for generating thrust at an aerial vehicle includes: a primary electric motor; a rotor coupled to the motor; an internal-combustion engine; a clutch interposed between the motor and an output shaft of the internal-combustion engine; an engine shroud defining a shroud inlet between the rotor and the internal-combustion engine, extending over the internal-combustion engine, and defining a shroud outlet opposite the rotor; a cooling fan coupled and configured to displace air through the engine shroud; and a local controller configured to receive a rotor speed command specifying a target rotor speed, adjust a throttle setpoint of the internal-combustion engine according to the target rotor speed and a state of charge of a battery in the aerial vehicle, and drive the primary electric motor to selectively output torque to the rotor and to regeneratively brake the rotor according to the target rotor speed.

id-EP3743305B1    abstract-

id-US10903679B2    abstract-A mobile emergency charging device for a battery of a motor vehicle that is designed to charge the battery in a recuperation operation. The mobile emergency charging device has at least one fuel tank, an internal combustion engine, and at least one drive roller for driving a wheel of the motor vehicle. This at least one drive roller is connected at least indirectly to an output shaft of the internal combustion engine and, by way of this connection, the drive roller is set into a rotational movement when the internal combustion engine is running.

id-US20220176825A1    abstract-The invention relates to a control system for controlling a torque generator of a vehicle. The control system is configured to receive one or more electrical signals indicative of a surface indicator; receive one or more electrical signals indicative of a deceleration demand; select a surface type from a plurality of predetermined surface types based on said one or more electrical signals indicative of a surface indicator; determine a target vehicle deceleration in dependence on the selected surface type; determine, based on said one or more electrical signals indicative of a deceleration demand, a requirement to decelerate the vehicle; and in dependence on determining said requirement, output a control signal to the torque generator. The control signal is configured to cause the torque generator to provide the target vehicle deceleration.

id-JP2019131133A    abstract-[challenges] in a vehicle control method that adds deceleration to the vehicle in a way that controls the posture of the vehicle when the steering device is cut and operated, appropriate deceleration is set based on the operation of a single pedal. [solution] in the control method of the vehicle, when the acceleration amount detected by the accelerator opening sensor is less than the predetermined value larger than 0, the deceleration degree corresponding to the acceleration amount is added to the vehicle, and the control method of the vehicle is applied to the steering Angle sensor. In the process S21, according to the detected steering Angle, to determine whether the steering device has been cut in; in the process S24, when it is determined that the steering device has been cut in, to add deceleration to the vehicle to control the vehicle posture; The process S25, which is based on the amount of accelerator pedal stepped on by the accelerator opening sensor, sets the deceleration degree added to the vehicle when it is judged that the device has been cut in. Select diagram: figure 6
id-WO2019151208A1    abstract-Addition of deceleration to the vehicle to control the posture of the vehicle when the steering device is cut and operated. In the control method of the vehicle and the control device of the vehicle, the deceleration degree is appropriately set based on the operation of a single pedal. The control method of the vehicle is based on the following steps: when the accelerator pedal pedal is greater than 0 and less than the predetermined value A1, the deceleration degree corresponding to the accelerator pedal pedal pedal is added to the vehicle 1, and the steering Angle sensor 8 detects the steering Angle, and the steering device When it is determined that the steering device has been cut in, the process of adding deceleration to the vehicle 1 to control the vehicle's posture; The process of setting the deceleration to be added to the vehicle to a smaller value than when the accelerator pedal is less than the predetermined value and the second value (> the first value).
id-US10829104B2    abstract-A vehicle control system examines characteristics of an upcoming segment of a trip of a hybrid vehicle. One or more locations in the upcoming segment of the trip are identified based on the characteristics as places where an engine of the vehicle is incapable of generating enough energy to power the vehicle through the locations. Operational settings of the vehicle are calculated based on the locations to operate the vehicle in a way that charges an energy storage device with energy that can be used to replace or supplement the energy provided by the engine to propel the hybrid vehicle over or through the locations. The one or more processors are configured to one or more of automatically control or generate a control signal for automated operation of the hybrid vehicle according to the one or more operational settings that are calculated.

id-WO2019154077A1    abstract-A hybrid power drive system comprises a power battery device (1), a range extender system (2) and a motor drive system (3). The power battery device (1) is provided for supplying power to the motor drive system (3). The range extender system (2) comprises an engine (201) and a generator (202). A generator (202) is capable of generating electricity driven by an engine (201) to supply power to a motor drive system (3) and/or charge a power battery unit (1); The hybrid drive system also includes a vehicle controller that is set to generate driving force by an engine (201) and/or a generator (202) that controls the range extender system (2); Wherein, the range extender system (2) is connected with a main coupling mechanism mechanism (4) to transmit the driving force generated by the main coupling mechanism (4) to a main driving shaft of the vehicle (5) to drive the wheels on both sides of the shaft to rotate. A vehicle with the hybrid drive system is also provided. The hybrid drive system and the vehicle equipped with the hybrid drive system use the vehicle controller to control the engine (201) and/or generator (202) of the range extender system (2) for different application conditions to generate driving force, thereby effectively improving the economy of the vehicle.
id-US10680540B2    abstract-In an apparatus for controlling a motorized vehicle, a rotary electric machine controller is configured to perform intermittent operation by periodically alternating between a driving period and a coasting period. A torque determiner is configured to determine a first torque during the driving period and a second torque during the coasting period. A transition period determiner is configured to determine whether to set a transition period between the driving period and the coasting period. If the transition period is determined to be set, the torque determiner determines a third torque between the first torque and the second torque and within a predetermined rang. The rotary electric machine controller sets the transition period between the driving period and the coasting period and drive the rotary electric machine with the third torque during the transition period.

id-WO2019160009A1    abstract-The vehicle control method is based on the steering Angle detected by the steering Angle sensor 8, which is the process of determining whether the steering device including the steering wheel 6 has been cut in, and when it is determined that the steering device has been cut in, it is the vehicle The process of adding deceleration to the vehicle 1 by reducing the driving force of motor generator 4 to control the attitude is checked by the gradient sensor 12 when the road surface slope detected by the gradient sensor 12 is the first value indicating the gradient on the downhill side. When the road surface slope issued is the second value, which represents the slope on the flat side than the first value, the additional deceleration of the vehicle 1 is increased.
id-EP3738816B1    abstract-

id-EP3527419A1    abstract-A management of the operation of automotive dual battery electrical system in which the automotive electronic control unit ( ECU ) is configured to: - determine the current operation status of an automotive dual battery electrical system ( DBES ) defined by the current electric charge statuses of a main electrical energy source ( MB ) and of an auxiliary electrical energy source ( AB ) and by the current electrical energy demand of electrical loads ( L ), - determining which operation area of an operation plane of the automotive dual battery electrical system ( DBES ) the current operation status of the automotive dual battery electrical system ( DBES ) belongs to, and - control the operation of the automotive dual battery electrical system ( DBES ), and enable or disable the implementation of one or more of the functionalities of automatic start and stop of the internal combustion engine ( ICE ), of regenerative braking and of electric charging depending on the operation area which the current operation status of the automotive dual battery electrical system ( DBES ) belongs to.

id-US20190264973A1    abstract-Multi-zone transport refrigeration units (TRUs). A combination of temperature controlled flow of cold air and time controlled refrigerant distribution is used to improve cooling performance and reduce power consumption. This dual-control zone isolation system makes it possible to use solar panels to power the TRU.

id-EP3578409A4    abstract-

id-JP2019149911A    abstract-[challenges] to provide a control device for switching reluctance motors that can suppress the decrease in battery life during regeneration control. [solution] the control device of the switch reluctance motor has a rotor, a stator, and a coil wound in the stator, and is mounted on the vehicle as a driving source for running. It includes a control unit for regenerative control that applies positive voltage and negative voltage to the coil so that it becomes a target current value. When the charging state value of the battery is equal to or greater than the specified value, the control unit performs the interval during which a negative voltage is applied to the coil, where the charging state value of the battery is equal to or greater than the specified value, Narrow it less than the predetermined value. Select diagram: figure 8
id-JP2019137138A    abstract-[challenges] an automatic transmission can be controlled so that the engine brake can be activated with good response when necessary, and a transmission control device can suppress the reduction of braking force and shock generation and reduction of regenerative efficiency during regenerative braking. Field in which the rotation speed of the motor generator after a predetermined time is predicted to be greater than or equal to the permitted rotation speed of the clutch, and the required deceleration speed after a predetermined time is predicted to be greater than or equal to a predetermined threshold than the achievable deceleration degree after a predetermined time In conjunction, the automatic transmission is allowed, and in other cases, the automatic transmission is prohibited during regenerative braking using motor generators. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-US20210252966A1    abstract-Vehicular front axle powertrain, which uses an electric motor with an external rotor is for driving and braking of the front axles of vehicles with wheels which also or only use electrical power. It consists of an electric engine (1) with an external rotor or rotor extension (1.2), which is also a generator working as a brake. The rotor or rotor extension (1.2) connects to a clutch (3), which guards against overload and may have a disc brake (3. I) mounted, which carries excess braking force. The clutch (3) connects to an internal joint (4), which connects to a shaft (5), which has an external homokinetic joint (6) with a hub shaft (6.2) for the vehicle's wheel. Rotational energy goes from the electric motor (I) without mechanical losses to the hub shaft (6.2) and back, while the hub shaft (6.2) can move relative to the stator in the (SA) and (SB) directions.

id-WO2019156350A1    abstract-An overload operation method of the ESS of the present invention, wherein a step is taken to determine the power absorption target for the ESS by monitoring the above-track winding in which the power is input or output; Steps to monitor the batteries of the above ESS to work out the charge limit of the ESS; When the above power absorption target is exceeded than the above charging limit, the step of generating overload driving PWM signal according to the degree of excess of the above power absorption target; In addition, depending on the above overload driving PWM signal, it may include steps to divert power input to the PCS of the above ESS from the above railings. Remind, here overload experimental study driving signal generating stage remind remind, power absorption targets and ESS power absorbed as a goal difference of charge limit exceed the amount of calculation and experimental study, these overload driving signal above the duty ratio of ESS of charge limit for the percentage of the excess power absorption goals above can be adjusted based on.
id-US20210170885A1    abstract-Systems and methods directed to improved battery management, motor control, energy storage and battery charging. The systems and methods enable vehicle electrification and provides a paradigm changing platform that enables integration of battery management, charging and motor controls with means to manage regenerative braking, traction and handling. In embodiments, systems and methods are directed to a unified modular battery pack system having a cascaded architecture comprising an integrated combination of a networked low voltage converter/controller with peer-to-peer communication capability, embedded ultra-capacitor or other secondary energy storage element, battery management system and serially connected set of individual cells as the fundamental building block.

id-US11072259B2    abstract-A method for continuously managing thermal energy in a motor vehicle includes initializing a continuous thermal energy management control loop within a controller disposed in the motor vehicle, calculating a quantity of stored energy in a thermal management system equipped to the motor vehicle, calculating a quantity of thermal energy waste in the thermal management system, determining if thermal energy is needed within a component of the thermal management system, selectively generating thermal energy, selectively transporting thermal energy to the component of the thermal management system, determining a thermal storage capacity of the thermal management system, determining if a thermal energy deficit exists within the thermal management system, and directing a flow of a thermal energy carrying liquid to a thermal energy reservoir.

id-US10569728B2    abstract-Methods are provided for optimizing generation of water on-board a vehicle with reduced impact on fuel economy. Regenerative braking energy, and/or solar energy, in excess of what is required for charging a system battery, is used to operate a water extractor and save the captured energy as stored water. A proportion of the braking energy used to charge the battery versus operate the water extractor is adjusted as a function of operating conditions including a water level in a water reservoir on-board the vehicle.

id-US10793124B2    abstract-A vehicle includes a pair of electric machines each coupled to a laterally-opposing wheel to output a wheel torque. The vehicle also includes a controller programmed to command a combined regenerative braking torque output of the electric machines based on a lesser of a braking torque limit of each individual electric machine. The controller is also programmed to command a regenerative braking torque from each electric machine to be within a predetermined torque threshold of each other in response to a yaw rate exceeding a yaw threshold.

id-JP7051048B2    abstract-

id-US11021077B2    abstract-A vehicle power supply system includes a first drive motor, a second drive motor, a first power line to which a first inverter and a first battery are connected, a second power line to which a second inverter and a second battery are connected, a voltage converter that convert a voltage between the power lines, and a charging and discharging control device that controls charging and discharging of the batteries and by operating the inverters and and the voltage converter. A vehicle is able to travel in a drive mode of any of an all-wheel drive mode and a two-wheel drive mode. The charging and discharging control device drives the first drive motor with power that is discharged from the first battery in a case where the drive mode is the two-wheel drive mode.

id-US10675985B2    abstract-A fuel cell system mounted on a vehicle includes a drive motor generating a driving force and regenerative power; an auxiliary machine consuming the regenerative power; and a controller. The controller determines that the vehicle is in a first state when the vehicle has a negative vehicle speed, a move forward request is given to the vehicle and an accelerator pedal is depressed or when the vehicle has a positive vehicle speed, the move backward request is given to the vehicle and the accelerator pedal is depressed. When a predetermined first condition including a condition that the vehicle is in the first state is satisfied, the controller performs an auxiliary machine consumption process that causes the auxiliary machine to consume the regenerative power that includes a required power for the drive motor calculated by using a depression amount of the accelerator pedal.

id-US10868331B2    abstract-According to one embodiment, a secondary battery is provided. The separator includes a porous self-supporting film, a solid electrolyte layer, and a first binder. The solid electrolyte layer is provided on one main surface of the porous self-supporting film. The porous self-supported film and the solid electrolyte layer are adhered with the first binder. The first binder exists on both of the one main surface and another main surface of the porous self-supporting film. The solid electrolyte layer includes solid electrolyte particles and a second binder. The solid electrolyte particles have alkali metal ions conductivity. The polymeric material of the second bonder is a same as the polymeric material of the first material.

id-JP2019170045A    abstract-[challenge] make the three-phase on state in an appropriate state. The control unit 24 selects the motor voltage vector corresponding to the output request of the motor 10 as the first inverter voltage vector corresponding to the output of the first inverter 12 and the second inverter voltage corresponding to the output of the second inverter 14. Distribution to vectors and determine whether the three-phase on switching condition is satisfied or not. When the three-phase on decision is satisfied, either of the multiple upper switching elements or the multiple lower switching elements in a single inverter is turned on, and one end of the phase coil of the motor is connected together. The three phases are switched on and drive the motor only with the output of the other inverter. Here, the condition of three-phase on switching includes that one inverter is fault and that two inverters are not fault and that the inverter voltage vector of the output of one inverter is close to 0. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US11260771B2    abstract-A vehicle power supply system is provided. The system includes a first power line connected by a first inverter and a first battery, a second power line connected by a second inverter and a second battery, a voltage converter, and a charging and discharging control device operating the inverters and the voltage converter. The control device charges the second battery with second regenerative electric power that is power supplied from the second inverter to the second power line in a case where a second SOC is equal to or less than the second regeneration permission upper limit during regenerative deceleration, and prohibits the second battery from being charged and supplies at least a portion of the second regenerative electric power to the first battery through the voltage converter and the first power line when the second SOC is larger than the second regeneration permission upper limit.

id-US20190299804A1    abstract-A vehicle power supply system includes two drive motors, a first power line to which a first inverter and a first battery are connected, a second power line to which a second inverter and a second battery are connected, a voltage converter that converts a voltage between these power lines, and a charging and discharging control device that controls charging and discharging of the batteries by operating the inverters and the voltage converter. In a case where a second SOC is equal to or greater than a second normal upper limit, the charging and discharging control device discharges power from the second battery to the second power line, and discharges a shortage of power from the first battery through the voltage converter to the second power line, wherein the shortage of power is obtained by excluding power discharged by the second battery from power required in the second power line.

id-US20190305698A1    abstract-A driving apparatus for a vehicle is disclosed. The driving apparatus includes a housing, an electric motor, a torque converter, and a braking unit. The electric motor includes a first stator fixed to the housing and a first rotor configured to rotate relative to the first stator. The torque converter is configured to transmit rotation of the first rotor to an output shaft. The braking unit is disposed in the housing and configured to brake the rotation of the first rotor.

id-JP2019151258A    abstract-[challenges] if the brake pedal is not pressed for a reasonable period of time, it may not be able to charge the battery sufficiently. [solution] an electronic control unit (regenerative control unit) is applied to a hybrid system which has an engine as a drive source and a motor generator connected to the engine. In addition, in the hydraulic brake of the hybrid system, the amount of the hydraulic brake for the vehicle decreases after the amount of the first hysteresis decreases after the amount of the brake hydraulic Pf decreases. When the brake hydraulic Pf decreases, the electronic control device is used as the motor generator in the way that the regenerative brake amount BRG of the motor generator begins to decrease after the second hysteresis amount His2 decreases after the brake hydraulic Pf decreases. Control ta The second hysteresis, His2, is set to be larger than the first hysteresis. Selection diagram: figure 5
id-US10749451B2    abstract-An embodiment of this invention relates to a motor driving control apparatus for a moto-assisted vehicle, which includes a driving unit configured to drive a motor, and a controller configured to determine a regeneration amount based on a first speed of a vehicle that moves by the motor driven by the driving unit, and control the driving unit according to the regeneration amount, wherein the first speed is a speed at a first timing when it is detected that a brake of the vehicle is changed to OFF, or is determined based on temporal change in an acceleration of the vehicle.

id-WO2019188544A1    abstract-The control device 70, which generates regenerative braking force by regenerative power generation through the motor generator 30 when the vehicle 1 is driving on the coast, pre-stores the reference deceleration degree including the deceleration caused by the regenerative braking force when the vehicle 1 is driving on the coast on a flat road. In the case that the storage section 72, the vehicle deceleration acquired by the deceleration section 742 and the vehicle deceleration acquired by the deceleration section 742 are larger than the reference deceleration, the motor generator can be used. A regenerative control unit 744 is provided to reduce the regenerative power generation of the rotor 30.
id-WO2019171836A1    abstract-The newly developed vehicle control system is capable of continuously controlling the torque of the motor even when the battery and inverter are disconnected, and of continuously controlling the torque of the motor even when the battery and inverter are reconnected. The inverter circuit 1 that drives the motor 101 is connected to the inverter circuit 1 and the battery 201 that supplies the power to drive the motor 101 is composed of the motor 101 that generates the driving force of the vehicle and the switching element 2-7. A capacitor 29 connected between battery 201 and inverter circuit 1, a contactor 202 connected between battery 201 and capacitor 29, and a control section 51 are provided. When contactor 202 is disconnected, control section 51 transmits current between inverter circuit 1 and motor 101 in a way that the voltage between inverter circuit 1 and motor 101 is close to the voltage applied to capacitor 29.
id-WO2019176350A1    abstract-The vehicle-mounted auxiliary device (10) is the switching part (41, switching part) that adjusts the power storage device (20), the power supply from the power storage device (31, 32), and the size of the power supply to the power storage device by opening and closing actions. 42), switching control unit (131), which controls the open and close operation of the switching unit, electrical device (60), which controls the charging state from the electrical device to the charging device Has control unit (120). The vehicle-mounted auxiliary device stops the action of the auxiliary device when charging the power storage device, at least after notifying the charging control department before stopping the auxiliary device.
id-JP7201040B2    abstract-

id-EP3556626A1    abstract-The program of the enterprise is Kraftfahrzeugs:(1) make full use of the electronic machine (2)Kopplungseinrichtung(3), the first Kopplungszustand electronic machine (2) make us and another Kopplungszu with Antriebsstrang(4) stand Antriebsstrang's electronic machine (2)(4) people, let the procedure consist of the following steps :a) identification with Kopplungsinformation presumes whether Kopplungseinrichtung(3) in the first or second Kopplungszustand is a Re kuperationsbedingung; (b) The assessment of its implementation depends on Kopplungsinformation being simultaneously full of Rekuperationsbedingung or only if the Kopplungseinrichtung(3) agreement is the second Kopplungszustand undc) slow down the operation of electric machines (2) to electric robots (2) as generators if Rekuperationsbedingung is completed.
id-EP3778281A4    abstract-

id-US11108093B2    abstract-A power-supply control device includes: a distribution adjustment unit adjusting electric energy; and a loss comparison unit comparing losses in power running and regeneration and determining, with respect to power running and regeneration, whether a loss in a current state is smaller. Further, the distribution adjustment unit adjusts the electric energy by performing the distribution in accordance with the remaining capacity ratio in the current state in a case where it is determined that the loss in power running is smaller when the current state is a power running state or in a case where it is determined that the loss in regeneration is smaller when the current state is a regeneration state.

id-EP3785976A1    abstract-According to an embodiment, a power supply system for an electric motor car includes a first terminal, a second terminal, and a conversion unit. The first terminal is electrically connected to one of a power storage device and an overhead wire provided within a formation of electric motor cars. The second terminal is electrically connected to a lead wire together with a plurality of electric motors within the formation, a host power supply device, an external power supply device different from the host power supply device. The conversion unit receives first electric power supplied from the plurality of electric motors and the external power supply device via the second terminal and causes a direct current (DC) voltage to be generated at the first terminal according to a regenerative operation of the conversion unit to charge the power storage device in a first operation state and receives second electric power supplied from one of the power storage device and the overhead wire via the first terminal, converts a part of the second electric power into third electric power according to a powered operation of the conversion unit, and outputs the third electric power from the second terminal in a second operation state, thereby converting electric power.

id-US11152614B2    abstract-An electric vehicle includes an electric drive component; a lithium titanate oxide battery pack comprising LTO battery cells; and a range extender. The range extender has a first state to deliver power to the electric drive component, a second state to charge the LTO battery pack, a third state to deliver power to the electric drive component and charge the LTO battery pack, and a fourth state in which it does not deliver power outward. The electric drive component has a first state to receive power delivered from the LTO battery pack, a second state to receive power delivered from the range extender, a third state to receiver power delivered from the LTO battery pack and the range extender, a fourth state to recover braking energy to charge the LTO battery pack, and a fifth state in which it does not receive power and does not recover the braking energy.

id-US11192532B2    abstract-Disclosed herein is a vehicle control system capable of improving driving stability and providing safe fun driving to a driver by varying and controlling a regenerative braking torque generated by a motor during coasting. The vehicle control system according to an embodiment of the disclosure includes: a motor configured to provide a driving force to a wheel; a wheel sensor configured to detect a rotational speed of the wheel; and a controller configured to control the motor to generate a first regenerative braking torque during coasting, and to control the motor to generate a second regenerative braking torque lower than the first regenerative braking torque when a wheel slip of the wheel is detected based on an output of the wheel sensor.

id-US11260741B2    abstract-A hybrid power driving system includes an engine, a planetary gear device, a first motor, a clutch gear device, a brake device, an engagement device, an intermediate shaft, and a second motor, the engine and the first motor are connected by the planetary gear device which includes first, second and third rotating elements; the clutch gear device is disposed between the first motor and the planetary gear device, the clutch gear device includes a clutch and a clutch gear and an engagement element connected to the clutch, the clutch gear is connected to the intermediate shaft; the engagement device is configured to engage the third rotating element and the engagement element, or engage the third rotating element and the brake device, or only engage the third rotating element; the brake device is configured to brake or unlock the third rotating element; the second motor is connected to the intermediate shaft.

id-US11004996B2    abstract-Provided herein are systems and methods for regenerative braking. A method for regenerative braking may comprise converting mechanical energy from a braking event to electrical energy. The electrical energy may activate a photon battery comprising phosphorescent material.

id-US20190337391A1    abstract-A hybrid electric vehicle having one or more controllers, at least two independently driven electric machines (EMs) that are each coupled to separate drive wheels, and controllers configured to generate a torque split ratio responsive to lateral acceleration and/or unequal friction coefficients detected during braking, and to generate electric power with the motors by regeneratively braking each wheel with unequal torques adjusted by the ratio, such that combined wheel braking torques do not exceed a total braking torque limit for the vehicle. In some configurations, the controller(s) generate the torque split ratio by a predetermined lookup table that maps a plurality of torque split ratios to lateral accelerations, the coefficients, and other parameters. Further arrangements include the controller(s) coupled with sensors that detect wheel slip and yaw rate, and responsive to a braking signal, the controller(s) disengage regenerative braking when the wheel slip and/or vehicle yaw are detected.

id-US20190372426A1    abstract-The present invention is directed to a Cross-over Electro-Magnetic Engine system and method for making a Cross-over Electro-Magnetic Engine. More particularly, two types of Cross-over Electro-Magnetic Engine systems are disclosed having two types of electromagnetic generator mechanisms, a wheel drive power control box, a storage battery and/or capacitor, wheel gear drives connected to magnetic motors, an ignition module and an electric braking system with back-up mechanical brakes. Power from the cross-over electro-magnetic engine is transferred to the generator systems having rotating plates or counter-rotating plates, then transferred to the wheel drive power control box where it is sent to the magnetic motors to drive wheel gear drives for each wheel driven.

id-US20190337390A1    abstract-A drive system for a rail vehicle includes a plurality of drive motors. The drive motors include at least one permanent magnet motor and at least one asynchronous motor and/or at least one reluctance motor. A rail vehicle having wheelsets, each of which includes two oppositely disposed wheels and which are driven at least partially by the drive system, is also provided.

id-JP2019208338A    abstract-Challenges to provide an electric vehicle that can immediately eliminate the sliding of the vehicle on the slope and prevent deterioration of the power storage device. Ecu 100 controls the charging of the charging device 10 so that the SOC of the charging device 10 does not exceed the specified control upper limit. When the MG40 generates the driving torque in the climbing direction and the electric vehicle 1 moves in the descending direction (sliding state) on the climbing path, the ECU100 allows SOC to charge more than the control limit. In addition, when the SOC exceeds the control limit, ECU100 performs the discharge processing that discharges the storage device 10 when the vehicle system is requested to stop. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20190366869A1    abstract-An ECU performs processing including steps as follows: in a case where an actual SOC is more than or equal to an upper limit value SOC(0) and a vehicle is in a Ready-Off state, when an SMR is in a cut-off state, the ECU performs the step of discharging a battery using discharging devices, and when the SMR is not in the cut-off state, the ECU performs the step of discharging the battery using an MG.

id-WO2019229999A1    abstract-The inverter system that controls the switching of inverters in the vehicle is equipped with the motor that transmits torque to the drive wheel, the inverter that converts dc power into ac power and supplies it to the motor, and the dc power source that supplies dc power to the inverter. It is the method to determine whether the power supply to the inverter is stopped or not, and when the power supply to the inverter is stopped, execute short circuit switching control to turn on the switching element of the inverter, and moo Motor state parameters, which are variables representing the state of motor motor and serve as indicators for determining whether or not vibration occurs in the vehicle, are obtained. Then, when the power supply to the inverter is stopped, based on the acquired motor state parameters, the short circuit switching control is stopped before the vibration occurs in the vehicle.
id-US11594889B2    abstract-Disclosed is an optimized energy interconnection system for an urban railway train in the technical field of urban railway transportation power supply, for addressing the technical problem that distribution of regenerative braking energy flows cannot be accurately determined. The system includes a DC intermediate bus and a multi-port flow controllable energy router. The multi-port flow controllable energy router can comprehensively control a source and a load connected in parallel on the DC intermediate bus and thus can accurately determine the distribution of regenerative braking energy flows, thereby forming a well-developed system for evaluating usage of the braking energy.

id-JP7040316B2    abstract-

id-JP2019221025A    abstract-[challenges] in the driving system of vehicles, we provide a drive control device that enables drive control that can further suppress the loss of charging and discharging of storage batteries. A drive control device is provided for controlling the drive system of a vehicle consisting of a storage battery, a generator and a auxiliary machine operated by the power supplied from at least one of the storage battery and the generator. The drive control device is based on the following conditions: during the generation of the generator, the selection part that prioritises the generator as the power supply source of the auxiliary, and the power generated by the generator exceeds the power consumption of the auxiliary A power control unit for increasing power consumption. Select diagram: figure 4
id-JP2019217903A    abstract-[challenges] estimating the weight of the vehicle regardless of its running state, and adjusting the acceleration/deceleration/deceleration of the vehicle when it starts or stops according to the increase/decrease in its weight. [solution] the mobile system shall be a mobile (10) having a driving part (18), a mobile system (20, 40) controlling the mobile, and a loading information (70) concerning at least the weight of the object to be loaded into the mobile system. Information and communication terminal (60) for transmission. The moving system controls the input part (12, 42) that receives the loading information; the torque determining part (46) that USES the loading information to determine the amount of torque used to make the moving body drive at a predetermined acceleration and deceleration speed; A drive control unit (22) is provided for controlling and driving the moving body at acceleration and deceleration speed. The loading information is transmitted to the input unit through the operation of the information communication terminal of the mobile user. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US11529940B2    abstract-Provided is an electric power control device that allows a work vehicle to travel while carrying out a utility work smoothly. An electric power control device includes an operational state information acquisition section for acquiring operational state information indicative of an operational state of a work vehicle, a battery information acquisition section for acquiring battery information indicative of a state of a battery which is mounted on the work vehicle, a storage section for storing in advance operational mode information, a travel unit that causes the work vehicle to travel, a distributed electric power calculation section for calculating distributed electric powers to be distributed to the travel unit and an implement unit that effects the utility work respectively, and an instruction section for instructing the distributed electric powers to a travel control section that controls the travel unit and an implement control section that controls the implement unit, respectively.

id-JP7308198B2    abstract-

id-WO2020007751A1    abstract-The procedure involved in the invention of the country is that something went wrong (11) once Arbeitsmaschine(10), where the first electric motor (13) went wrong with the Fahrantrieb(12)(11) domain and another electric motor (19) went wrong with the Arbeitsantrieb(1) 8)(11) domains simultaneously Fahrantrieb(12) and Arbeitsantrieb(18) are the first and second Elektromotors domains (13,19) of the electronic backup power Supply (24) management board, where the first power generator engine (13) is produced in the generator power engine (12) Under the premise (1) and in power engine production power (4). This makes it a better way to design: the electronic service should follow the condition of an Energiespeichers (24) completely or partially or with backup power (24) and/or second (19) will be in the release of steam (7). The invention is still a system with secondary propulsion Arbeitsmaschine(10)(11), appropriate Arbeitsmaschine(10).
id-US20230182739A1    abstract-A method is provided for scheduling regenerative braking torque, comprising: sensing a position of an accelerator pedal; generating a torque request value in response to the sensed accelerator pedal position; determining a speed of operation of a motor/generator; determining a torque limit in response to the torque request value and the determined speed of the motor/generator; generating a regenerative braking command in response to the torque limit; and outputting the regenerative braking command to the motor/generator.

id-US20230046319A1    abstract-The present disclosure relates to a motion control unit that is capable of receiving electrical power from an electrical power source and hydraulic power from a hydraulic power source. The motion control is configured to produce a blended power output derived from the electrical and hydraulic power which can be used to power a hydraulic actuator. The motion control unit can also split hydraulic power recovered from hydraulic actuator to the electrical power source and the hydraulic power source.

id-US10730392B2    abstract-A locomotive propulsion system onboard a locomotive platform includes a traction motor, a propulsion electrical storage device, an ancillary electrical storage device, and a controller. The propulsion electrical storage device is electrically connected to the traction motor via a propulsion circuit, and the ancillary electrical storage device is electrically connected to the traction motor via an ancillary circuit. The controller is configured to direct the ancillary electrical storage device to supply electric current to the traction motor via the ancillary circuit to power the traction motor during an elevated demand period. At an end of the elevated demand period, the controller is configured to control the ancillary circuit to stop conducting electric current from the ancillary electrical storage device and to direct the propulsion electrical storage device to supply electric current to the traction motor via the propulsion circuit to power the traction motor.

id-US11292154B2    abstract-A drive apparatus for a mobile operating machine, comprising at least one internal combustion motor, an articulated arm to deliver concrete and a pumping unit to pump the concrete from the drum to the articulated arm. The drive apparatus comprises hydraulic pumps configured to pump a working fluid and to determine the drive of the pumping unit and of the articulated arm. The apparatus also comprises at least one electromechanical machine connected to the internal combustion motor, to the hydraulic pumps, and to an electric accumulator.

id-WO2020011241A1    abstract-Downhill charge sustain battery protection strategy is disclosed. For one example, a vehicle is powered by an electric motor and battery. The vehicle includes a vehicle control unit (VCU) to control friction braking and regenerative braking for the vehicle. For one example, the VCU is configured to implement a method comprising detecting a condition to switch back and forth between regenerative braking and friction braking. For one example, the detected condition is a charge sustain event such as, for example, the vehicle being at a top of a hill or going down a hill in a lift condition (no pedals pressed) and the battery is fully charged at maximum state of charge (SOC) or voltage limit.

id-US20200016990A1    abstract-An on-board charging system for electric vehicles provides a source of electric charging power to even when the electric vehicle is not in motion. The charging system includes a free rolling axle supporting at least one driven ground wheel to power an electric generator. An electric charge is produced by the generator when driven by the free rolling axle and is stored in a plant battery. An inverter and a charger are selectively coupled to a battery pack that provides the motive power to the electric vehicle. A controller selectively charges the battery pack when it detects a predetermined charge state of the battery pack.

id-US20200391613A1    abstract-An ESS charging and discharging operation method may include the steps of: checking whether SOC of the ESS is within an operable range, and performing an SOC management operation if the SOC of the ESS is not within the operable range; performing, if the SOC of the ESS is within the operable range, a catenary wire voltage control operation based on range of catenary wire voltage and range of variation rate of the catenary wire voltage; performing the SOC management operation after the ESS is charged or discharged depending on the catenary wire voltage control operation over unit time, if output current of the ESS does not exceed current reference value; and stopping the catenary wire voltage control operation and switching the operation to a standby state.

id-US20190255933A1    abstract-Some implementations can include a supplemental regenerative braking system comprising a power take-off section to receive mechanical energy, and an electric clutch to engage the power take-off section and transfer mechanical energy from the power take-off section to an output of the electric clutch. The system can also include a roller stop assembly coupled to the output of the electric clutch and constructed to transfer mechanical energy from the output of the electric clutch, and a generator coupled to the roller stop assembly. The system can further include a flywheel coupled to the generator.

id-US20220274487A1    abstract-In a case of a normal operation, a battery controller (22) assumes a normal operation mode and permits charging and discharging of a battery module (21). Upon receiving a discharge command from a vehicle body controller (17) for completely discharging the battery module (21), the battery controller (22) assumes a discharge mode to discharge the battery module (21) to reach a safe voltage level and store discharge information. Upon reading out the discharge information, the battery controller (22) assumes a discharge prohibition mode to prohibit charging and discharging of the battery module (21).

id-US20200021209A1    abstract-A system and method of managing power for an electric motor drive system is provided, where at least two electric motor drives are connected to a common power bus, each of the electric motor drives connected to at least one electric motor. A voltage of the common power bus is monitored, and upon the voltage of the common power bus exceeding a prescribed threshold voltage it is determined which of the at least two electric motor drives is operating in a mode other than a regeneration mode. The electric motor drive operating in a mode other than a regeneration mode is commanded to drive the connected motor into a load to dissipate the regenerated energy.

id-WO2020008572A1    abstract-The control device (20) includes a torque control part (21) and a circuit control part (23). The torque control unit (21) switches on and off the switching elements of the power conversion unit according to the operation instruction. When the operation instruction includes the brake instruction and the voltage of the filter capacitor is above the reference voltage, the circuit control department (23) has a positive correlation with the voltage of the filter capacitor, which changes in time with the voltage of the filter capacitor. At the current rate, operate the step-down circuit. In addition, in the case that the operation instruction includes the power operation instruction, if the circuit control department (23) obtains the stop instruction, the circuit control department (23) will operate the step-down circuit independently of the size relationship between the voltage of the filter capacitor and the reference voltage.
id-US20200324655A1    abstract-A vehicle propulsion system includes a propulsion electrical storage device (PESD), a first switching device, an ancillary electrical storage device (AESD), a second switching device, and a controller. The PESD powers a traction motor of a vehicle via a propulsion circuit. The AESD is a different type of electrical storage device than the PESD and powers the traction motor via an ancillary circuit. The first switching device is electrically connected to the propulsion circuit, and the second switching device is electrically connected to the ancillary circuit. The controller switches or maintains the second switching device in a closed, conducting state during an elevated demand period for the AESD to power to the traction motor. The controller switches the second switching device to an open, non-conducting state prior to switching the first switching device to the closed state for the PESD to power the traction motor.

id-JP2020022291A    abstract-[challenges] reduce repair costs for vehicle power supply units. The first power system 51 includes a lead battery 31 and an electrical device 43 connected to a lead battery 31; The second power system 52 is provided between the first power system 51 and the second power system 52, which has an array 32, and the conduction path connecting the lead battery 31 and the lithium-ion battery 32 in parallel, and the electrical equipment 43 and the lithium-ion battery 32 are provided. When there is an abnormality in switch SW2 and starter generator 16, switch SW2 is controlled to be connected in the on state and to be disconnected from the electrical device 43 and lithium-ion battery 32. A switch control unit controls switch SW2 to a closed state. Select diagram in figure 10.
id-US10967819B2    abstract-A vehicle includes power outlets configured to receive power from an inverter. The vehicle includes power sources configured to supply power to the inverter and a plurality of electrical systems. A controller is programmed to, responsive to detecting a load connected to one of the power outlets, change a maximum power limit of the electrical systems by an amount associated with the one of the power outlets.

id-WO2020029462A1    abstract-The utility model relates to an electric vehicle unmanned driving system, which comprises: an environmental sensing system, which processes the data collected by a variety of sensors to obtain the position information of obstacles, road image information, obstacle image information, and relative position and speed information with obstacles; Positioning and navigation system, using the gyroscope in the combined positioning and navigation system to judge the vehicle's attitude, conduct self-positioning, and build an incremental map on the basis of self-positioning to drive according to the predetermined route; Motion control system, through the coordination of throttle and brake to the vehicle longitudinal control, control speed, through the steering system to the vehicle lateral control, control the path of the vehicle; In the vehicle deceleration control, energy recovery is carried out through the control strategy; Driving controller, according to the collected data and vehicle parameters to formulate control strategy to control the vehicle driving. It can maximize the recovery of energy and improve the economy and power of electric vehicles.
id-US20200283093A1    abstract-An electric motor bicycle system with an electric motor driven gear adapted to drive a wheel gear coupled to a bicycle hub. The motor driven gear is coupled to the wheel gear with a chain. The chain may be tensioned with one or more tensioners, which allow for a tighter system geometry. The motor may be supported with a bracket adapted to mount to industry standard disc brake mounting interfaces. In some aspects, the motor driven gear is coupled to the disc mounting interface of a wheel hub. In some aspects, the electric motor bicycle system may also have a disc brake system integrated therein.

id-US11332035B2    abstract-A vehicle may include a generator configured to generate power; a battery configured to store power generated by the generator; a battery sensor configured to detect a voltage, current and state of charge (SOC) value of the battery; and a power management apparatus configured to receive the voltage, the current and the SOC value of the battery from the battery sensor, configured to identify whether the battery is low-charged based on the SOC value of the battery, and configured to identify a cause of the low charge of the battery based on the voltage and the current of the battery.

id-WO2020025611A1    abstract-The invention relates principally to a motor vehicle assembly comprising: - a rotating electric machine (19) capable of operating ina motor and a generator mode, in particular during a regenerative braking phase, said rotating electric machine (19) comprising a stator with N phases having a phase resistance and being intended to be run through a maximum phase current, and - a associated power inverter (21) having an electrical resistance, Characterized in that the sum of the phase resistance and the resistance of the power inverter (21) is proportional to the ratio between the maximum mechanical power divided by the square of the maximum phase current.
id-US20200052577A1    abstract-A control device of a rotary electric machine capable of preventing occurrence of electrical resonance when a conversion operation abnormality of a DC voltage converter occurs is provided. In a case that the DC voltage converter stops a conversion operation and the conversion operation abnormality that input/output voltages become equal occurs, when a vehicle speed proportional to an electric motor rotation number exceeds a torque limit start vehicle speed, i.e., when the electric motor rotation number exceeds a torque limit start rotation number, a torque limit control for limiting an output torque of the electric motor is executed. The torque limit start vehicle speed is set to a vehicle speed corresponding to a lower limit frequency of a predetermined frequency range where there is a high likelihood of an electrical resonance occurring in the DC voltage converter when the conversion operation abnormality occurs.

id-WO2020027353A1    abstract-Driving force (of this invention is car wheel shaft to rotate mechanism which USES electricity power) or downhill in hybrid vehicles, electric cars often stop when driving to downtown areas and acceleration, Blake pedal a little to the driving force of inertia (wheel shaft, wheel power) to rotate axis belt wheel and generator belt wheel generator connects with a belt, According to operating conditions of generator and battery rechargeable make everyday, when you want to accelerate the electric car dramatically by using solar energy, can save fuel, when there is no need for acceleration pedal to start the connection has been blocked off and switch to turn off the ignition and fuel savings, The gear neutral switch, which is equipped on the accelerator pedal, is contacted to position the gear in neutral to prevent waste of thrust caused by engine Blake, which can increase the effect. Manual transmission car in hard time, hydraulic clutch pedal works to press and hydraulic clutch, neutral gear lever mold using gear transmission into neutral gear by an ability to facilitate, clutch is so weighed down with speed and gear gear rod to fit our situation alone and pothole a little gas ignition starter switch contact connected to power up, It is equipped with a function that allows drivers to drive when they step on the accelerator pedal more.  invention is the manipulation of automotive automatic transmission and manual transmission have little difference, because of the inconvenience of a manual transmission car to deploy the invention, there is little manual transmission broke down, and fuel consumption is less expensive than good, so automatic transmission using a manual transmission efficiency when applied to hybrid cars and electric cars is better than . Can. In order to start the car remotely in order to start the air conditioner or heater in advance, the vehicle must be equipped with an auxiliary lever to keep the accelerator pedal in the slightly stepped position before getting off. In addition, electric vehicles can make up for the lack of power (speed) and battery time (mileage).
id-US11453309B2    abstract-An electric power distribution system and method for an electric mining machine is described. In one embodiment, a method for electric power distribution includes receiving information associated with a state of charge of a first battery pack that supplies electric power to a front electric motor configured to drive a front axle of an electric mining machine. The method also includes receiving information associated with a state of charge of a second battery pack that supplies electric power to a rear electric motor configured to drive a rear axle of the electric mining machine. The method includes comparing the state of charge of the first battery pack and the second battery pack and, upon determining that the state of charge of the second battery pack is greater than the state of charge of the first battery pack, increasing electric power to the rear electric motor of the electric mining machine.

id-US20200094695A1    abstract-Controlled clutchless shifting of multi-ratio geared electronic shift transmissions coupled directly to the electrical prime mover of a vehicle are disclosed. The adaptive control of electrically shifted manual transmissions incorporated into power-split series electric hybrid heavy vehicles operating over heavy duty drive cycles utilizes a direct coupling assembly that enables bi-directional energy transfer and power transport. An electronic shift transmission provides power amplifying or de-amplifying bi-directional intelligently controlled valve or pathway for available terrain potential or kinetic energy of a rolling mass of a vehicle, while retaining the original function of a transmission by increasing or decreasing mechanical rotating energy of the propulsion power to the rear wheels of a vehicle.

id-US10392018B1    abstract-A vehicle includes an electric machine, a coolant circuit, a refrigerant circuit, and a controller. The electric machine is configured to charge a battery via regenerative braking. The coolant circuit has an electric heater. The refrigerant circuit has an electric compressor. The controller is programmed to, responsive to a capacity of the battery to receive power being less available regenerative braking power and ambient air temperature being less than a first threshold, direct regenerative braking power to the heater but not the compressor. The controller is further programmed to, responsive to the capacity of the battery to receive power being less available regenerative braking power and ambient air temperature exceeding a second threshold that is greater than the first threshold, direct regenerative braking power to the compressor but not the heater.

id-US10946766B2    abstract-An electrically powered vehicle includes a battery, a mounting member, a switch, and a switch controller. The battery is configured to supply power for moving. On the mounting member, a supplementary battery configured to supply power for moving is detachably mountable. The switch is configured to switch connection of the battery and the supplementary battery mounted on the mounting member between series and parallel connections. The switch controller is configured to control the switch in accordance with condition information about the battery and condition information about the supplementary battery mounted on the mounting member.

id-JP7091201B2    abstract-

id-WO2020068637A1    abstract-A transportation refrigeration system configured for use with a vehicle having a vehicle energy storage device that stores electrical power for a propulsion motor that propels the vehicle, the transportation refrigeration system including: a transportation refrigeration unit; an energy storage device electrically connected to the transportation refrigeration unit, the energy storage device configured to store electrical power to power the transportation refrigeration unit; and a power management system electrically connected to the vehicle energy storage device and the energy storage device, wherein the power management system is configured to apportion electricity between the vehicle energy storage device and the energy storage device.

id-EP3628530A1    abstract-An improved power system architecture for a hybrid electric vehicle includes a power control unit including a motor inverter, a generator inverter, and a DC-to-DC converter, and vehicle power management (VPM) circuitry directly connected to each of the motor inverter, generator inverter, and DC-to-DC converter. In this arrangement, communication timing is greatly reduced, thereby allowing for feedforward control of the motor inverter, generator inverter, and DC-to-DC converter. The feedforward control enables the VPM circuitry to predict current influx or draw by a motor and determine the corresponding currents to provide to or from the generator and battery prior to or simultaneously with the actual current influx or draw by the motor. This improves vehicle dynamics and responsiveness, as well as enables complete recapture of braking currents and eliminates the need for a brake chopper resistor, thereby improving overall vehicle efficiency.

id-WO2020057291A1    abstract-The invention discloses a new pure electric brake resistance control device for heavy-duty vehicles. After the brake resistance and brake resistance continuous current diode are connected in parallel with each other, the brake resistance branch IGBT and fuse are connected in series with each other, and a first control circuit is formed. The first control circuit is connected to the negative circuit of the battery pack. The feedback branch IGBT and the discharge loop diode are connected in parallel to form a second control circuit, which is connected to the positive circuit of the motor controller. The control module is connected to the vehicle controller, and the brake resistance branch IGBT and feedback branch IGBT are connected to the control module. The positive and negative circuits of the battery pack are respectively connected to the positive and negative circuits of the motor controller, and the vehicle controller is connected to the motor controller. The invention realizes the mutual cooperation and switching of energy feedback braking control, energy consumption braking control and mechanical braking, ensuring that the vehicle can effectively brake under any state, while maximizing energy recovery and ensuring the safety of the vehicle.
id-US20200079348A1    abstract-A method for controlling deceleration of a vehicle using front driving environment information includes: receiving, by a controller, the driving environment information in front of the vehicle; determining, by the controller, deceleration target speed of the vehicle based on the driving environment information; determining, by the controller, predicted deceleration energy based on the deceleration target speed; determining, by the controller, predicted charging energy that is charged by a driving motor of the vehicle to a battery supplying electric power to the driving motor based on the deceleration target speed; determining, by the controller, whether predicted hydraulic braking energy of the vehicle is generated based on the predicted deceleration energy and the predicted charging energy; and when the predicted deceleration energy is determined to exceed the predicted charging energy, controlling, by the controller, the driving motor to perform regenerative braking based on the predicted charging energy.

id-US20200094683A1    abstract-There is provided a method for controlling an electric vehicle. The method includes receiving a regenerative braking activation indicator. If the regenerative braking activation indicator is affirmative, the method includes applying regenerative braking at an initial level to an electric motor of the electric vehicle. The method also includes obtaining a vehicle motion parameter of the electric vehicle measured when the regenerative braking is being applied. In addition, the method includes changing the regenerative braking to a modified level based on the vehicle motion parameter.

id-WO2020054828A1    abstract-In the power system (10), in multiple voltage converters (14), the battery (12) capable of charging and discharging is connected to the primary side (30) and the secondary side (32) is connected in parallel with each other. For each of the multiple voltage converters 14, the transformer rate (Tr) is the maximum discharge current (Idmax) of the battery (12) connected to the battery (30) and the charge current of the battery (12) measured by the primary side current meter (16). Set to be within the first range between flow maximum value (Icmax).
id-US20210203232A1    abstract-A power supply control device that supplies a power supply voltage to a power supply terminal of a load (inverter), using a first power storage device and a second power storage device as power sources, includes: a power converter; a switch disposed between one terminal of the first power storage device and the power supply terminal of the load (inverter); and a control circuit that controls a conduction state of the switch.

id-US20200091499A1    abstract-According to one embodiment, an electrode is provided. The electrode includes an active material-containing layer including active material particles and solid electrolyte particles being present away from the active material particles. The active material particles have lithium ion conductivity. The solid electrolyte particles have first ion conductivity. The solid electrolyte particles include a first ion that is at least one selected from the group consisting of an alkali metal ion excluding a lithium ion, a Ca ion, an Mg ion, and an Al ion.

id-WO2020086163A1    abstract-An energy recovery drive system includes a motor-generator that is structured to selectively operate in a motor mode and a generator mode. A first shaft is operatively coupled to a transmission power take-off shaft. A second shaft is operatively coupled to the motor-generator and to an alternative power source. The energy recovery drive system is controllably operated in a plurality of operating modes. In a first operating mode, the motor-generator is in torque providing engagement with each of the first and second shafts. In a second operating mode, the motor-generator is in torque communicating engagement with each of the first and second shafts. In a third operating mode, which the motor-generator is in torque communicating engagement with the second shaft and is disengaged from transferring torque to the first shaft and from receiving torque from the first shaft.

id-US11548393B2    abstract-A method for braking an electric vehicle in which a first axle of an electric vehicle is decelerated by an electric motor of the electric vehicle and/or by a friction brake system of the electric vehicle.

id-JPWO2020049625A1    abstract-A series of hybrid vehicles equipped with a power generator (1), an internal combustion engine (2), a running motor generator (4), a battery (5) and an inverter (6) will be disclosed. The internal combustion engine (2) has a variable compression ratio mechanism (12). When the charging state (SOC) of the inverter device (6) is above the predetermined level (SOC1) when the running motor generator (4) is regenerative braking, the electric actuator (46) of the variable compression ratio mechanism (12) is activated. The mechanical compression ratio is changed to a higher or lower level, and extra regenerative power is consumed.
id-US20200094692A1    abstract-A vehicle control apparatus includes an inverter controller. The inverter controller holds a plurality of control maps for an inverter. The inverter supplies electric power to a drive motor. The drive motor drives a drive wheel of the vehicle. The inverter controller selects any one of the plurality of control maps on a basis of a notification instruction that instructs to notify a driver of information. The inverter controller controls an operation of the inverter on a basis of the control map selected.

id-US20200086874A1    abstract-A vehicle includes a torque converter bypass clutch, a wheel, a generator, and a controller. The torque converter bypass clutch is disposed between the wheel and the electric machine. The controller is programmed to, responsive to slip of the clutch exceeding a threshold during regenerative braking, energize the electric machine such that a torque being transferred from the wheel to the electric machine increases at a first rate and increase clutch pressure to decrease the slip. The controller is further programmed to, responsive to the slip decreasing to less than the threshold during the regenerative braking, adjust electric machine energization such the that torque being transferred from the wheel to the electric machine increases at a second rate that is greater than the first rate.

id-US20200079219A1    abstract-In a hybrid vehicle, brake force is divided between friction brakes and regenerative braking. When the friction brakes are wet, the delivered braking force may exceed the commanded braking force resulting in a poor transition from regenerative braking to friction braking. When wet friction brakes are detected, a controller allocates more of the total braking energy to friction brakes until a threshold quantity of energy has been dissipated in the friction brakes, thus drying the friction brakes over fewer braking events than otherwise.

id-JPWO2020065957A1    abstract-The control device for controlling the vehicle includes a driving control unit capable of performing the one-pedal function that controls both the driving force and the braking force of the vehicle according to the amount of accelerator pedal operation; the first indicator indicating that the one-pedal function is effective; and one A second indicator indicating that the stopped state of the vehicle is maintained by the braking force of the pedal function;
id-JP7040623B2    abstract-

id-US11529871B2    abstract-A control device configured to control a vehicle is provided. The device comprises a traveling control unit configured to set an effect degree of a braking force to be given to the vehicle, and an output control unit capable of displaying, on a display device of the vehicle, an indicator representing an upper limit of a settable level of the effect degree.

id-US20210285780A1    abstract-Methods and systems for operating a transport climate control system of a vehicle are provided. The method includes obtaining a state of charge of an energy storage device capable of providing power to the transport climate control system; determining an energy level including the state of charge, receiving a planned route for the vehicle, and receiving route status data associated with the planned route for the vehicle. The route status data includes traffic data, weather data, and/or geographic data identifying areas where the transport climate control system is to be solely powered by the energy storage device. The method further includes determining whether the energy level is sufficient to complete the planned route for the vehicle based on the planned route and the route data, and when the energy level is not sufficient to complete the planned route for the vehicle, providing a notification to a user via a display.

id-EP3860890B1    abstract-

id-JPWO2020079728A1    abstract-The vehicle information management device (10), which controls the charging of the power generated in the train (1) to the storage battery (30), starts by using the information acquisition part (11), which obtains the information of the current operation status of the train (1), and the engine (50) installed in the train (1). The charging control information corresponding to the current running state of the train (1) is obtained from the storage department (12) and the storage department (12). The charging control information corresponding to the current running state of the train (1) is obtained from the storage department (12). The control unit (13) controls the charging of the storage battery (30) according to the obtained and obtained charging control information.
id-WO2020074259A1    abstract-Invented program to assign a shaft (A1 A2) involving a driver asking for Bremsmoments (FBM) Kraftfahrzeugs, simultaneously tyre (12,14) first axle (A1) first Reibbremsvorrichtung(20-1) and a Wirkungsgrad - 7am n1 to aufweisende first electronic machine (22-1) and tyre (16,18) The second axis (A2) carries out a second Reibbremsvorrichtung(20-2) and a second Wirkungsgrad (n2). aufweisende second electronic machine (22-2) belonging to the requirements of the Verfahrensgema-distributed Bremsmoments (FBM) and/or the second axis (A1, A2) and the designated first and/or second electric machine - 22-2 22-1,Rekuperationsmomente (RK1RK2) when using his required brakes, taking into account the current ride safety of the power car.
id-JP2020072603A    abstract-[issue] to provide an electric vehicle that can easily place a third braking device that can prevent the use of wheel brakes when regenerative braking is not available. Since the electromagnetic converter 70 is set in the power transmission path between the rotating machine 12 and the front wheel 17f, which is the driving wheel, as the third braking device, the regenerative brake of the rotating machine 12 cannot be used due to the charging limit of the battery 18, etc. However, by starting the electromagnetic retarder 70, the multiple use of the wheel brake 60 can be suppressed. Since the electromagnetic reverser 70 can be configured on the output shaft 34 of the rotary machine 12, there is no need for major design changes compared with the existing electric drive unit 10 in the case of setting up air resistance variable unit or road resistance variable unit. Easy to use. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-US10780772B2    abstract-A locomotive propulsion system includes an engine assisting apparatus and an engine control unit that monitors an output parameter of a locomotive engine. The control unit determines whether the engine output decreases sufficiently low to at least partially de-fuel the engine and to activate an assisting apparatus. This assisting apparatus rotates a shaft of the engine with or without the engine also rotating the shaft. Rotation of the shaft by the assisting apparatus can be used to power traction motors or other loads of the locomotive while reducing fuel consumption and/or emission generation by the engine.

id-EP3867111B1    abstract-

id-US20200130694A1    abstract-A regenerative braking control method of a vehicle, may include a first operation of determining a driving risk of a road surface on the basis of a status of the road surface while driving; a second operation of determining whether an accelerator pedal is released while driving; a third operation of determining whether a brake pedal is operated while driving; and a fourth operation of performing no regenerative braking when the accelerator pedal is determined as being released, the driving risk of the road surface is determined as being high, and when the brake pedal is determined as not being operated.

id-US20220041069A1    abstract-The disclosure is directed at an apparatus and method for optimizing fuel efficiency of a hybrid vehicle. Driving session data keyed to a specific driver driving a specific route is collected and used to train an optimization algorithm, which is executed on the vehicle to operate a motor-generator so as to optimize the fuel efficiency of the vehicle. An example electric converter dolly is disclosed as a platform for implementing this technique as part of a tractor-trailer vehicle configuration, which may provide certain advantages over implementation on a standalone hybrid vehicle.

id-US20220063494A1    abstract-This invention concerns a sound and performance emulator ( 1 ) for an electric propulsion vehicle ( 100 ) with a first sensor ( 2 ) to emit a clutch signal ( 2   a ) relative to the position of a clutch ( 101 ) of the electric propulsion vehicle ( 100 ); a second sensor ( 3 ) to emit a gear signal ( 3   a ) relative to the position of a gear-switch ( 102 ) of the electric propulsion vehicle ( 100 ); a control unit ( 4 ) which receives an acceleration signal ( 5 ) relating to an accelerator position ( 103 ) of the electric propulsion vehicle ( 100 ); a vehicle speed signal ( 6 ) and/or an engine revolutions signal ( 7 ) relating to the engine revolutions (RpmExt) of the electric motor ( 104 ); the clutch signal ( 2   a ); and the gear signal ( 3   a ). The control unit ( 4 ) calculates a simulated engine revolutions value (RpmFinal) and a simulated gear inserted value (GearInserted) of a simulated endothermic combustion vehicle. The control unit ( 4 ) provides a requested simulated torque value and/or an output throttle signal (OutputThrottle) to be sent to the electric propulsion vehicle ( 100 ) to control it.

id-US20200161874A1    abstract-A charging control apparatus: an information acquisition circuit configured to acquire, when a storage battery of a vehicle that is being stopped is charged with the power from the external power supply, location information indicating a current location of the vehicle, and altitude information on surroundings of the current location; a calculation circuit configured to calculate, when a travel route has not been designated, a change amount of a state of charge (SOC) of the storage battery from the current location to at least one predetermined point in the surroundings, based on the location information and the altitude information; and a setting circuit configured to set, based on the calculated change amount of the SOC, a charge amount of the storage battery to be charged with the power from the external power supply.

id-US11318862B2    abstract-A vehicle battery heating apparatus is to be mounted in a vehicle that travels with electricity from a battery. The apparatus includes a battery, a heater, a sensor, a controller, and a memory. The battery is mountable in the vehicle to allow the vehicle to travel. The heater heats the battery. The sensor obtains a temperature of the battery. The controller heats the battery with the heater. The memory stores heating target temperatures for respective remaining capacities of the battery. The controller obtains a remaining capacity of the battery, obtains a target temperature from the memory in accordance with the obtained remaining capacity, and sets a target temperature for heating the battery which is not on charge while the vehicle is stopped to the obtained target temperature. The heater heats the battery to the set target temperature.

id-US20200148208A1    abstract-A vehicle includes a motor; a transmission; a battery; a mode input device for receiving a driving mode; a control information input device for receiving regenerative braking control information or gearshift level control information; and a controller configured to control at least one of braking torque of the motor and gearshift level of the transmission to control an amount of regenerative braking during regenerative braking by recognizing a signal received from the control information input device as a signal corresponding to the regenerative braking control information when the driving mode input to the mode input device is a first mode, and control the transmission to control the gearshift level of the transmission by recognizing a signal received from the control information input device as a signal corresponding to the gearshift level control information when the driving mode input to the mode input device is a second mode.

id-JP6907175B2    abstract-

id-EP3659845A3    abstract-A control device of a vehicle comprises a vehicle control part 61 configured to use a probability distribution of at least one predetermined parameter to calculate an expected value of each of at least one evaluation value and control the vehicle 1 based on the expected value.

id-WO2020095202A1    abstract-Auxiliary energy regeneration system for motorvehicles (7) propelled by an electric, or electro-thermal hybrid propeller, equipped with MGU-K motor generator units (13), and possibly also of MGU-H units, characterised in that: Said auxiliary energy regeneration system consists of an aerogenerator system (A) arranged on said motorvehicle (7) in at least one dynamic air intake (8), or air duct, and comprising one or a group of wind turbines (1) electrically connected to one or a group of batteries (6) dedicated to the operation of said MGU- K unit (13), and possibly also of said MGU-H unit, wherein said aerogenerator system (A) is controlled by a control and electronic management unit (4) to actively cooperate in parallel with said MGU-K unit (13), and possibly also with said MGU-H unit, in order to reduce the charging time of the group of batteries (6), increasing the performance of the electric propeller or of the electro-thermal hybrid propeller of said motorvehicle (7).

id-JP2020082947A    abstract-[challenges] in plug-in hybrid vehicles, while maintaining deceleration when braking is required, the heat of the particulate filter that collects particulate matter from the exhaust gas of the internal combustion engine is suppressed. [solution] the plug-in hybrid vehicle of this disclosure USES an internal combustion engine, a particulate filter to collect particulate matter from the exhaust gas of the internal combustion engine, an electric motor that outputs driving force and regenerative braking power to the wheels, and electric power with the motor. When the amount of particulate matter in the particulate filter and the storage device that can be charged by external power supply exceeds the specified amount, the target SOC when charging the storage device by external power supply is deposited And a control device that is lower than the specified amount. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20200148210A1    abstract-A host vehicle includes an internal combustion engine, a turbocharger in fluid communication with the internal combustion engine, a communication system configured to transmit and receive a traffic-related message, and a controller in communication with the turbocharger and the communication system. The controller is programmed to: receive the traffic-related message via the communication system; and command the internal combustion engine to increase a power output to spool up the turbocharger in response to receiving the traffic-related message. The controller is programmed to determine a number of relevant vehicles. The number of relevant vehicles is a number of vehicles that are in front of the host vehicle and behind a traffic light and affect a movement of the host vehicle toward the traffic light. The traffic-related message is a one of a vehicle message from another vehicle and/or a traffic-light message from the traffic light.

id-US20200172092A1    abstract-A vehicle is provided to improve driving and pedestrian safety. The vehicle includes a position receiver that receives a position of the vehicle and a communicator that receives map information including Green Zone position information. A controller operates the vehicle to travel in a Green Zone mode from a section start point of a Green Zone to a section end point of the Green Zone when it is predicted that the vehicle enters the Green Zone from the position of the vehicle received from the position receiver.

id-US20200169198A1    abstract-A motor control device includes: a storage configured to store reference Lissajous values; and a controller configured to apply an excitation signal to a resolver; receive an output signal output from the resolver, to obtain a Lissajous value corresponding to the received output signal, to determine that an external noise is input when the obtained Lissajous value is different from the reference Lissajous values, and to control driving of a motor based on the obtained Lissajous value when the obtained Lissajous value is equal to any one of the reference Lissajous values. A vehicle having the motor control device may further include a battery configured to transmit power to the motor and to be charged by regenerative braking of the motor.

id-EP3659851A1    abstract-The invention concerns a control unit (1) for controlling a braking system in a recuperation mode of a driving vehicle (30), which is adapted to control the braking power of a first braking means (3) set up as a recuperating generator and the braking power of a second braking means (4) set up as a mechanical brake by the use of at least one physical parameter being effective during the driving operation, in order to distribute the total braking power between the first braking means (3) and the second braking means (4) and thus adjusting the proportionate braking power of the two braking means (3,4) to the total braking power.The invention also concerns a vehicle comprising a control unit, a method of operating the vehicle and the use of the control unit.

id-JP7283889B2    abstract-

id-US20200153335A1    abstract-A bidirectional power converter includes a first terminal, a second terminal, a main reactor, a plurality of sub-circuits and a controller. The sub-circuits each include an upper switching element, a lower switching element, two diodes, and a sub-reactor. The controller sequentially controls the sub-circuits such that: the lower switching element is turned on and turned off and then the upper switching element is turned on and turned off in each of the sub-circuits, while a current is flowing from the first terminal toward the second terminal; and the upper switching element is turned on and turned off and then, the lower switching element is turned on and turned off in each of the sub-circuits, while the current is flowing from the second terminal toward the first terminal.

id-JP2020089084A    abstract-[issues] we provide technology that can suppress the reduction of power generation efficiency of fuel cells. [solution] the fuel cell vehicle is capable of regenerative operation, and it is equipped with a motor for driving the fuel cell vehicle, a fuel cell, a secondary cell, and a control unit. The control unit is equipped with a weight acquisition unit and a weight acquisition unit for calculating the current weight of the fuel cell vehicle. Under the condition that the calculated current weight is greater than the base weight, the charge/discharge control part sets the upper limit value to a higher value and the lower limit value to a lower value than the base weight. Selection diagram: figure 5
id-US20200156478A1    abstract-In a braking force control system for a vehicle, braking is performed by distributing a braking force required for braking the vehicle to the regenerative braking force and the friction braking force. The regenerative braking force and the friction braking force are re-distributed by predicting a nose dive phenomenon of the vehicle, whereby the occurrence of the nose dive phenomenon is prevented by minimizing damping control of an electronic control suspension (ECS). Thus, an excessive operation of the ECS may be prevented.

id-US20200161030A1    abstract-A power diffusing assembly includes a power diffusing body disposed along a flow path of a compressible fluid. The power diffusing body includes passages extending through the power diffusing body and through which at least part of the fluid flows through the power diffusing body. The power diffusing body receives an incoming flow profile of the fluid on an inlet side of the power diffusing body, directs the fluid through the passages in the power diffusing body, and outputs an outgoing flow profile of the fluid out of an outlet side of the power diffusing body. Arrangements of the passages in the power diffusing body are based on the incoming flow profile of the fluid that are received by the power diffusing body and are based on a desired profile of the outgoing flow profile of the fluid exiting out of the power diffusing body.

id-US11697340B1    abstract-An electrical portal wheel hub system is coupled with a wheel and has an electric motor/generator, such as an axial flux motor configured therein and configured to provide power or torque to drive the wheel. The electric motor may be offset vertically from the rotational axis of the wheel to provide additional ground clearance. The electric motor may drive an input gear that is coupled with an output gear that in turns drives the wheel mount and wheel. The gearing ratio can be selected based on the application. A drive axle may from the vehicle may couple with the electric motor and the electric motor may be used to provide supplemental power to drive the wheels. The hub casing may provide mounts for the upper and lower A-arms as well as for a steering arm. The electric motor may act as a generator to charge a battery.

id-EP3650259A1    abstract-The program of operation is the Kraftfahrzeugs,(1) or (1) at least two mechanized electronic devices (3, 4) with any particular Antriebsstrangkomponente, the first of which contains an electric machine (3) in the first section (8) and a Bordnetz Kraftfahrzeuges (7)(1) is connected with another electric machine (4) in section 2 (9) with Kraftfahrzeuges Bordnetz(7)(1) is linked together in which the first node (8) and (9) the second node space beabstandet and is linked together by at least one electronic circuit (10), while Rekuperationsbetrieb motor machine (3,4) in the first and second (3, 4) electronics to depend on a Leistungsbedarfsinformation in which at least one Leistungsbedarf section (8) and the first phase Leistungsbedarf description (9) in the second quarter, is generated.
