id-US10082063B2    abstract-The present techniques are directed to a system and methods for operating a gas turbine system. An exemplary gas turbine system includes an oxidant system, a fuel system, and a control system. A combustor is adapted to receive and combust an oxidant from the oxidant system and a fuel from the fuel system to produce an exhaust gas. A catalyst unit including an oxidation catalyst that includes an oxygen storage component is configured to reduce the concentration of oxygen in the exhaust gas to form a low oxygen content product gas.

id-US20140216687A1    abstract-A regenerative heat exchanger for transferring heat from the exhaust gas to the intake working fluid of a prime mover. Application includes gas turbines for both motor vehicles and distributed electric generation. The heat exchanger employs a rotating matrix, which circulates through working fluid exhaust and intake channels while absorbing and rejecting heat between the two channels. Features include corrugated tubes for enhanced heat transfer, minimally welded low stress construction, quick-detach assembly of standard components, and purge flow sealing using recovered heat. Effectiveness exceeding 95% increases thermal efficiency of low-pressure ratio gas turbines.

id-JP5592965B2    abstract-

id-US9551279B2    abstract-A system and method are provided for a compressed air energy storage (CAES) system. The system and method may include compressing a process gas with a compressor train to produce a compressed process gas. The compressed process gas may be directed to a compressed gas storage unit and stored therein. The compressed process gas from the compressed gas storage unit may be released to a heat recovery unit via a feed line. The heat recovery unit may heat the compressed process gas and direct the heated compressed process gas to an expansion assembly to generate a power output. Feed water from a feed water source may be heated in the heat recovery unit to produce steam for injection into a combustion turbine assembly. The combustion turbine assembly may heat the heat recovery unit via an exhaust line.

id-WO2014137418A3    abstract-A gas turbine engine is disclosed having a recuperator that in one form is powered by an electrical generator driven by the gas turbine engine. The recuperator can be disposed with a compressor discharge of the gas turbine engine and can take a variety of forms such as a vane or tube. The gas turbine engine can be configured to operate in a variety of modes at least some of which use a thermal energy from the recuperator to heat a flow stream of the gas turbine engine. An energy storage device can be used with the generator to provide power to a load as the gas turbine engine is operated in a power mode.

id-US20140250859A1    abstract-An axial-flow turbine according to an embodiment includes a plurality of nozzle structures and a plurality of blade structures. At least one nozzle structure includes an outer ring diaphragm and an inner ring diaphragm. The outer ring diaphragm and the inner ring diaphragm form an annular opening portion which extends in a circumferential direction therebetween. A nozzle is provided in a portion of a region of the annular opening portion in the circumferential direction, and a closing part is provided in another portion of the region of the annular opening portion in the circumferential direction. The closing part closes this other portion of the region to prevent a working fluid from flowing into this other portion of the region. A closing part medium passage is provided in the closing part and is configured to flow a cooling medium which cools the closing part.

id-US20140260178A1    abstract-A recuperator disposed in the exhaust duct of a gas turbine engine includes a plurality of recuperator plates arranged in a spaced-apart relationship to define therebetween a plurality of interstices and fluid channels, the plurality of interstices adapted to direct therethrough at least one first stream received at a leading plate edge of the recuperator plates and the plurality of fluid channels adapted to direct therethrough at least one second stream to effect heat exchange between the at least one first stream and the at least one second stream. Each recuperator plate includes, formed at the leading plate edge thereof, a first concavity extending along the leading edge in a direction substantially parallel to a longitudinal axis of the plate. The first concavity extends transversely to a direction of the at least one first stream flowing over each recuperator plate.

id-WO2014166671A1    abstract-The gas turbine (1), jet engine (6), turbine (10) and ventilation unit (6) leading gas kettle (22) should achieve emission reduction through relatively simple technical management without compromising emission reduction quality. The gas heating transmission power (22) adjusts the heat according to the lowest value of the compressor temperature (4); The minimum value can be used as a function of the absolute capacity (1) of the gas turbine.
id-US10151241B2    abstract-The regenerative gas turbine combustor is such that a compressed air passage between a combustor inner cylinder 10 and a tail cylinder 12, and a combustor outer cylinder 7 is blocked by a division wall 15 at a position between a bleeding port 13 and an injection port 14, and compressed air is preheated in a regenerator 4 and then the compressed air thus preheated is burnt together with fuel. This combustor includes seal rings 17a-17c, a holder 16 installed on the inner circumferential portion of the division wall 15 and having ring grooves 25a-25c for holding the respective seal rings 17a-17c, and gaps 20 provided between the inner circumferential surfaces of the ring grooves 25a-25c and the outer circumferential surfaces of the seal rings 17a-17c.

id-JP2014218933A    abstract-[challenges] we provide a heat exchanger storage mechanism that does not impair the life of the heat exchanger even when the equipment using the heat exchanger is operated intermittently and prevents the loss of efficiency when the equipment is restarted. When the operation of the equipment (GT) equipped with the heat exchanger (7) is stopped, in the heat storage mechanism used to store the heat of the heat exchanger (7), the exhaust passage (29) that discharges the exhaust gas (G2) as the heating medium of the heat exchanger (7) to the outside is described above. A leakage prevention unit (31) is provided to prevent the exhaust gas (G2) from flowing out when the equipment is stopped. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-WO2014189696A1    abstract-A turbomachine assembly for recovering waste heat generally has a compressor section that is configured to generate a compressed fluid flow and to channel the compressed fluid flow within the turbomachine assembly. A turbine section is coupled to the compressor section via a rotating member such that portions of the rotating member are located within the compressor section and the turbine section, respectively. The turbine section is in flow communication with the compressor section such that the compressed fluid flow is received by the turbine section. At least one heat exchanger is positioned at least partly within the turbine section where the heat exchanger receives waste heat energy. The heat exchanger transfers energy from the waste heat into the compressed fluid flow to increase at least one parameter of the compressed fluid flow contributing to the generation of a power output.

id-WO2014195075A1    abstract-The invention relates to a Gasturbinen gekoppeltes Speichersystem:(1) operating thermischer energy in Warmespeicher (10), using an Entladeschaltung Ladeschaltung(2) and (3), while Ladeschaltung(2) set up the electric Warmeerzeugungseinrichtung (20) has been trained to use warmth to generate electricity, while Ladeschaltung(2) has been trained to use this warmth, at least It is partially stored by the Warmespeicher (10), and simultaneously Entladeschaltung is trained (3) by heat from the Warmespeicher (10) Fluid konditionierten thermisch, the Ansaugseite of some Verdichters(101) leads to Gasturbine(100), while Ladeschaltung(2) is more than Warmeerzeugungseinrichtung Warmepumpe (20). .
id-JP6336591B2    abstract-

id-US20150033751A1    abstract-A system includes a compressor configured to compress a gaseous stream, an exhaust gas cooler configured to cool an exhaust gas from combustion with a cooling water, and a water injection system configured to inject the cooling water from the exhaust gas cooler into at least one of a compressor inlet of the compressor, a stage of the compressor, between stages of the compressor, or an inlet duct coupled to the compressor inlet of the compressor, or any combination thereof.

id-US20160177827A1    abstract-A gas turbine power plant includes a gas turbine having a compressor, combustion chamber, and expander and is rotationally mechanically coupled to an energisation unit designed for motor operation of the compressor and for electricity-generating generator operation of the gas turbine. The power plant includes a recuperator, thermally connected to an exhaust-gas discharge line of the turbine such that heat is transferred from the exhaust-gas flow in the exhaust-gas discharge line to a fluid flow in a fluid line during operation, which fluid flow is fed to the combustion chamber. A supply line is fluidically connected to the turbine such that water is supplied to the turbine to increase operating mass flow during operation. The exhaust-gas discharge line is thermally coupled to at least one heat accumulator, such that, during operation, heat of the exhaust-gas flow is transferred to a heat accumulator medium for storage in the heat accumulator.

id-US10794274B2    abstract-The gas turbine facility  10  of the embodiment includes a combustor  20  combusting fuel and oxidant, a turbine  21  rotated by combustion gas, a heat exchanger  23  cooling the combustion gas, a heat exchanger  24  removing water vapor from the combustion gas which passed through the heat exchanger  23  to regenerate dry working gas, and a compressor  25  compressing the dry working gas until it becomes supercritical fluid. Further, the gas turbine facility  10  includes a pipe  42  guiding a part of the dry working gas from the compressor  25  to the combustor  20  via the heat exchanger  23 , a pipe  44  exhausting a part of the dry working gas to the outside, and a pipe  45  introducing a remaining part of the dry working gas exhausted from the compressor  25  into a pipe  40  coupling an outlet of the turbine  21  and an inlet of the heat exchanger  23.

id-WO2015028051A1    abstract-Our invention involves an axiom warehouse with a part in set, a rotating part, a ring-shaped slide pile where n > 3 is any slide. n In the AD Umfangsrichtung The Funktionsringsegmente is adjacent to each other in different ways as well as from the edge of the inner slide to the gap between the outer edge of the slide and the symptoms of two Funktionsringsegmenten interruptions (2140), while such slides distort each other and uberlappend elements F to each other olienstapel Achsrichtung A series of individual Segmenten, in the visual direction, remain unchanged, and have an identical copy of the part, forming a homologous hall.
id-EP2865981B1    abstract-

id-EP2876279B1    abstract-

