id-WO2020165790A1    abstract-A cooling system for cooling hot components of a radial or axial gas turbine engine, which includes a recuperator heat exchanger, provides engine cooling without loss of thermal efficiency. Air flow leaving a compressor is split between a recuperator flow path and a bleed flow path. Air in the bleed flow path flows through the hot parts of the engine, thereby cooling the engine and heating the air. The air in the bleed flow path is combined with the output flow from a combustor and directed into a turbine inlet. A reduction of air flow in the recuperator flow path increases the thermal effectiveness of the recuperator heat exchanger by increasing a ratio of hot and cold flows inside the heat exchanger. The increase in thermal effectiveness of the heat exchanger compensates for energy losses incurred by diverting a portion of the compressor air flow for cooling.

id-US20200291869A1    abstract-An aircraft propulsion system, including a turbojet and a heat exchanger system which includes a main heat exchanger, a hot air supply pipe, a transfer pipe transferring hot air to an air management system, a main supply pipe supplying cold air from the fan duct, an evacuation pipe expelling air to the outside, a sub heat exchanger with a high pressure pipe going therethrough, a sub supply pipe supplying cold air and including a sub regulating valve, a sub evacuation pipe expelling air, a temperature sensor, and a controller controlling the system according to the temperature measured The sub regulating valve comprises a door articulated between closed and open positions, a return spring constraining the door in the open position, and a realizing system, controlled by the controller, mobile between a blocking position and a realizing position in which the door is released to move to the open position.

id-US11008116B2    abstract-A gas turbine engine includes a supply air conduit fluidly connected to an inlet of a combustion chamber to convey supply air to the combustion chamber, an exhaust conduit fluidly connected to an exit of the combustion chamber to convey exhaust gases away from the combustion chamber, and a recuperator defining a first flow path and a second flow path therethrough, the second flow path being in heat transfer communication with the first flow path, the first flow path defining part of the supply air conduit, the second flow path defining part of the exhaust conduit. Methods of operating the engine are also provided.

id-EP3739184A1    abstract-A gas turbine engine (10; 10A) includes a rotatable first shaft (12; 12A), a first disk (20; 20A) connected to the first shaft (12; 12A), a second disk (26; 26A) connected to the first shaft (12; 12A), a combustor (44; 44A) radially outward from the first disk (20; 20A) and the second disk (26; 26A), and a heat exchanger (40; 40A) connected to the combustor (44; 44A) aft of the second disk (26; 26A). The first disk (20; 20A) includes a row of low pressure compressor blades (46; 46A) and a row of high pressure turbine blades (48; 48A) connected to a radially outer end of the row of low pressure compressor blades (46; 46A). The second disk (26; 26A) includes a row of high pressure compressor blades (54; 54A) and a row of low pressure turbine blades (56; 56A) connected to a radially outer end of the row of high pressure compressor blades (54; 54A).

id-US11326520B2    abstract-A heat exchange apparatus cools air supplied from a compressor to a turbine and includes a shell housing; a heat exchanger coupled to an outer surface of the shell housing and configured to cool air passing through an air channel of the heat exchanger using a coolant passing through a coolant channel; a flow guide installed in the shell housing and connected to the air channel of the heat exchanger in order to pass the cooled air into the shell housing, the flow guide having a distal end spaced apart from an inner surface of the shell housing; and at least one air discharge port installed through a sidewall of the shell housing to communicate with the air channel via the flow guide. The heat exchanger is a printed board type including a first plate and a second plate and is formed by alternately stacking the first and second plates.

id-WO2020262515A1    abstract-The gas turbine according to the embodiment includes a scroll path extending around the combustion cylinder and an axial flow path extending in the direction of the combustion cylinder and connecting the scroll path and the inside of the combustion cylinder, and the shaft of the combustion cylinder A premixing tube arranged on the upstream side of the direction and a first fuel nozzle arranged on the upstream side of the circumscribed direction of the scroll flow path and having an injection hole for fuel injection into the scroll flow path, where the scroll flow path exists. They are arranged in overlapping positions in the range and axis directions.
