id-US9816402B2    abstract-The present disclosure is directed to heat recovery systems that employ two or more organic Rankine cycle (ORC) units disposed in series. According to certain embodiments, each ORC unit includes an evaporator that heats an organic working fluid, a turbine generator set that expands the working fluid to generate electricity, a condenser that cools the working fluid, and a pump that returns the working fluid to the evaporator. The heating fluid is directed through each evaporator to heat the working fluid circulating within each ORC unit, and the cooling fluid is directed through each condenser to cool the working fluid circulating within each ORC unit. The heating fluid and the cooling fluid flow through the ORC units in series in the same or opposite directions.

id-EP2481895B1    abstract-

id-WO2012093310A3    abstract-Proposed is a heating system with multiple radiators which utilizes a cycling steam source. During the heating cycle, condensate is retained in the   radiators and released later through the   steam supply line. Such condensate and steam flows alternation on the same line eliminates water hammering and justifies the usage of smaller diameter tubes and a new radiator design. When air is evacuated, the   system operates like a branched heat pipe with periodic condensate return. The system may include a vacuum check valve on the air vent lines and an operational procedure to naturally create a vacuum through the condensation of steam in an enclosed space after the complete purging of air from the system. The steam/vapor source cut off pressure can be adjusted to regulate the vapor temperature depending on the outside temperature. The proposed method can be utilized for the conversion of existing steam heating systems into vapor/vacuum systems with a naturally induced vacuum.

id-US9677430B2    abstract-A combined cycle power plant with a gas and steam turbine system arranged on a single shaft and integrated with a cogeneration plant having a heat consumer such as a district heating system or industrial plant, including one or more steam extractions at an intermediate-pressure steam turbine that are arranged at the upper casing half-shell of the turbine and extraction steam lines that lead the extracted steam to heat exchangers of the cogeneration plant. The steam extraction outlets are arranged either singly at or near the uppermost point of the casing or in pairs to either side of the uppermost point of the casing. The specific arrangement of the extractions allows a floor-mounting of the single-shaft combined cycle power plant and as such a cost and space efficient realization of the power plant.

id-US8806870B2    abstract-According to one embodiment, a carbon-dioxide-recovery-type thermal power generation system includes an absorption column allows carbon dioxide contained in exhaust gas from a boiler to be absorbed in an absorption liquid, a regeneration column that discharges a carbon dioxide gas from the absorption liquid supplied from the absorption column, a reboiler that heats the absorption liquid discharged from the regeneration column and supplies steam generated, to the regeneration column, a condenser that generates condensate by cooling the steam exhausted from a turbine, a heater that heats the condensate, a water supply pump that supplies the condensate to the boiler, a line through the steam extracted from the turbine is supplied to the reboiler and the heater, and a steam flow rate adjusting unit. The steam flow rate adjusting unit maintains an amount of steam, which is extracted from the turbine through the line, to be constant.

id-EP2505632A2    abstract-The invented device is a program generated by Brenngas following steps (a) and electrical energy generation. Produktgases Biomassevergasungseinrichtung biomass (b) (1) from holzartiger knowing Produktgases Methanisierungsreaktor in exothermen (3) Methanisierungsprozess became methanhaltigen Brenngas; (c) Using natural gas as a fuel exchange gas (Bio-SNG), such that CO 2 will be removed from methanhaltigen Brenngas. According to this invention, 1) the exothermic process (2) released in gas and steam power plants (3) is used to drive the steam as a secondary superheating of the steam
id-US8572973B2    abstract-An apparatus and a method generate power and refrigeration from low-grade heat. The apparatus includes a heating module, a power generator module, an ejector, a heat exchanger, a condenser module, a low-temperature evaporator, a reservoir, a pressure pump and two direction controllable three-way valves. The heating module includes a heat source and a boiler. The power generator module includes an expansion turbine and a power generator. The condenser module includes a condenser and a cooling tower. The method is that the direction controllable three-way valves are operated to change the flow directions of the working fluid for executing a power generation and refrigeration mode, a power generation mode, a refrigeration mode or an idle mode.

id-US10125638B2    abstract-The present invention provides a method for operating a combined heat and power (CHP) plant comprising a heating boiler, a vaporizer, an expansion machine, and a condenser, achieved according to claim 1. The method comprises steps a), when a first condition is met: supplying a working medium to the vaporizer to obtain an at least partially evaporated working medium, feeding the (total) evaporated working medium to the expansion machine, and operating the expansion machine such that the working medium is expanded, supplying the working medium expanded by the expansion machine to the condenser, and transferring heat of the expanded working medium supplied to the condenser to a medium of a heating circuit designed to heat an object; and b) when a second condition is met which is different from the first condition: i) supplying at least a portion of the working medium to the condenser of the CHP plant without the portion of the working medium having been supplied to the expansion machine, and transferring heat of the working medium supplied to the condenser to a medium of a heating circuit designed to heat an object, and/or supplying a medium supplied from the heating boiler to the vaporizer to a heat transfer device in which heat is transferred from this medium to a medium of a heating circuit designed to heat an object.

id-WO2013002066A1    abstract-This waste heat generator G2) directs an evaporator (1) that generates the steam of the working medium, a power generation device (2) that expands the steam and generates power, a condenser (3) that condenses the steam passing through the power generation device (2), and a condensed working medium towards the evaporator (1). Equipped with a pump (5) and, to send out. In addition, this waste heat power generation device (G1, G2) includes a valve device (6) for supplying or stopping the power device (2) as a cooling medium for cooling the power device (2);
id-WO2013014685A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a thermal co-generation plant (1), within which, a fluid flows along a closed circuit, said plant comprising, in series, an evaporator (2), for heating said fluid, a valve (3), at the outlet of said evaporator (2), for adjusting pressure of fluid within said evaporator (2), a turbine (4),within which said fluid expands, generating electric power, a condenser (5), from which fluid exiting from said turbine (4) is entered into a closed circuit, hot water generation plant, a tank (6), for collecting cooled fluid from said hot water generation plant and to send the same to the evaporator (2), and a circulation pump (7), sending fluid at a liquid state, to said evaporator (2), said fluid having a boiling point of about 35°-40°.

id-EP2597275B1    abstract-

