id-EP3430245B1    abstract-

id-US20170268384A1    abstract-A water/steam system for a combined cycle power plant and related method for operating said system are provided. The system comprises a heat recovery steam generator providing a flue gas stream path for extracting heat from a flue gas stream exhausted from a gas turbine, the heat recovery steam generator having a low pressure section including a low pressure evaporator arranged along the flue gas stream path for generating low pressure steam at a low pressure input level for a main input of a low pressure steam turbine. To use heat a low temperatures, embodiments of the system provide that in the low pressure section, additional sub low pressure steam, at a sub low pressure level below the low pressure level, is generated by a sub low pressure evaporator in the flue gas stream path.

id-US10823405B2    abstract-Integration of an oxyfuel combustion boiler at elevated pressures and a heat exchanger is achieved to produce carbon dioxide by feeding flue gas comprising carbon dioxide and water from the oxyfuel combustion boiler to a direct contact cooler column wherein water is condensed at a temperature of 0 to 10° C. lower than its dew point; feeding a portion of the condensed water from the direct contact cooler column to the oxyfuel combustion boiler; feeding a portion of the carbon dioxide from the direct contact cooler column to the oxyfuel combustion boiler; and recovering a portion of the carbon dioxide from the direct contact cooler column.

id-US20190353099A1    abstract-A system for generating electricity, heat, and desalinated water having a gas turbine system connected to a first electric generator, a waste heat recovery boiler (WHRB) system, a combined heat and power (CHP) generation system connected to a second electric generator, one or more solar powered energy systems, and a desalination system. The desalination system is connected to the CHP generation system and the WHRB system. The gas turbine system generates electricity and heat, the WHRB system is connected to and uses the exhaust of the gas turbine system to provide heat and steam power to the CHP generation system. The CHP generation system produces and provides electricity and heat to the desalination system, which produces product water, and at least one solar powered energy system provides thermal energy to one or more of the gas turbine system, the WHRB system, the CHP generation system, and the desalination system.

id-EP3244030A1    abstract-A power plant having a steam cycle and a water cycle. In order to initiate a load jump steam extracted from the steam cycle is condensed against boiler feed water and directed back into a cold reheat line (10a) between a steam turbine (6) and a reheater (4).

id-WO2017204773A3    abstract-The basic condition of thermodynamics is that it is closed circuit. This is a main prerequisite for a thermodynamics system to be measurable and controllable. This is in full the ground on which CHP-w has been set up. There should not be any misconception about CHP-w like that; how can a thermodynamic equality produce more work reversely ? It is a fact that an equality must be the same on both sides. However, Cogeneration and Cogeneration-w are not two sides of an equality. Cogeneration and Cogeneration- w consist of a seperate equations in itself. Cogeneration is a method of recovering of the heat by using thermodynamic parameters that has fallen into an inert state in an open system. Whereas, the CHP-w predicates on a closed thermodynamic system which aspires to arise the work output as target. CHP-w method has been set up over the features of taking under control to boiler inner combustion- fluid balance with elastic superheated steam production level, except for flue gas avoiding to directly use of boiler inner heat as much as possible, collecting to boiler inner heat in a only hand by producing superheated steam and having been able to converted the enthalpy/ heat temperature and kinetic energy/ pressure into one another through different steam types in a closed system. CHP-w energy generation method obtains as much superheated steam as possible from the boiler inner heat, excluding to the flue gas and produces the work from it. If the steam to be remained in desired type and amount from the work generation by taking from turbine output whether directly as steam, or which uses by converting it over again to the heat energy is the name of a closed thermodynamic system. Provided that to use CHP-w method, the MDF wood panel production facilities in particular have the opportunity to generate electrical energy at a highly significant rate with their own biomass production residues. The same thing is a valid state for other wood-based panel manufacturing facilities whose woody-biomass residues to be left from production is not as much as MDF production process. The rate of heat required to produce superheated steam is very low. All the work done by the superheated steam is only done with this small amount of energy. At the same time this is the total amount of energy that is lost by transforming to work in a closed system. It is the cost of work. The most largest part of the generated heat in the boiler is spent to the water at 104°C temperature to convert to saturated steam. However, this spent-heat energy can be recovered again through a suitable type of steam in a closed system and can be evaluated in the manner what is desired, whereever it is needed.

id-US20170356342A1    abstract-A gas turbine fuel heating system is disclosed having at least one coalescing filter configured to accept a main fuel supply and a plurality of fuel circuit heaters. Each fuel circuit heater can be configured to accept an independent fuel circuit portion of the main fuel supply leaving the at least one coalescing filter and also configured to accept a heating medium circuit portion of a heating medium. The system can have a plurality of scrubbers, a plurality of fuel circuit manifolds, and a plurality of fuel premix tubes. A controller circuit determines the MWI for each independent fuel circuit portion and adjusts the heating medium circuit portion passed to the corresponding fuel circuit heater to maintain at least one parameter selected from the group consisting of a baseline independent fuel circuit portion MWI setpoint and a predetermined independent fuel circuit portion nozzle gas injector pressure ratio.

id-US20190093518A1    abstract-A combined cycle turbine plant having at least one gas turbine, a steam turbine and at least one waste heat steam generator. The waste heat steam generator has at least one condensate pre-heater into which a condensate line discharges, and has a feed water pre-heater which is connected upstream of the condensate pre-heater in the flow direction of a gas turbine flue gas and upstream of which, on the feed water side, there is connected a feed water pump, and which is connected to a fuel preheating unit for the gas turbine. From the fuel preheating unit a line for cooled feed water discharges into a motive medium inlet of a jet pump of which the suction medium inlet is connected to an outlet of the condensate pre-heater and of which the outlet is connected to the condensate line. A corresponding method recirculates condensate in a combined cycle turbine plant.

id-JP2018009491A    abstract-[challenges] in the start-up method of the combined cycle plant, its controller and steam turbine, it is possible to change the output at an early stage in the combined cycle plant and improve the operability. The gas turbine 11 includes a compressor 21, a combustor 22 and a turbine 23; the burner 41 is used to raise the temperature of the exhaust gas from the gas turbine 11; the exhaust heat recovery boiler 12 is used to generate steam from the exhaust heat of the exhaust gas; A steam turbine 13 driven by steam generated by ila 12 and a controller 50 that changes the output of combustor 22 and changes the output of co-burner 41 when the output is changed. Select diagram: figure 3
id-US9745867B1    abstract-A compound energy co-generation system converts forestry, agricultural, and similar biomass to energy at the source farm. A working fluid reserve at the base is coupled with a boiler inlet. The boiler has a combustion chamber, a vertically rising exhaust stack, and a liquid jacket around the combustion chamber and rising from the working fluid reserve. The liquid jacket receives thermal energy from the combustion chamber and converts a portion of the liquid working fluid into a gas to create a dual-phase working fluid. A reciprocal fluid container, which in one embodiment is a piston and in another is a sealed and insulated container, receives the elevated liquid working fluid. The change in weight drives a power conversion system to convert lowering of the fluid container into electrical energy. Additional ordinarily wasted energy components are employed to perform useful work to improve overall efficiency.

id-US20180087408A1    abstract-A hybrid type power generation system in which some of components of a cogeneration system are combined with a supercritical CO 2  power generation system, may increase an energy output by combining some of the components of the cogeneration system with the supercritical CO 2  power generation system.

id-EP3315742A1    abstract-A fuel heating system (140) for a gas turbine system (102) is provided. The system includes a boiler (142) for generating steam (172), a HRSG (108) independent of the boiler (142), and a single fuel heat exchanger (150) structured to operate using steam (172) or water as the heating medium (158). A control valve system (170) selectively delivers the heating medium (158) to the second passage (156) of the single fuel heat exchanger (150) as one of: the steam (172) from the boiler (142) and the hot feedwater (174) from the HRSG (108).

