id-US20220341635A1    abstract-A transducing method comprising: using a working medium of a heat pump (I) to absorb heat from and condense an output pressure working medium gas of a pneumatic motor (J) into a pressure working medium liquid, which is delivered as an input pressure working medium of the pneumatic motor (J); compressing, by the heat pump (I), the working medium after heat absorption to raise the temperature thereof so as to deliver the heat to the input pressure working medium, to enable the same to be heated and vaporized into a pressure working medium gas for actuating the pneumatic motor (J) and then being outputted by the pneumatic motor (J) as the output pressure working medium gas; and delivering the working medium of the heat pump ( 1 ) of which the temperature is decreased after the heat thereof has been delivered, to reabsorb heat from the output pressure working medium gas.

id-US20200263831A1    abstract-A system for better utilization of liquefied natural gas (LNG) on gasification of the liquid includes a gas power generation subsystem, a steam power generation subsystem, an energy storage subsystem, and a cooling subsystem. A gasification device of the gas power generation subsystem renders the LNG gaseous and collects cold energy generated during the gasification. The gas is supplied to the gas power generation device for generating electrical power and the cold energy is supplied to the steam power generation subsystem and the cold storage subsystem. Electrical power generated by the gas power generation subsystem and the steam power generation subsystem is supplied to the cooling subsystem, and the energy stored in the energy storage subsystem is also supplied to the cooling subsystem.

id-US20210310365A1    abstract-A solar aided coal-fired power generation system participating in primary frequency regulation and a control method thereof propose a system configuration with two regulation schemes by coupling medium-low-temperature solar collectors and a coal-fired generation unit. The two regulation schemes are a high-pressure feedwater bypass scheme and a low-pressure condensate bypass scheme. The present invention formulates a primary frequency regulation control logic, so as to efficiently and accurately participate in the primary frequency regulation, thereby keeping the power grid frequency rapidly stable. The present invention also formulates a working fluid outlet temperature control logic for the solar aided coal-fired thermal system, which adjusts a heat exchange working fluid flow of the solar collectors to ensure that the temperature in each section is stable during the primary frequency regulation. The present invention uses operation matching of the turbine system and the solar collectors to improve effectiveness of the primary frequency regulation. With rational utilization of different temperature zones of different heat collectors, irreversibility is reduced, and economic efficiency of various thermal system adjustment schemes is further improved. As a result, operation flexibility of the transient process of a supplementary power generation unit can be greatly improved.

id-US10968784B2    abstract-A flexible coal-fired power generation system includes a thermal system for coal-fired power generating unit and a high-temperature heat storage system connected in parallel, wherein: the heat storage system includes a heat storage medium pump ( 17 ), a cold heat storage medium tank ( 18 ), a hot heat storage medium tank ( 20 ), multiple valves, and a heat storage medium and feedwater heat exchanger ( 21 ). A heat storage medium heater ( 16 ) locates in the boiler ( 1 ) and is connected with both the cold heat storage medium tank ( 18 ) and the hot heat storage medium tank ( 20 ). Through the heat storage medium pump ( 17 ), the flow of heat storage medium that enters the heat storage medium heater ( 16 ) is adjusted to reduce the output of the steam turbine when the boiler ( 1 ) is stably burning.

id-US11396828B2    abstract-Techniques for cogeneration of heat and power are disclosed. A cogeneration system includes: a conduit loop configured to carry a working fluid using a Rankine cycle; a valve system disposed along the conduit loop, including valves configured to manage flow of the working fluid through a chamber; a backflow vapor line disposed along the conduit loop, configured to direct working fluid in a gaseous state to the chamber, such that the working fluid in the gaseous state displaces working fluid in a liquid state in the chamber and the working fluid in the liquid state advances through the conduit loop without requiring a mechanical pump; and a heat exchanger disposed along the conduit loop, configured to extract heat from the working fluid and direct the heat to a practical use.

id-JP7164478B2    abstract-

id-WO2020184612A1    abstract-It is a power generation system that generates electricity by vaporizing liquid ammonia to produce ammonia vapor and burning ammonia vapor as fuel. It is equipped with a vaporizer (10) that generates ammonia steam by exchanging heat with sea water in a changer, a power generator (1) that generates power by burning ammonia steam, and a generator (3) that is driven by a power generator (1). Electric system
id-WO2020211471A1    abstract-Single working medium steam combined cycle refers to the working medium composed of M 1 kg and M 2 kg, respectively or jointly carried out seven processes - M 1 kg working medium pressure boost process 12, M 1 kg working medium endothermic vaporization process 23, M 2 kg working medium pressure boost process 63, M 3 kg working medium endothermic process 34, M 1 kg working medium M 3 kg working medium depressurization process 45, M 3 kg working medium exothermic process 56, M 1 kg working medium exothermic condensation process 61 - the closing process of composition; Where, M 3 is the sum of M 1 and M 2.
id-US20210025292A1    abstract-A steam turbine power plant utilizing high temperature high efficiency industrial heat pumps (IHP) to preheat boiler feedwater is disclosed. The typical extraction steam feedwater preheater is replaced by a plurality of series connected heat pumps that produce boiler feedwater by preheating pressurized condensate from a feedwater pump attached to a condensate receiver. A stack economizer extracts waste heat from boiler flue gas to provide a closed loop of hot source water to the heat pumps. The Heat Rate of the power plant will be reduced by approximately 7%. By using leaving condenser water as source water for the lower temperature stage heat pumps, some of the liberated high temperature source water can be diverted to a new boiler combustion air preheater. The combination of feedwater preheating heat pumps plus a boiler combustion air preheater will reduce the Heat Rate of the power plant by approximately 12%.

id-US20220259989A1    abstract-A geothermal district heating (DH) system includes a plurality of DH conduits each of the conduits extending to a corresponding heat consumer; means for delivering a DH-usable fluid through said plurality of DH conduits; a fluid circuit through which a geothermal fluid is flowable; and at least two heat exchangers, each of the heat exchangers configured to transfer heat directly or indirectly from the geothermal fluid to said DH-usable fluid with a total heat influx provided by the at least two heat exchangers to said DH-usable fluid that is sufficiently high to raise a temperature of the DH-usable fluid to a predetermined DH-usable temperature without need for any supplemental fossil fuel derived waste heat to be transferred to said DH-usable fluid.

id-JP3230102U    abstract-[challenges] to provide an integrated energy system that realizes integrated and highly efficient use of solar energy, shallow geothermal energy and electric energy. [solution] an integrated energy system based on a reversible expander is equipped with a heat source system composed of a solar collector 8 and a fuel gas auxiliary heater 10. The heat source system is internally equipped with multiple sets of heat exchangers 11 to 13 for cooling and heat storage. The first heat exchanger is connected in series with the second heat exchanger 3 via reversible expander 1, and the first heat exchanger is expanded into the series connection loop between the first heat exchanger and the second heat exchanger. The valve 4 and the working fluid pump 5 are installed, from which an organic Rankine cycle power generation to heat pump integrated unit is formed, and the second heat exchanger is connected to the buried tube heat exchanger 9 and the radiant heat exchanger 7. Control system 14 is also provided. Selection diagram: figure 1
