id-WO2013164562A1    abstract-Apparatus (300)for storing energy, comprising: a first engine stage (330)acting as a compressor during a charging phase of a cycle and as an expander during a discharging phase; a first heat store (320)for receiving and storing thermal energy from gas compressed by the first engine stage (330)during the charging phase; a second engine stage (340)acting as an expander during the charging phase to expand gas received from the first heat store (320)and as a compressor during the discharging phase; a second heat store (310)for transferring thermal energy to gas expanded by the expander (340)during the charging phase; a heat rejection device (385/380)for dissipating unwanted heat from a gas flow; and control means (370)for varying the degree of thermal coupling between the gas flow and the heat rejection device,or,its level of heat rejection performance,between a lower level during a first part of the cycle (e.g. a discharging phase) and a higher level during a second part of the cycle(e.g. a charging phase), so as to increase heat rejection during the second part (such that during charging gas enters the second heat store at a lowered temperature)for boosting energy density over the complete (e.g. charge/discharge) cycle.

id-EP2650494A2    abstract-A combined power and water production system includes a steam generator (10), a water production facility (30), and a heater (40) to heat water and to provide the heated water to the steam generator (10) to generate steam.

id-US9222360B2    abstract-A combined heat and power plant has at least one primary heat source thermally connected to a heat distribution network for heat energy via one or more primary heat exchangers. At least one secondary heat source is thermally connected to one or more energy converters arranged to, when an amount of heat energy is supplied from the at least one secondary heat source, generate an amount of electrical energy for an internal electricity distribution network in the combined heat and power plant. A method is for operating a combined heat and power plant.

id-US20130328395A1    abstract-A power plant, in the form of a combined heat and power (CHP) plant, may be co-located with a data center to provide redundant electrical power. The CHP plant and the data center may operate as an island, separate from the local electrical-utility grid. The CHP plant may have a redundant fuel source connection to reduce unavailability of fuel for the CHP and increase the uptime of the data center. The CHP plant may include turbines and engines to manage variable loads within the data center. The power plant may include multiple distributions busses in high-availability configurations to provide highly-reliable and high-quality electricity to the data center. The positioning of these elements in the power plant design provides economies of scale and eliminates single points of failure commonly found in data center configurations, increasing the reliability of the data center.

id-US20140033716A1    abstract-In one embodiment, a steam turbine plant includes a first turbine driven by steam from a boiler, a second turbine driven by steam from a reheater, a third turbine driven by the steam exhausted from the second turbine, and a carbon dioxide capturing system including a reboiler to heat an absorbing liquid with the steam exhausted or extracted from the second turbine. The plant further includes a steam pipe to feed the steam exhausted from the second turbine to the third turbine, and a first steam extraction pipe to send the steam exhausted or extracted from the second turbine to the reboiler. The plant further includes a pressure detector to detect a pressure of the steam flowing through the steam pipe or the first steam extraction pipe, a pressure adjustment valve provided on the steam pipe, and a controller to control the valve based on the detected pressure.

id-EP2877258B1    abstract-

id-EP2700790A1    abstract-The device consists of a first clutch (1), using the first clutch (19), installing the second clutch (20), and closing the lower pressure assembly (11).
id-WO2014029933A1    abstract-A device for cogeneration of electricity and domestic heating capable of extracting thermal energy from a biomass boiler, said biomass boiler comprising: a heater, a chamber in contact with the heater, substantially tubular cavities arranged near the outer periphery of the enclosure, and said device comprising: A first heat exchanger forming an evaporator capable of being inserted into the chamber of said biomass boiler, an electricity generator capable of producing electricity from a motor thermodynamic cycle, the said electricity generator being connected to the said evaporator, A first closed fluid circuit conveying a fluid from said evaporator to the inlet of said electricity generator and said fluid from said electricity generator to the inlet of said evaporator; A second heat exchanger, in contact with said substantially tubular cavities, situated on the outer periphery of the chamber of said biomass boiler, a second fluid circuit, forming a domestic heating circuit, said second heat exchanger being connected to said domestic heating circuit; The evaporator having, opposite the heater, a surface for capturing heat radiation, and having, on the outer periphery of said evaporator, a thermally insulating layer, said evaporator forming a thermal shield between the radiation from the heater and the walls of the enclosure, said surface including a tubing describing a path of circulation of said fluid.
id-US9726441B2    abstract-A cogeneration power plant and a method for operating a cogeneration power plant are provided, with a working medium being additionally cooled by a suitable heat pump between an outlet of a thermal heating device and an inlet of a power generator of the cogeneration process. The thermal power obtained in this manner is again available for heating purposes within the heat cycle.

id-US9027846B2    abstract-In order to solve the numerous problems with existing steam, vacuum, and hot water heating systems, presented are novel systems and methods of vapor vacuum heating having several improvements over the prior art, including: condensate return which can operate without steam traps; naturally-induced vacuum; improved vacuum pump operation for sustaining vacuum in such systems; liquid lift apparatus for use with such systems; and other improvements. All innovations presented herein make vapor vacuum heating more efficient and economical for industrial, commercial, and home applications. A field test conducted with these innovations show results of about 26-50% reduced energy usage, implying significant energy savings from the use of the present invention over current heating systems.

id-WO2014038948A1    abstract-A heat-exchanging device for a primary heat source (11) is described, which is arranged to deliver heat energy (Q) at a first temperature via at least one primary heat exchanger (111) to a heat distribution network (15), in which least one secondary heat exchanger (121) is thermally connected to the at least one primary heat source (11) and is arranged to deliver heat energy (Q H ) at a second temperature to an energy converter (13), the second temperature being higher than the first temperature. A method of operating a combined heat and power plant (1) by the use of said heat-exchanging device is described as well.

id-EP2725207A1    abstract-About the invention of a power plant (1), aufweisend and brenntechnischem Abgas businessman abgebende Verbrennungseinrichtung(2), Synthesegas for production Dampfreformer (10) (61) through the reform for the first time as a kohlenwasserstoffhaltigen Brennstoffs (60) and water (70), at the same time Verbrennungseinrichtung Dampfreformer(10) and (2) so warmetechnische verschaltet was in the enterprise brenntechnischem Dampfreformer Verbrennungseinrichtung(2)(10) Enthusiastic Abgas Verbrennungseinrichtung can feed (2) while continuing to be composed of Gasspeicher(20), which fluidtechnisch Dampfreformer(10) is Zwischenspeicherung Synthesegases verschaltet. (61)
