id-WO2019166160A1    abstract-Invention relates to the attachment (1) give full play to the Entnahmekondensationsturbine (2) with Dampfentnahme (3) and Dampfentnahme abzweigenden (3) Dampfleitung(4) in a Fernwarmenetzes Heizkondensator(5),(6) ordered the Dampfleitung amount (4) to also device (7) to Vorwarmen and vaporize Arbeitsmediums an Organic Rankine Cycles(8) parallel to Heizkondensator Fernwarmenetzes (5)(6) is. The invention also relates to the operation of a plant (1) with a complete set of spurious charging devices (2) and steam extraction (3).
id-WO2019184927A1    abstract-A waste heat collection and utilization system for an underground neutron energy power station comprises a waste heat utilization loop (1) of a main power generation system and a waste heat collection and utilization loop (2) of a shielding structure. The waste heat collection and utilization loop (1) of the main power generation system has a first heat exchanger (11) connected with the power generation system (7) of the underground neutron power station, and the first heat exchanger (11) is connected with the first heat sink (4), and the power generation system (7) is connected with the energy generation system (5) of the underground neutron power station. The waste heat collection and utilization loop (2) of the shield structure has a heat exchange tube (21), a second heat exchanger (22) and a second heat sink (4) successively connected, and the heat exchange tube (21) is arranged on the peripheral side of the energy generation system (5). The waste heat collection and utilization system can improve energy efficiency and promote the safe operation of nuclear facilities.
id-WO2019178459A1    abstract-A turbine with a supersonic separator disposed upstream of the turbine. The supersonic separator imparts a swirl on a vapor stream to remove any heavier components. A superheated vapor stream from the supersonic separator is passed through the turbine to reduce the pressure of the vapor stream. At the same time, electricity is generated by the superheated vapor stream via a turbine wheel. The turbine and the supersonic separator can be integrally formed, or they can be discrete components.

id-US20180257950A1    abstract-This invention describes an affordable process for obtaining salable products of salt, distilled water and electrical energy from a saline water supply without harm to the environment, using components consistent with current technology and a currently available energy source. Alternatively, the water produced can be used to desalinate a saline lake instead of being marketed.

id-US20200149433A1    abstract-The present application relates to an exhaust steam waste heat recovering and supplying system used for air-cooling units in large thermal power plants. Each of the two steam turbines has independent exhaust steam extraction system, and the exhaust steam extraction system of each steam turbine is connected with corresponding pre-condenser to heat the return water of the heating network. The exhaust steam extraction system of each steam turbine is further connected with the corresponding steam ejector; the exhaust port of each steam is connected with the corresponding steam ejector condenser to heat the return water of the heating network. The exhaust steam waste heat of the air-cooling units in a thermal power plant can be recycled in high efficiency to improve the utility rate of the exhaust steam, increase heating capacity, reduce cold end loss to the largest extent, and maximize the energy saving benefits.

id-US20210079823A1    abstract-A plant according to an embodiment includes a gas turbine; a heat recovery unit that includes a primary heat recovery steam generator in which a primary heat exchanging unit generates primary steam by exchanging heat that is the thermal energy of the flue gas from the gas turbine, and a secondary heat recovery steam generator that is installed independently from the primary heat exchanging unit, and in which a secondary heat exchanging unit generates secondary steam by exchanging heat that is the thermal energy of the flue gas partly having exchanged heat in the primary heat exchanging unit included in the primary heat recovery steam generator; a primary steam turbine; a CO2 recovery unit; and a first reboiler heat supply line.

id-JP2021529285A    abstract-Process unit describes the process for recovering power from the waste heat steam generation system. The power recovery turbine reduces the pressure of the flow of superheated steam to a pressure lower than that required by steam reboilers for use in other process units or equipment in the plant. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2019238905A1    abstract-The invention relates to a Betriebsverfahren Kraft-Warme-Kopplungssystem, Abverbrauchereinheit(50 years old) and Kraftwerkseinheit:(1) With Abverbrauchereinheit thermoelectric - 27.5%(50 years old), while the Betriebsverfahren steam Warmeubertragungsmediums supplied or manufactured a turbine Kraftwerkseinheit(20)(100) would be used to generate electricity driven at least partly by steam water Dampfes for Ab verbrauchereinheit Heat treatment (50) compulsory education Warmemenge Dampfes infect Abverbrauchereinheit(50) directly or indirectly through a Warmetauschereinheit (40 years old), a prospect of changing hands with Warmemenge Dampfes took part in the helmet-side Turbinenaustritt(22).
id-WO2020011187A1    abstract-An energy conversion device comprises a rotary device rotating around its center, a ring air box assembly (2) arranged along the circumference of the rotary device, a conveying device (3) for conveying gas, and an intake air conveying switch (5) for controlling the on-off of the conveying device (3); The intake air transfer switch (5) is arranged on the rotary device; The gas box assembly (2) is separated by a spacer (23) into a plurality of non-communicating gas boxes (2); The gas box (2) comprises a high pressure gas box (21) and a low pressure gas box (22), and the high pressure gas box (21) is arranged on at least one side of the wall of the low pressure gas box (22); The outlet end of the conveying device (3) is located in the lower part of the energy conversion device and can introduce air into the air box (2), and the rotating device is at least partially immersed in the buoyant medium, the density of the buoyant medium is greater than the density of air.
id-US10947900B2    abstract-Inlet air heating systems for combined cycle power plants and combined cycle power plants including inlet air heating systems are disclosed. The inlet air heating systems may include a plurality of heating coil assemblies partially positioned within an inlet housing of a gas turbine system, and a vent valve in fluid communication with each of the heating coils. The inlet air heating system may also include a supply line in fluid communication with the heating coils to provide water to the heating coils, and a hot water line in fluid communication with the supply line and a component positioned downstream of a condenser of the combined cycle power plant. The hot water line may provide hot water from the combined cycle power plant to the supply line. Additionally, the inlet air heating system may include a drain line in fluid communication with the heating coils and the condenser.

