id-US11352950B2    abstract-An energy storage-combined cooling, heating and power (S-CCHP) system for a building receives energy from a source, for example an intermittent source, and stores the energy in first and second high temperature energy storage (HTES) units. A Brayton cycle using the first HTES unit produces hot and pressurized air that is further heated in the second HTES unit. The heated air drives a turbine to generate electricity for the building. A portion of the compressed air from the Brayton cycle is diverted to a hot water heat exchanger, then to another turbine to produce electricity to the building. The hot water heat exchanger heats water for the building and the other turbine exhaust cools water for building cooling. Heat exchangers are strategically placed to optimize the thermal efficiency of the cycle. In some embodiments the heat transfer fluid is humidified to improve thermal energy transfer properties.

id-EP3354865B1    abstract-

id-JP6876826B2    abstract-

id-WO2018151690A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a CHP (combined heat and power) system (1) for co-generation of heat and power from animal waste by organic Rankine Cycle comprising: a boiler (10) for combustion of animal waste, a vector fluid circuit (2), whereby the heat produced by said boiler (10) is transferred to an evaporator (20) of a work fluid circuit (3), said work fluid circuit (3) operating under organic Rankine Cycle principals, at least one induced draft fan (14) for removing flue gases of combustion from boiler (10), wherein said system (1) comprises a dryer (12) for drying of animal waste and a pelletizer (13) for homogenization of said dried animal waste wherein said dryer (12) and said pelletizer (13) are positioned in series on the path of animal waste feed and wherein said dryer (12) utilizes flue gases from boiler (10) removed by said at least one induced draft fan (14) for drying operations.

id-US20220096995A1    abstract-A carbon dioxide recovery system includes: a first heat exchanger that is disposed between a boiler and a desulfurization device, cools exhaust gas g flowing from the boiler to the desulfurization device, and heats a first heat medium w 1 ; and a carbon dioxide recovery device that, when supplied with heat of the first heat medium w 1 , separates and recovers carbon dioxide from an absorber having absorbed the carbon dioxide.

id-WO2019011360A1    abstract-Talk about inventing a Wasserstoff-DAMPFF-Kraft-Werk aufweisend Primareinheit () and a Sekundareinheit (2) simultaneously Primareinheit (1) a separator over Verbrennungsluftleitung(3), (4) a Wasserstoffleitung(5) a Bre nnkammer(6), there is also the primary Abgasleistung (7) Abgasturbine(8)(9), and a primary generator. Simultaneously Sekundareinheit (2) a Dampfturbinenkreislauf(10) and chemical Wasserstofftragereinheit (11). Simultaneously Dampfturbinenkreislauf(10) has two Abgasleitung(12) and one Dampfdruckleitung Dampferzeuger(13), (14), a Sekundargenerator is really Dampfturbine (15) (16) Abdampfleitung(17), a Kondensator(18) and a Kondensatleitung(19 years old) have symptoms for making chemical Wasserstofftragereinheit (11) a Dehydrator Wasserstofftragertank (20)(21), and a Warmeubertrager (22). Simultaneously in Wasserstofftragertank (20) a hydrierter Wasserstofftrager aufnehmbar is a Wasserstofftragerlertung (23 years old), while combining with Dehydrator(21) through Wasserstofftragertank (20), hydrating Wasserstofftrager Dehydrator zufuhrbar (21) behaves simultaneously through Warmeubertragers (22) as though the energy is transferable through Abdampfes Dehydrator (21) and Abdampfes through infrared energy Dehydrator(21) takes a tax through the hydrated Wasserstofftrager into a dehydrierten Wasserstofftrager umwandetbar which is simultaneously passed through the Wasserstoffleitung The Dehydrator (5),(21) associated with Brennkammer(6) is zufuhrbar Brennkammer hydrogen (6).
id-US11286174B2    abstract-The present invention provides a system for supplying heat by means of stratum coal in-place slurrying and a method for supplying power generation heat by means of stratum coal in-place slurrying, belonging to the technical field of ground-source well heat exchange. The system comprises a stratum coal slurrying device, a mid-deep well casing device and a heat exchange device. The stratum coal slurrying device comprises a water inlet pump and a coal slurry pump, which are connected to a directional slurry preparing drill through pipelines, respectively. The mid-deep well casing device comprises a vertically buried pipe, and a heat-insulating inner pipe that is coaxial with the vertically buried pipe and inserted into the vertically buried pipe. A microporous pipe assembly is arranged on the bottom of the heat-insulating inner pipe. An electric heater is arranged in the microporous pipe assembly, an annular cavity is formed between the vertically buried pipe and the heat-insulating inner pipe, and a power wire connected to the electric heater is arranged in the annular cavity. The coal slurry pump is connected to the annular cavity. The heat exchange device comprises a water outlet pipe that is inserted into the heat-insulating inner pipe and connected to the microporous pipe assembly. The present invention can directly combust the underground coal to generate heat energy to realize heat energy conversion, and the process is clean and harmless.

id-EP3473821B1    abstract-

