id-WO2010101017A1    abstract-[challenges] existing steam turbines are at risk of extinction of mankind by reducing the work rate to 1/36,000 of the platinum sphere work rate, and by reducing the power output to close to zero with half the stator blade, and increasing the sea surface temperature by 7 degrees. [solution] for example, the maximum working rate is 36,000 times higher than that of the existing steam turbine, and the maximum working rate is the same as that of the existing steam turbine. Heat compression heat recovery cold heat mass increase + infinite high pressure hot heat 50 + cold heat 28a divided preservation use, such as generators and ships drive natural phenomena in the process of speeding up human food, prevent the sea temperature rise by 7 degrees, prevent human extinction, solar In the thermal-gravity airplane drive, fuel injection burns to hot + cold heat from near the highest flight altitude of existing aircraft, ultra-high-pressure rocket injection, fuel cost in the atmosphere is zero, etc. Cycling conservation.
id-EP2345799A2    abstract-A waste heat recovery system (10) includes at least two integrated rankine cycle systems (12, 14) coupled to at least two separate heat sources (18, 38, 40, 42, 44, 64, 78) having different temperatures. The first rankine cycle system (12) is coupled to a first heat source (18) and configured to circulate a first working fluid. The second rankine cycle system (14) is coupled to at least one second heat source and configured to circulate a second working fluid. The first and second working fluid are circulatable in heat exchange relationship through a cascading heat exchange unit (34) for condensation of the first working fluid in the first rankine cycle system (12) and evaporation of the second working fluid in the second rankine cycle system (14). At least one bypass unit (24, 58, 59, 65, 72, 80, 88, 96, 102, 108) is configured to divert at least a portion of the first working fluid to bypass the first evaporator (16), the first expander (30), the cascaded heat exchange unit (34), or combinations thereof; at least a portion of the second working fluid to bypass the second expander (46), the cascaded heat exchange unit (34), or combinations thereof.
id-US11591241B2    abstract-A system and method for decontaminating a fluid and recovered vapor, particularly processing and recycling water used in an oil zone steam process, utilizing a vaporizer-desalination unit to separate a contaminated water flow into a contaminated disposal flow and a clean water vapor flow. The contaminated water flow is recovered after separation from a combined oil and water flow from an oil well. The clean water vapor flow is preferably passed through a steam generator to produce the steam used in the oil zone steam process. The steam is injected into the oil zone of a designated well and then extracted as the combined oil and water flow. Once primed with sufficient external water, the system and method is designed to operate continuously with minimal replenishment because of the water/vapor/steam cycle.
id-US11608278B2    abstract-A system and process for decontaminating a bio-contaminated wastewater fluid as from a slaughterhouse or similar facility. The system and process recovers purified vapor/steam through a decontamination unit having a plurality of alternating rotating trays and fixed baffles in a processing vessel producing separate purified and contaminant streams. One or more filter/strainer units are disposed in parallel before the decontamination unit, and may be used alternately while the other is cleaned. A rotating shaft connected to the rotating trays may also connected to an electrical generator to provide electricity for circuits and controls in the system.
id-US20120216540A1    abstract-The invention relates to a method for recovering heat by joining a plurality of heat flows of a fossil-fired, in particular carbon-fired, power plant ( 1 ), which downstream of the combustion comprises a CO 2  scrubbing station ( 58 ) for the flue gas by way of chemical absorption and/or desorption and associated CO 2  compression ( 27 ), which method aims to enable a CO 2  scrubbing station for the flue gas, with associated CO 2  compression, to be integrated into the total energy heat flow and/or the total heat energy balance of a fossil-fired, in particular carbon-fired, preferably conventional, power plant in a way that is advantageous in terms of heating technology. This is achieved by decoupling thermal energy from the heat flow of the CO 2  scrubbing station ( 58 ), with associated CO 2  compression, in the form of at least one partial heat flow (Q 8 , Q 9 , Q 10 , Q 11 ) and coupling it back into a heat flow that is coupled, directly or indirectly, to the heat flow of the boiler ( 2 ) or steam generator of the power plant ( 1 ), and/or by decoupling thermal energy from the flue gas heat flow (Q 3 ) in the form of a partial heat flow (Q 12 , Q 13 , Q 14 ) and coupling it back into the heat flow of the CO 2  scrubbing station ( 58 ) with associated CO 2  compression ( 27 ).
id-US8991179B2    abstract-The invention relates to a drive unit, in particular for a vehicle drive, comprising a drive machine generating driving power, a cooling system for the fluid cooling of the drive machine and/or a component of the drive unit which is supplied at least indirectly with driving power by the drive machine, wherein in the cooling system a coolant circulates; a lubricating circuit for the lubrication of at least one movable component of the drive unit with a lubricant.      The invention is characterized in that the drive unit further comprises an accumulation reservoir, in which a comprehensive operating fluid, which comprises a mixture of an ionic fluid and a vaporizable fluid, is stockpiled, wherein the cooling system and the lubricating circuit are at least indirectly fluidically connected to the accumulation reservoir in order to extract lubricant and coolant from the comprehensive operating fluid.
id-US20110088397A1    abstract-The waste heat recovery system of an engine includes a Rankine cycle, a first bypass passage, a first valve and a control unit. The Rankine cycle allows a working fluid to circulate therethrough. The Rankine cycle has a first heat exchanger, a second heat exchanger, an expander and a condenser. The first heat exchanger exchange heat between the working fluid and the engine or a first intermediate medium exchanging heat with the engine. The first bypass passage allows the working fluid to pass therethrough. One end of the first bypass passage is located at an upstream side of the condenser and the other end is located at a downstream side of the condenser. The first valve opens and closes the first bypass passage. When temperature of the engine or the first intermediate medium is lower than a first predetermined value, the control unit opens the first valve.
id-US20130101873A1    abstract-A power generation systems with solid oxide fuel cell (SOFC) and heat recovery unit (HRU) and method are provided. In accordance with one embodiment of the disclosure, a power generation system includes a partial oxidation (POX) reactor, an array of one or more fuel cell stacks and an HRU. The POX reactor is operable to generate a hydrogen rich gas from a fuel. The array of one or more fuel cell stacks includes at least one SOFC and is coupled to the POX reactor. The fuel cell stacks are operable to generate electrical power and heat from an electro-chemical reaction of the hydrogen rich gas and oxygen from an oxygen source. The HRU is coupled to the array of fuel cell stacks and operable to generate electrical power from the heat.
