id-EP2518283A2    abstract-An expansion system is presented. including a pump (106) configured to pressurize a condensed working fluid received from a condenser (108). The expansion system further includes a heat exchanger coupled to the pump and configured to vaporize the condensed working fluid received from the pump. The expansion system also includes an expander (112) coupled to the heat exchanger and configured to expand the vaporized working fluid flowing from an inlet side of the expander to an outlet side of the expander. In addition, the expansion system includes a generator (114) coupled to the expander (112) and configured to generate energy in response to the expansion of the vaporized working fluid. Further, the expansion system includes an integrated cooling unit (122) configured to convey at least a portion of the condensed working fluid from an inlet side of the generator (114) to an outlet side of the generator (114) to dissipate heat generated by the generator.
id-US9677414B2    abstract-A waste heat power generator (G 1 , G 2 ) that includes an evaporator ( 1 ) to produce steam of a working medium, a power-generating device to generate electric power while expanding the steam, a condenser ( 3 ) to condense the steam which has passed through the power-generating device ( 2 ), and a pump ( 5 ) to send the condensed working medium to the evaporator ( 1 ). The waste heat power generator (G 1 , G 2 ) may further include a valve device ( 6 ) to selectively supply a cooling medium used to cool the power-generating device ( 2 ) to the power-generating device ( 2 ), and a controller ( 7 ) to control the valve device ( 6 ) based on the temperature of the power-generating device ( 2 ).
id-US20140110945A1    abstract-The waste heat power generator (G) includes: an evaporator ( 1 ) configured to produce steam of a working medium; a power-generating device ( 2, 2   a,    2   b ) configured to generate electric power while expanding the steam; a condenser ( 3 ) configured to condense the steam which has passed through the power-generating device ( 2, 2   a,    2   b ); and a pump ( 5 ) configured to send the condensed working medium to the evaporator ( 1 ). A bottom portion (BT) of the power-generating device ( 2, 2   a,    2   b ) is provided with a discharge port ( 8 ) configured to discharge the working medium liquefied inside the power-generating device ( 2, 2   a,    2   b ), to the outside thereof. A discharge pipe ( 6 ) is provided in which one end thereof is connected to the discharge port ( 8 ) and the other end thereof is disposed in a channel for the working medium between the condenser ( 3 ) and the pump ( 5 ).
id-US20140305131A1    abstract-A method for feeding back exhaust gas from a gas turbine with a downstream waste heat boiler, wherein this exhaust gas is metered into the air inflow stream of a gas turbine, with the result that the temperature and the composition of the exhaust gas can be controlled, and in this way highly concentrated carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) is obtained which can be injected into a storage facility, so that the balance of the carbon dioxide for the entire process can be kept low or is negligible. The temperature in the gas turbine can be lowered and the proportion of carbon dioxide in the exhaust gas can be considerably increased. After combustion has taken place and heat has been exchanged, gas washing is possible, carbon dioxide can be recovered and, the proportion of free oxygen in the exhaust gas can be lowered.
id-WO2013045243A1    abstract-Invention involves Energiespeichervorrichtung: (1) run thermischer energy, using Ladekreislauf Arbeitsgas(3),(2) overall a Warmespeicher concentrator over there (4)(5)(6) and an Expansionsturbine concentrator over there (4)austrittsseitig with Expansionsturbine situation (6) The first service charge (7) is for the Arbeitsgas Warmespeicher (3) connection (5) in the (7) stop line. The Erfindungsgemaß Expansionsturbine concentrators on the other side (4) and (6) together (14) and the thermal energy is thus explained by the case of Warmespeichers (5), while the Expansionsturbine(6) Arbeitsgas(3) is comfortably incompatible The sexual Zustandsgroßen Arbeitsgases(3) entered the top ten of the beneficiators on that side (4) equivalent. Some of the heat is converted to thermal energy storage (5). After the gap (6) is opened, the gas (3) remains relatively warm.
id-WO2013046885A1    abstract-The Rankine cycle (31) consists of a refrigerant pump (32), a heat exchanger (36), an expander (37), and a condenser (38). The Rankine cycle (31) shares the condenser (38) and refrigerant with the refrigeration cycle of the air conditioner. The refrigerant passage connected to the outlet of the condenser (38) branches off at the refrigerant cycle junction (45) to connect to the refrigerant pump (32) and the refrigerant cycle evaporator (55). When operating the Rankine cycle, the compressor (52) of the refrigeration cycle is driven without the need to operate the air conditioner.
id-WO2013072183A2    abstract-In terms of the invention enterprise is an oil and gas Dampfturbinenanlage:(1) with a Gasturbine (2) Dampfturbine(3) and Abhitzedampferzeuger(8), but with Abgas Warmetausch Gasturbine(2) Dampfturbine generating steam (3) erzeugbar amount Frequenzstutzung single Dampfturbine offline in grid enterprises Schluckfahigkeit (3) enlarges and pressures Abhitzedampferzeuger(8) cope; For Speicherreserven in addition to Abhitzedampferzeuger(8), it is also possible to raise the Dampferzeugung by utilizing Abhitzedampferzeuger(8) so quickly that is to say the black hole of a Leistungsverlauf oil and gas D ampfturbinenanlage:(1) Continuous Dampfturbine expansion Schluckfahigkeit. (3) and Druckabsenkung Abhitzedampferzeuger(8) are greater than or equal to the previous operation directly under the existing performance line.
