id-EP2940257A1    abstract-A system (10) includes a cooling system. The cooling system includes a Rankine cycle (12) and an inductor (34) coupled to the cooling system. The inductor (34) generates heat when in operation. The Rankine cycle (12) circulates a working fluid (26) when in operation, and the working fluid (26) is configured to cool the inductor (34) and to facilitate absorbing heat generated by the inductor (34).
id-US20170122254A1    abstract-An internal combustion engine heat energy recovery system ( 1 ) comprises a first heat exchanger ( 20 ) arranged in heat communication with at least one heat energy source of an internal combustion engine ( 10 ) and with a working fluid of the system ( 1 ) for the transfer of heat energy from the heat energy source to the working fluid of the system ( 1 ). A turbine ( 30 ) is arranged in fluid communication with the working fluid heated in the first heat exchanger ( 20 ) for the expansion of the working fluid to produce shaft power. A second heat exchanger ( 40 ) is arranged in heat communication with the expanded working fluid to remove waste heat therefrom and transfer it to an external source such as the atmosphere. A first compressor ( 50 ) is arranged in fluid communication with the working fluid exiting the heat exchanger for increasing the pressure of the cooled working fluid prior to its entry into the first heat exchanger ( 20 ). The working fluid of the system is a substantially supercritical fluid.
id-US9714643B2    abstract-The boiling-water geothermal heat exchanger  1  is provided with a water injection pipe  2  which is installed underground and to which water is supplied from the ground and a steam extraction pipe  3  which is installed underground so as to be in contact with the water injection pipe  2  and has a plurality of ejection ports  5 , in which a pressure inside the steam extraction pipe  3  is reduced to the vicinity of a pressure required by a turbine  6 , high-pressure hot water which is produced by supplying heat from a geothermal region  4  to water inside the water injection pipe  2  is changed to a single-phase flow of steam inside the steam extraction pipe  3  present underground via the ejection ports  5 , and the single-phase flow of steam is extracted on the ground. And in the boiling-water geothermal heat exchanger  1 , a heat insulation portion is formed at a part which is in contact with a low-temperature region close to the ground surface, and the heat insulation portion is such that the level of water supplied to the water injection pipe  2  is lowered to form an air layer at an upper part of the water injection pipe  2.
id-WO2015194365A1    abstract-The company provides radiant heat recovery heaters that can improve heat exchange performance, as well as Stirling engines and incinerators using them. In the mounting part (11) of the heater, the mounting pitch circle of one channel (121) of the u-shaped heat transfer tube (12) is formed into a small diameter, and the mounting pitch circle of the other channel (122) is formed into a large diameter, which is formed into the mounting part (1) The radiant heat recovery heater (1) is housed in a container (13) fixed in 1), and the container (13) is exposed to high temperature, so that the radiant heat from the container (13) is absorbed by the u-shaped heat transfer tube (12), and the u-shaped heat recovery heater (1) is equipped with a u-shaped heat transfer tube (1). 2), one channel (121) and another channel (122) are configured in the mounting part at equal intervals at a pitch Angle (theta), and one channel (121) is configured as another channel (122) from the container (13) to the center (C) of the container (13). In order not to completely overlap with the projection surface (122a), the installation part (11) is configured at A predetermined Angle (A) that is offset from the pitch Angle (theta) of the other channel (122).
id-EP2955341A1    abstract-The equipment includes a first (1) nuclear power plant and a regulation procedure for a cooling pipe for a first (1) nuclear power plant. A nuclear power plant (1) energy power station (10) is provided with a generator (20) and a cooling system (30). In addition, the nuclear power station (1) is equipped with a switch (40) that can adjust the cooling performance, especially the power cooling efficiency (20). In addition, nuclear power plants are expected to be planned through nuclear power plant construction (1) Nuclear power plant utilization unit (50). The circuit (40) provides an interface (41) for the equipment (50) to handle the efficiency problem, i.e. the cooling system (30) determines the cooling efficiency from the power station section (1).
id-US10287927B2    abstract-A Rankine cycle system for a vehicle having a dual fluid circulation circuit includes a high temperature (HT) loop in which a HT working fluid is converted to steam by heat of exhaust gas discharged from an engine. The steam is condensed back into the liquid state of the HT working fluid. A Low Temperature (LT) loop in which a temperature of an LT working fluid converted to steam is increased so that power is generated while the LT working fluid cools the HT working fluid in the HT loop, and the steam is condensed back into the liquid state of the LT working fluid. An engine coolant circulation auxiliary line forming a circulation flow in which engine coolant heats the LT working fluid and is then returned to the engine after the engine coolant circulated in the engine is supplied to the LT loop.
id-US9562462B2    abstract-A powertrain waste heat recovery system includes a first powertrain component and a second powertrain component. The powertrain waste heat recovery system also includes a heat recovery circuit circulating a heat recovery fluid through a heat recovery heat exchanger. The heat recovery heat exchanger transfers heat from the first powertrain component to the heat recovery fluid during a powertrain propulsion mode and transfers heat from the second powertrain component to the heat recovery fluid during a powertrain retarding mode. The powertrain waste heat recovery system also includes a conversion device for converting thermal energy from the heat recovery fluid to an energy form other than thermal energy.
id-US10246650B2    abstract-The present invention provides a catalytic cracking fractionation and absorption-stabilization system, and energy saving method thereof; the present invention is to arrange a waste heat refrigerator of the main fractionating tower, a waste heat refrigerator of rich gas and a waste heat refrigerator of stabilizer in a catalytic cracking fractionation and absorption-stabilization system so as to utilize low temperature waste heat at the top of a main fractionating tower, rich gas, stable gasoline, intermediate heat exchange flow of an absorber of the system as a refrigerator driving heat source; in order to cool naphtha and circulating gasoline to a low temperature lower than 40° C., control low temperature operations of the absorber and reduce the heat load of a desorber and a stabilizer, and the heat extracted by the refrigerators is cooled by cooling water with a higher temperature so as to reduce the consumption of the cooling water. In addition, developed residual pressure generating units and waste heat generating units coordinate to convert medium and low pressure of the dry gas and low-grade waste heat of other products in the system into electric energy that can be conveyed into a grid, therefore the electricity consumption of a dry gas compressor can be supplemented, and the operation cost of the system is reduced to the minimum.
id-US20160138428A1    abstract-A system includes a heat recovery steam generator (HRSG) including a first pressure economizer, a first pressure evaporator that may receive a first portion of a feed water from the first pressure economizer at a first pressure, a re-heat section that may receive the first portion of the feed water from the first pressure economizer as a first steam flow, and a flash system including a first flash vessel that may receive a second portion of the feed water from the first pressure economizer and to generate a first flash steam flow. The system may combine the first flash steam flow with the first steam flow of the feed water at a second pressure less than the first pressure.
