id-WO2022191771A1    abstract-Disclosed herein is a cooling system comprising a first heat exchanger for receiving heat from a heat generating system, a second heat exchanger, a first closed-loop circuit for conveying heat from the first heat exchanger to the second heat exchanger, a storage system operable for providing natural gas to the second heat exchanger for receiving heat conveyed by the first closed-loop circuit to the second heat exchanger, and a gas engine for receiving the natural gas from and heated by the second heat exchanger and enabling generating of energy therefrom. The energy generated by the gas engine being at least one of heat energy and mechanical energy.
id-JP2022146033A    abstract-[problem] we provide a trilateral cycle system that simultaneously achieves cooling of the generator and recovery of exhaust heat from the generator by using a gas-liquid two-phase flow working fluid. In a lateral cycle system 10, where an expander 14 is driven by a gas-liquid two-phase flow working fluid supplied from heat exchanger 13 and a generator 16 connected to the expander 14, the generator 16 is set in heat exchanger 13. The device is arranged in the middle position of channel 19 where gas-liquid two-phase flow working fluid flows between expander 14, and cooling channel 21 for cooling generator 16 is part of channel 19. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2022213112A1    abstract-Systems and generating power in an organic Rankine cycle (ORC) operation to supply electrical power. In embodiments, an inlet temperature of a flow of gas from a source to an ORC unit may be determined. The source may connect to a main pipeline. The main pipeline may connect to a supply pipeline. The supply pipeline may connect to the ORC unit thereby to allow gas to flow from the source to the ORC unit. Heat from the flow of gas may cause the ORC unit to generate electrical power. The outlet temperature of the flow of the gas from the ORC unit to a return pipe may be determined. A bypass valve, positioned on a bypass pipeline connecting the supply pipeline to the return pipeline, may be adjusted to a position sufficient to maintain temperature of the flow of gas above a threshold based on the inlet and outlet temperature.
id-US20220399783A1    abstract-A vehicle may include an electromechanical energy recovery system and be configured to perform a method for its operation.
id-EP4140947A1    abstract-The present disclosure discloses a system ( 1 ) for producing nitric acid at reduced power consumption. The system comprises an air compressor ( 36 ) for compressing air, comprising an inlet ( 48 ) and an outlet ( 49 ), thereby producing a compressed air stream ( 34 ); a source of pressurised oxygen-rich gas ( 50 ) having a pressure higher than the pressure of the compressed air stream ( 34 ), in fluid communication with the compressed air stream ( 34 ), to provide in an oxygen-rich gas/compressed air stream mixture ( 56 ); a mixing apparatus ( 35 ) for mixing the oxygen-rich gas/compressed air stream mixture ( 56 ) with an ammonia gas stream ( 32 ), to provide in an ammonia/oxygen-enriched air mixture ( 14 ); an ammonia converter ( 37 ) for oxidising ammonia in the ammonia/oxygen-enriched air mixture ( 14 ), to provide in a NO x  gas/steam mixture ( 15 ), comprising water and nitric oxide; means for measuring the temperature in the ammonia converter ( 37 ); means for regulating the concentration of ammonia and of oxygen in the ammonia converter ( 37 ); a steam turbine ( 51 ) or an electric motor (not shown) and means for converting steam into electricity (not shown), for converting steam into power, in fluid communication with the ammonia converter ( 37 ) or the NO x /gas steam mixture ( 15 ); a water cooler/condenser ( 38 ) for separating and condensing steam from NO x  gas in the gaseous NO x  gas/steam mixture ( 15 ), thereby generating an aqueous diluted nitric acid mixture ( 17 ) and a gaseous NO x  stream ( 22 ); an absorption tower ( 41 ) downstream the water cooler/condenser ( 38 ), for absorbing NO x  gases in water, to provide in a stream of raw nitric acid-containing residual NO x  gas ( 27 ) and a tail gas ( 5 ) comprising NO x  gases, comprising an absorption tower tail gas outlet ( 6 ) for evacuating the tail gas ( 5 ); and a tail gas expander ( 7 ) for expanding the tail gas downstream of the absorption tower comprising a tail gas expander inlet ( 8 ) in fluid communication with the absorption tower tail gas outlet ( 6 ), and a tail gas expander outlet ( 9 ). The system is further characterised in that it further comprises means for splitting the tail gas ( 5 ) into a tail gas stream ( 5 ) directed to the tail gas expander inlet ( 8 ) and a tail gas stream ( 10 ) directed to means for pressurising ( 53 ) for pressurising the tail gas stream ( 10 ) to a pressure of about P1 in fluid communication with the compressed air stream ( 34 ), to provide in a pressurised tail gas stream ( 52 ) joining the compressed air stream ( 34 ); and means for adjusting the amount of tail gas ( 5 ) being splitted into the tail gas stream ( 5 ) directed to the tail gas expander inlet ( 8 ) and the tail gas stream ( 10 ) directed to means for pressurising ( 53 ). The present disclosure further relates to a method for producing nitric acid, in the system of the disclosure, at reduced power compression. The present disclosure further relates to the use of the system of the disclosure for producing nitric acid at reduced power consumption. Finally, the present disclosure relates to the revamping of a system for producing nitric acid into the system of the disclosure.
id-WO2023030468A1    abstract-An internal and external hybrid gas turbine comprises a gas turbine (1) and a steam generator (2). The exhaust end of the gas turbine is connected with the inlet end of the steam generator, and the outlet end of the steam generator is connected with the gas turbine; The gas turbine is a multi-rotor gas turbine, including a first rotor system and a second rotor system. The first rotor system comprises a first rotating shaft (100), a first motor (200), a first compressor (300), a first turbine (400) and a first combustion chamber (500); The second rotor system comprises a second rotating shaft (700), a second turbine (600) and a second motor (800); The exit steam from the steam generator is injected back into the gas turbine.
id-US20230109836A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a distributed energy source system utilizing waste heat deeply. The distributed energy source system utilizing waste heat deeply comprises a primary waste heat recycling module, a membrane distillation type seawater desalination module and a membrane type thermoosmosis power generation module. The distributed energy source system utilizing waste heat deeply provided by the present invention can recycle and deeply utilize waste heat and moisture in flue gas by means of the primary waste heat recycling module, the membrane distillation type seawater desalination module and the membrane type thermoosmosis power generation module to realize functions of seawater desalination and low-temperature power generation, has high energy utilization ratio and improves the waste heat utilization efficiency.
id-WO2023073660A1    abstract-The present invention provides a waste-heat recovery and power generation system for liquid-cooled data centres and computing centres, to capture and use their waste heat and use it to produce electricity, allowing the data centres and computing centres to self-supply a part of their electrical needs in a cost-effective manner. The system uses heat collected from the electronic components to heat and vaporize a working fluid; uses the vaporized working fluid(s) to power an expander; uses the expander to drive an electric generator; uses a condenser to condense the partially cooled vapour expelled from the expander; uses a pump to return the condensed working fluid to the evaporator system; and uses a control system to manage the valves of the heat-capture system and the expander, and to manage the generation system order to maximize efficiency and power quality.
