id-WO2019151938A1    abstract-A system for recovery of thermal energy from a first closed cooling loop (5) for cooling skid pipes (2) in a steel production facility (1), said first closed cooling loop (5) comprising a circulation fluid which receives thermal energy from said skid pipes (2), and a cooling source (6), wherein said system comprises: means (17) for measuring the temperature (T) in said first closed cooling loop (5), and a power conversion module (10) configured to work in a closed loop thermodynamic cycle and convert thermal energy into electricity, wherein said power conversion module (10) is arranged in the first closed cooling loop (5) in fluid communication with the cooling source (6); wherein the power conversion module (10) further comprises a flow control system arranged to control input of thermal energy into said power conversion module (10), wherein said flow control system is arranged to cut off said cooling source (6) from said first closed cooling loop (5) when a measured temperature (T) in said first closed cooling loop (5) is below a first predetermined threshold temperature (T START ), such that said circulation fluid is directed to a hot side of said power conversion module (10) only, to provide a thermal energy input into said power conversion module (10).
id-WO2019180553A1    abstract-A cooling system (1), and a related method, for devices which produce excess heat, allows an extraction of residual heat from the circulating fluids more effectively with respect to the conventional systems, so that the residual heat could be recovered and exploited, in case even to increase the overall effectiveness of the cooling system, and it comprises: a heat exchanger (2) with two cooling circuits (4, 5) and respective coolants with a negative enthalpy of mixing, means for circulating the refrigerant fluids; means (20) for mixing the coolants for the enthalpy exothermic release in the obtained mixture; and means (23) for extracting heat from said mixture, wherein the outlet temperatures (T2) from the exchanger (2) of the two coolants have a temperature difference lower than 5°C.
id-WO2019199688A1    abstract-Disclosed techniques include energy storage and management using pumping. An energy source is connected to a pump-turbine energy management system, wherein the pump-turbine energy management system includes a pump-energy storage subsystem. Energy from the energy source is stored in the pump-energy storage subsystem. One or more processors are used to calculate a valve-based flow control setting for recovering energy from the pump-energy storage subsystem. One or more valves in the pump-energy management system are energized, wherein the energizing enables energy recovery. Energy is recovered from the pump-energy storage subsystem using a pump-turbine recovery subsystem enabled by the one or more valves that were energized. Waste heat is recovered through a waste-heat recovery subsystem which includes water heat exchangers or a fluid spray. The water from the water heat exchangers can be used to make steam or ice.
id-JPWO2019198797A1    abstract-The binary power generation system is provided with a first heat medium line to discharge the first heat medium, a second heat medium line to discharge the second heat medium with a temperature higher than the first heat medium, a working medium line to circulate the working medium, a first heat medium line and a working medium line. At the same time, a preheater, a second heat medium line and a working medium line are arranged in the downstream side of the preheater and an evaporator and a working medium line are arranged to evaporate the working medium and generate the working medium steam. It is also located downstream and has a binary power generation unit with a generator that generates power using the working medium steam, one or more of the first heat storage units that store the waste heat generated at the first facility among the multiple facilities, and the generation at the second facility among the multiple facilities It has one or more secondary heat storage bodies that store waste heat.
id-WO2020005220A1    abstract-A gas turbine combined-cycle power plant can comprise a gas turbine engine, a heat recovery steam generator, a steam turbine, a fuel regasification system and a Rankine Cycle system. The gas turbine engine can comprise a compressor for generating compressed air, a combustor that can receive a fuel and the compressed air to produce combustion gas, and a turbine for receiving the combustion gas and generating exhaust gas. The heat recovery steam generator is configured to generate steam from water utilizing the exhaust gas. The steam turbine is configured to produce power from steam from the heat recovery steam generator. The fuel regasification system is configured to convert the fuel from a liquid to a gas before entering the combustor. The Organic Rankine Cycle system is configured to cool compressed air extracted from the compressor to cool the gas turbine engine, and heat liquid fuel entering the fuel regasification system.
id-WO2020014636A1    abstract-Systems, apparatus, and methods described herein can overcome some of the disadvantages associated with existing internal combustion engines. In particular, systems, apparatus, and methods described herein relate to improving the combustion process of internal combustion engines through insert technologies, engine modifications, control technologies, and/or other methodologies.
id-US10794369B1    abstract-A solar powered closed loop system and method for powering a cooling unit. The system and method provide a fully closed system that harnesses the power of the sun with a solar energy collecting device to generate vapor. The vapor has characteristics of high energy, expansion, and compressibility that enable travel through a plurality of conduits in the closed loop. The system generates vapor, carries the vapor and resultant gas, expands energy, and produces condensate through use of: a vapor expander, a compressor, a gas-liquid heat exchanger, an accumulator, an air-to-air heat exchanger, and a vapor condenser. Thus, through expansion, compression, and conversion different states of the vapor are controllably generated and disbursed for work. The work generated from the expansion and energy release from the vapors and gases produces work for powering the air-to-air heat exchanger, such as a cooling unit, and driving a load.
id-US20220146192A1    abstract-The systems and methods described herein integrate a supercritical fluid power generation system with a LNG production/NGL separation system. A heat exchanger thermally couples the supercritical fluid power generation system with the LNG production/NGL separation system. A relatively cool heat transfer medium, such as carbon dioxide, passes through the heat exchanger and cools a first portion of extracted natural gas. The relatively warm heat transfer medium returns to the supercritical fluid power generation system where a compressor and a thermal input device, such as a combustor, are used to increase the pressure and temperature of the heat transfer medium above its critical point to provide a supercritical heat transfer medium. A second portion of the extracted natural gas may be used as fuel for the thermal input device.
