id-WO2011144366A1    abstract-About the invention created a program to Warmeruckgewinnung Trockenpartie a machine to make a Faserstoffbahn (F), especially paper, cartons or Tissuebahn Faserstoffbahn (F) dry with at least dampfbeheizten Trockenzylinder (1) and at least one Hochtemperaturhaube (L1) and hot air balloon, and at least Trockenzylinder (1) is at least partly Frischdampf (D1) beaufschlagt relative to Kondensat/Dampfgemisch (K1) at least one Trockenzylinders:(1) Kondensatabscheider The passage of (A1), while vapor (D3) flows from Kondensatabscheider (A1) to Frischdampf (D1) or Frischdampf/Hochdruckdampfgemisch (D1,2), but there will be at least part of the Kondensats (K3) from at least one Trockenzylinder:(1) nachgeschalteten Kondensatabscheider (A1) is a thermal energy produced by (W1) in Abluftstrom Hochtemperaturhaube (L6) (L1) in which the condensate (k3.4%) in the discharge is heated, absorbs the energy of the air (L6), then relaits using a simplified component (DR1), and then at least partially evaporates. The erfindungsgemaße process is characterized by heat energy passed by (W1) through high temperature Kondensat (K * 3.4), at least partially Hochdrucuckdampf (D2) Dampfleitung or Dampfbehalter when relaxed through a druckreduzierendes element (DR1), thus becoming at least partially re-vaporized eingespeist pressure, whose pressure will be higher in at least one Trockenzylinder:(1) nachgeschalteten Kondensatabscheiders (A1). Registration also relates to a device for the implementation of a design method (100).
id-US9459005B2    abstract-A method for improving pulp mill steam cycle efficiency includes the steps of providing at least one deaerator tank having a first pressure, and lowering the pressure of said deaerator tank to a second pressure. Feedwater is supplied to a pre-economizer, where it is heated. The water is then delivered to at least one feedwater heater, where it is heated. The water is then delivered to an economizer. By this method boiler steam rate is increased while boiler efficiency is maintained and turbine extraction for deaerator and feedwater heating is minimized.

id-WO2012069301A1    abstract-The invention comprises a method for waterproofing, drying continuous paper (1) with urine-impregnating resin. These paper towels (1) are used to make furniture or to wipe the carpet under the feet, with the elimination of people who are considered inferior. This one is relatively expensive. Therefore, the purpose of this invention is to establish a high medical technology for the transport of medical urea that can be adapted to download the way. This will achieve temperature Trocknungszonen Papierbahn:(1) In each (3.1, 3.2, 3.3,3.4) alone will go ", for all Trocknungszonen(3.1, 3.2, 3.3,3.4) many and/or a temperature Umluft so solve the temperature maximum Papierbahn(1) The 99°C value and Trocknungszonen Abluft include the first (3.1, 3.2, 3.3,3.4) evacuation and the final air circulation of Trocknungszonen(3.1, 3.2, 3.3,3.4). Course of meeting
