id-US9816402B2    abstract-The present disclosure is directed to heat recovery systems that employ two or more organic Rankine cycle (ORC) units disposed in series. According to certain embodiments, each ORC unit includes an evaporator that heats an organic working fluid, a turbine generator set that expands the working fluid to generate electricity, a condenser that cools the working fluid, and a pump that returns the working fluid to the evaporator. The heating fluid is directed through each evaporator to heat the working fluid circulating within each ORC unit, and the cooling fluid is directed through each condenser to cool the working fluid circulating within each ORC unit. The heating fluid and the cooling fluid flow through the ORC units in series in the same or opposite directions.
id-EP2481895B1    abstract-
id-WO2012093310A3    abstract-Proposed is a heating system with multiple radiators which utilizes a cycling steam source. During the heating cycle, condensate is retained in the   radiators and released later through the   steam supply line. Such condensate and steam flows alternation on the same line eliminates water hammering and justifies the usage of smaller diameter tubes and a new radiator design. When air is evacuated, the   system operates like a branched heat pipe with periodic condensate return. The system may include a vacuum check valve on the air vent lines and an operational procedure to naturally create a vacuum through the condensation of steam in an enclosed space after the complete purging of air from the system. The steam/vapor source cut off pressure can be adjusted to regulate the vapor temperature depending on the outside temperature. The proposed method can be utilized for the conversion of existing steam heating systems into vapor/vacuum systems with a naturally induced vacuum.
id-AU2012214955A1    abstract-Method and apparatus for operating a combined heat and power system with greater flexibility, reliability, control and stability, for providing operational flexibility and energy efficiency in operating a combined heat and power plant which includes a backpressure steam engine that expands a high temperature heat source of a thermodynamic fluid to generate mechanical power and discharge its spent heat for a beneficial use comprises a vessel subsystem for the spent heat, said vessel subsystem including: at least one main indirect heat exchange device or vessel (7) in heat exchange communication between its primary space (10) and its secondary space (11). The present invention also discloses the use of a method and apparatus to operate a combined heat and power system.
id-US9677430B2    abstract-A combined cycle power plant with a gas and steam turbine system arranged on a single shaft and integrated with a cogeneration plant having a heat consumer such as a district heating system or industrial plant, including one or more steam extractions at an intermediate-pressure steam turbine that are arranged at the upper casing half-shell of the turbine and extraction steam lines that lead the extracted steam to heat exchangers of the cogeneration plant. The steam extraction outlets are arranged either singly at or near the uppermost point of the casing or in pairs to either side of the uppermost point of the casing. The specific arrangement of the extractions allows a floor-mounting of the single-shaft combined cycle power plant and as such a cost and space efficient realization of the power plant.
id-US8806870B2    abstract-According to one embodiment, a carbon-dioxide-recovery-type thermal power generation system includes an absorption column allows carbon dioxide contained in exhaust gas from a boiler to be absorbed in an absorption liquid, a regeneration column that discharges a carbon dioxide gas from the absorption liquid supplied from the absorption column, a reboiler that heats the absorption liquid discharged from the regeneration column and supplies steam generated, to the regeneration column, a condenser that generates condensate by cooling the steam exhausted from a turbine, a heater that heats the condensate, a water supply pump that supplies the condensate to the boiler, a line through the steam extracted from the turbine is supplied to the reboiler and the heater, and a steam flow rate adjusting unit. The steam flow rate adjusting unit maintains an amount of steam, which is extracted from the turbine through the line, to be constant.
id-CA2830559C    abstract-A cogeneration plant including an internal combustion engine connected to a generator and a boiler for recovering heat from the engine, and further including an engine jacket cooler and oil cooler. Stoicometric conditions are provided for reducing NOx emissions.
id-EP2505632A2    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren und eine Anlage zum Erzeugen von Brenngas und elektrischer Energie mit folgenden Schritten a) Erzeugen eines Produktgases in einer Biomassevergasungseinrichtung (1) aus holzartiger Biomasse, b) Umwandeln des Produktgases in einem Methanisierungsreaktor (3) in einem exothermen Methanisierungsprozess zu einem methanhaltigen Brenngas und c) Erzeugen eines mit Erdgas austauschbaren Gases (Bio-SNG), indem aus dem methanhaltigen Brenngas CO 2  entfernt wird. Erfindungsgemäß wird c) die Abwärme des exothermen Prozesses in dem Methanisierungsreaktor (3) in einem Gas- und Dampfturbinen-Kraftwerk (2) zur Zwischenüberhitzung von Wasserdampf genutzt, der eine Dampfturbine antreibt
id-US8572973B2    abstract-An apparatus and a method generate power and refrigeration from low-grade heat. The apparatus includes a heating module, a power generator module, an ejector, a heat exchanger, a condenser module, a low-temperature evaporator, a reservoir, a pressure pump and two direction controllable three-way valves. The heating module includes a heat source and a boiler. The power generator module includes an expansion turbine and a power generator. The condenser module includes a condenser and a cooling tower. The method is that the direction controllable three-way valves are operated to change the flow directions of the working fluid for executing a power generation and refrigeration mode, a power generation mode, a refrigeration mode or an idle mode.
id-DE102011016215A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein solarthermisches Hybrid-Kraftwerk. Es ist die Aufgabe gestellt, die Effektivität der Erzeugung von Strom und Wärme durch MHTR-Kraftwerke zu verbessern und umweltfreundlich zu gestalten. Die Aufgabe wird gelöst durch eine Kopplung einer Solarthermie-Anlage, bestehend aus einer Parabolrinnenanlage, einem Wärmespeicher und einem Dampferzeuger, mit einem MHTR-Kraftwerk, bestehend aus einem Reaktor, einer Gasturbine, einem Abhitzekessel und einer Dampfturbinenanlage.
id-US10125638B2    abstract-The present invention provides a method for operating a combined heat and power (CHP) plant comprising a heating boiler, a vaporizer, an expansion machine, and a condenser, achieved according to claim 1. The method comprises steps a), when a first condition is met: supplying a working medium to the vaporizer to obtain an at least partially evaporated working medium, feeding the (total) evaporated working medium to the expansion machine, and operating the expansion machine such that the working medium is expanded, supplying the working medium expanded by the expansion machine to the condenser, and transferring heat of the expanded working medium supplied to the condenser to a medium of a heating circuit designed to heat an object; and b) when a second condition is met which is different from the first condition: i) supplying at least a portion of the working medium to the condenser of the CHP plant without the portion of the working medium having been supplied to the expansion machine, and transferring heat of the working medium supplied to the condenser to a medium of a heating circuit designed to heat an object, and/or supplying a medium supplied from the heating boiler to the vaporizer to a heat transfer device in which heat is transferred from this medium to a medium of a heating circuit designed to heat an object.
id-WO2013002066A1    abstract-この廃熱発電装置（Ｇ１，Ｇ２）は、作動媒体の蒸気を生成する蒸発器（１）と、この蒸気を膨張させつつ発電を行う発電装置（２）と、この発電装置（２）を通過した蒸気を凝縮する凝縮器（３）と、凝縮された作動媒体を前記蒸発器（１）に向けて送出するポンプ（５）と、を備える。さらに、この廃熱発電装置（Ｇ１，Ｇ２）は、前記発電装置（２）を冷却する冷却媒体の前記発電装置（２）に対する供給又は供給停止を行う弁装置（６）と、前記発電装置（２）の温度に基づいて前記弁装置（６）を制御する制御装置（７）とを備える。
id-CN107913575A    abstract-用于使吸收剂溶液再生的系统包括由锅炉产生的蒸汽、流体连接到所述锅炉以便接收所述蒸汽的压力涡轮机组，其中所述压力涡轮机组包括高压涡轮机、中压涡轮机和低压涡轮机；和再生系统，所述再生系统包括与再沸器流体连通的用于使富化和/或半富化吸收剂溶液再生以形成贫化吸收剂溶液的再生器，所述再生系统流体连接到所述压力涡轮机组，其中来自所述低压涡轮机的蒸汽提供用于预热进料到所述再生器的所述富化或半富化吸收剂溶液的热源。本发明还公开了使用方法。
id-WO2013014685A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a thermal co-generation plant (1), within which, a fluid flows along a closed circuit, said plant comprising, in series, an evaporator (2), for heating said fluid, a valve (3), at the outlet of said evaporator (2), for adjusting pressure of fluid within said evaporator (2), a turbine (4),within which said fluid expands, generating electric power, a condenser (5), from which fluid exiting from said turbine (4) is entered into a closed circuit, hot water generation plant, a tank (6), for collecting cooled fluid from said hot water generation plant and to send the same to the evaporator (2), and a circulation pump (7), sending fluid at a liquid state, to said evaporator (2), said fluid having a boiling point of about 35°-40°.
id-RU2604746C2    abstract-Изобретение относится к способу удаления SO x  из топочных газов. Способ удаления SO x  из топочных газов из парового котла содержит следующие стадии: (a) нагрев топочного газа перед каталитическим реактором по ходу потока; (b) окисление SO 2     в топочном газе до SO 3     в каталитическом реакторе по меньшей мере с одним пропусканием катализатора, действующего при температурах в диапазоне 350-450°C; (c) охлаждение окисленного, обогащенного SO 3  топочного газа со стадии (b) до температуры выше точки росы H 2 SO 4     топочного газа; (d) дальнейшее охлаждение обогащенного SO 3     топочного газа со стадии (с) в охлаждаемом воздухом конденсаторе, посредством этого конденсируется SO 3     в виде H 2 SO 4  и производится горячий воздух и очищенный топочный газ; (e) извлечение конденсированной H 2 SO 4  из конденсатора. При этом температуру топочного газа на стадии (с) регулируют с помощью охлаждения топочного газа в теплообменнике посредством теплообмена с потоком воды под давлением выше 60 бар, и в котором температура воды под давлением на впуске теплообменника выше точки росы H 2 SO 4     газа. Изобретение позволяет упростить удаление SO x  из топочного газа. 8 з.п. ф-лы, 7 табл., 3 ил.
id-TW201337087A    abstract-本發明係關於一種控制電力系統之方法，其包括監控在供電網路上之負荷，監控自連接至供電網路之一或多個發電業者之電力產生，其中該一或多個發電業者中之至少一者係包含二氧化碳捕集系統之發電廠，及使用該一或多個發電業者之二氧化碳捕集系統作為響應在供電網路上之負荷之增大或來自連接至該供電網路之一或多個發電業者之電力產生之下降的備轉容量。
id-CN103121661B    abstract-提供了系统和方法，用于产生和使用脱碳燃料发电。特别是，提供集成的系统和方法，用于生成合成气，从合成气中除去二氧化碳，和使用合成气来发电。
id-EP2597275B1    abstract-
