id-US9724734B2    abstract-An improved hot water pressure washer utilizes a combination of technologies to achieve lower emission levels and increased operational efficiency. A forced air natural gas or forced air oil burner utilizes a flue gas and recirculation line to lower carbon monoxide and NOx emissions from a burner. A flue gas heat exchanger is utilized to lower the temperature of the exhaust gas. The lower exhaust gas temperatures allow for lower cost materials to be utilized. The efficiency levels of a hot water pressure washer are increased over known devices.
id-US20160215991A1    abstract-A humidifier assembly for capturing moisture from the furnace and releasing the moisture into an area includes a furnace. A housing is coupled to the furnace. An inlet is coupled to the housing. The inlet is coupled to a drain line on the furnace. Condensation from the furnace is directed into the housing. A filter is removably coupled to the housing. The filter captures the condensation from the furnace and converts the condensation into an evaporate. The evaporate is released into the furnace. An outlet is coupled to the housing. An overflow line is coupled to the outlet. Excess condensation is directed outwardly from the housing. A reservoir is coupled to the overflow line. The reservoir captures the excess condensation.
id-WO2016120590A1    abstract-Heat exchange apparatus (100) such as a condensing boiler may comprise a gas heating stage comprising a liquid source and an evaporator heat exchanger (135) configured to heat a first gas stream (e.g. boiler inlet air) flowing from a first gas inlet to a first gas outlet, the evaporator heat exchanger being configured to evaporate liquid from the liquid source (139) to add vapour to the first gas stream, and, a gas cooling stage comprising a condenser heat exchanger (235) configured to cool a second (e.g. different) gas stream(e.g. boiler exhaust gas) flowing from a second gas inlet to a second gas outlet, the condenser heat exchanger being configured to condense vapour present in the second gas stream, and preferably to direct condensed vapour into a or the liquid source (239). The evaporator heat exchanger (135) transfers thermal energy from the liquid source to the first gas stream. The condenser heat exchanger (235) transfers thermal energy from the second gas stream to the liquid source. In each heat exchanger, the liquid source may be a liquid stream that flows in counter-flow to the gas stream, and the same liquid stream may flow through both heat exchangers in an open or closed circuit (140, 142) such that such that the liquid stream acts as a heat (or heat and mass) transfer fluid between the two heat exchangers (135, 235). In this way, thermal energy may be transferred between the two respective gas streams by the same liquid stream. The apparatus thus acts as a gas-to-gas heat exchanger comprising a gas-to-liquid heat exchanger configured to cool a first gas stream and a further gas-to-liquid heat exchanger configured to heat a second gas stream. Each of the evaporator heat exchanger (135) and condenser heat exchanger (235) may comprise a porous structure such as an open-cell foam structure (130).The porous structure may be rotatably mounted and partially submerged in the liquid stream, which may flow in counter-flow to the gas stream above it. The structure may comprise an elongate porous structure rotatable about its lengthwise axis, the liquid and gas streams each flowing parallel with that axis such that the heat exchange process causes a temperature gradient to develop along the length of the porous structure. The porous structure may have an average effective pore diameter of at least 3mm,such large pores being resistant to blocking, such that an annular seal against the circumferential outer wall/perimeter of the porous structure is not required.
id-US20190154359A1    abstract-A domestic boiler preheater includes a flue box including a combustion gas inlet to receive hot combustion gas from a boiler, and a combustion air inlet to receive air for combustion in a boiler. The preheater includes a condenser including a mains cold water inlet and a mains water outlet arranged such that mains water flows through the condenser prior to being supplied to a boiler combustion chamber. The condenser includes a central heating water return and a central heating water flow outlet arranged such that central heating water flows through the condenser prior to being supplied to the boiler combustion chamber. The condenser includes connections that enable the condenser to be connected to preheated fluid supply pipework from a source of preheated fluid, the preheated fluid including fluid heated by heat from at least one of the combustion gas and a renewable energy source.
id-US10502452B2    abstract-A heat exchanger includes a lamellar structure of a plurality of parallel heat exchange elements with an intermediate air gap between each pair of adjacent heat exchange elements. Along a longitudinal direction of the lamellar structure the heat exchange elements is interconnected in a top portion of the lamellar structure that forms an inlet channel through the heat exchange elements and in a bottom portion of the lamellar structure that forms an outlet channel through the heat exchange elements.      The heat exchange elements form parallel channels between the inlet and the outlet channels.      In the outlet channel, the heat exchanger includes a filler body, that is filling up a lower level of the outlet channel and forms a floor along the longitudinal direction of the lamellar structure.
id-US9469976B1    abstract-An apparatus is provided for protecting from freezing an above-ground conduit outlet on an exterior wall of a building, the freeze protection apparatus comprising a housing including a top wall, a front wall, and a pair of opposed side walls interconnecting the top wall and the front wall. The housing partially defines an enclosed area having a rear aperture and a bottom aperture. Thermal insulating material lines the interior surface of the walls of the housing. Means are provided for mounting the housing to the exterior wall adjacent the conduit outlet. The inner edges of the side walls and the top wall contact the exterior wall and the bottom edges of the side walls and the front wall contact the ground for enclosing the conduit outlet. Heat is retained within the housing to prevent fluid within the conduit from freezing.
id-EP3076102A1    abstract-The present invention discloses a heat exchanger adapted for being used to heat domestic water and water for space heating. The heat exchanger includes a first passageway and a second passage way both disposed in the heat exchanger. The first passageway allows domestic water to pass therethrough and the second passageway allows water for space heating to pass therethrough. Wherein, one of the first and the second passageways is disposed in the other of the first and the second passageways. In this way, the heat exchanger has relatively simple structure and compact size.
id-US20160313049A1    abstract-A heating, ventilation, and/or air conditioning (HVAC) system may include a furnace having a cold header having a plurality of drain ports, and a condensate trap configured to attach to each of the plurality of drain ports, at least one of the drain ports having a plurality of mounting positions for the condensate trap, each mounting position corresponds to an orientation of the furnace in which the furnace can be installed.
id-WO2016170080A1    abstract-The present invention provides a boiler system, for example for use in heating a domestic hot water supply, and which is significantly more fuel efficient than existing boilers, the boiler system comprising a first reservoir and a second reservoir which together define a combustion enclosure, a storage tank positioned to define an upper wall or roof of the enclosure and being in fluid communication with the first water reservoir, a heat exchange tube located in the storage tank and being in fluid communication with the second water reservoir; and a burner arranged to directly heat atmospheric gases within the enclosure in order to indirectly heat the walls of the enclosure.
id-US20160334137A1    abstract-A condensing boiler, which comprises an outer enclosure, which defines a chamber for containing water to be heated and accommodates a combustion chamber which is connected to a plurality of heat exchange tubes which lead into a fume collection chamber which is connected to a fume evacuation stack; a condensing device for the fumes is arranged in the fume collection chamber; the stack has an intake which is arranged substantially coaxially to the fume collection chamber and the condensing device comprises at least one fume cooling element which has a substantially annular shape and is arranged substantially coaxially to the fume collection chamber.
id-US20170002731A1    abstract-Human used to get power from gas expansion in heat engine. Extraction of mechanic work from gaseous expansion is always low efficient, because circa 70% energy is hidden in the exhausted vapor in the form of latent heat and rejected or dumped out of cycle because the slow condensation may choke mass conservative looping. As liquid is hard to be compressed, power transmission can be reasonably assumed lossless, so harvesting mechanic power from liquid flow is high efficient. But historically it is rarely considered for how to form a powerful liquid flow in a typical gas-liquid dual-phase co-existed thermodynamic system, such as the most used Rankine-cycle heat engine. A new method or say Wei heat engine is invented that is based on a new defined Wei second class thermodynamic cycle. Such a new method converts thermal energy into high speed liquid flow during non-equilibrium condensation, though not too much efficient, as well as it jailbreaks the efficient limit of ideal Carnot cycle in an alternative way because the rejected heat is automatically reused to heat base liquid so as to reduce the consumption of heat source.      Based on the said liquid power heat engine, a series of modalities are disclosed, featuring a kaleidoscope of free energy, non-Stirling style external combustion, existing powerplant improving modification, immersed intra-cavitation combustion even with a variety of co-existing ammonia synthesis, and flue gas process with capture of combustion water vapor and carbon dioxide and NOx and sulfur dioxide.
id-US10488077B2    abstract-A furnace inducer elbow in accordance with one, non-limiting embodiment of the present disclosure includes a main body section having a first opening and a second opening arranged at a non-zero angle from the first opening, the main body section made of a first material; and, a sealing section integrally connected to the main body section at the first opening and at the second opening, the sealing section made of a second material different from the first material, wherein the second material is more flexible than the first material; wherein the sealing section includes an inlet aligned with the first opening and configured to seal to a flue vent connection member of an inducer fan assembly, and the sealing section further including an outlet aligned with the second opening and configured to seal to a flue vent.
id-US10001296B2    abstract-A condensate neutralizer having cap adapters is provided. The condensate neutralizer includes a captive pipe, a first cap adapter and a second cap adapter. Each of the cap adapters includes a base, a lock ring and a cap. The base includes a bottom portion secured to the captive pipe and a top portion forming a base opening. The lock ring forms a lock ring opening and releasably attaches to the top portion of the base. The cap includes a plate and an inlet protruding from the plate. The inlet is connectable to a pipe. The plate includes a diameter larger than the base opening and the lock ring opening and is disposed in between the base and the lock ring.
id-US20180224155A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a heat exchanger enhancing heat exchange efficiency between a heating medium and combustion heat of a burner, the heat exchanger being provided with a heat exchange unit having heating medium flow channels through which a heating medium flows and combustion gas flow channels through which combustion gas combusted in the burner flows to be alternately formed and adjacent to each other in spaces between a plurality of plates, wherein the heat exchange unit comprises: a sensible heat unit which surrounds the outer side of a combustion chamber, is formed of one side area of the plates, and heats the heating medium by using sensible heat of combustion gas generated by the combustion of the burner; and a latent heat unit which is formed of the other side area of the plates, and heats the heating medium by using latent heat of water vapor included in combustion gas that has finished undergoing heat exchange in the sensible heat unit, wherein the heating medium flow channels of the sensible heat unit have guide units formed thereon for inducing the heating medium to flow towards the center of the combustion chamber.
id-US10816239B2    abstract-The present invention relates to a heat exchanger enabling the reduction of the number of components constituting the heat exchanger, the simplification of the coupling structure thereof, and also, the decrease of combustion gas flow resistance and the minimization of noise and vibration generation, the heat exchanger being provided with a heat exchange unit having heating medium flow channels through which a heating medium flows and combustion gas flow channels through which combustion gas combusted in the burner flows to be alternately formed and adjacent to each other in spaces between a plurality of plates, wherein the heat exchange unit comprises: a sensible heat unit which surrounds the outer side of a combustion chamber, is formed of one side area of the plates, and heats the heating medium by using sensible heat of combustion gas generated by the combustion of the burner; and a latent heat unit which is formed of the other side area of the plates, and heats the heating medium by using latent heat of water vapor included in combustion gas that has finished undergoing heat exchange in the sensible heat unit, wherein bent flange units are formed on the edges of the plurality of plates, and in a state where the flange units of neighboring plates overlap, certain areas among the edges of the plurality of plates have formed thereon combustion gas pass-through units having combustion gas flowing through the combustion gas flow channels pass therethrough.
id-US10641522B2    abstract-The present invention relates to a heat exchanger having a simplified assembly structure as well as a simplified structure for heat-insulating a combustion chamber, the heat exchanger being provided with a heat exchange unit having heating medium flow channels through which a heating medium flows and combustion gas flow channels through which combustion gas combusted in the burner flows to be alternately formed and adjacent to each other in spaces between a plurality of plates, wherein the heat exchange unit comprises: a sensible heat unit which surrounds the outer side of a combustion chamber, is formed of one side area of the plates, and heats the heating medium by using sensible heat of combustion gas generated by the combustion of the burner; and a latent heat unit which is formed of the other side area of the plates, and heats the heating medium by using latent heat of water vapor included in combustion gas that has finished undergoing heat exchange in the sensible heat unit, wherein the rear of the sensible heat unit has provided thereon connection flow channels of the heating medium so that the heating medium that passed through the heating medium flow channels of the latent heat unit can flow to the heating medium flow channels of the sensible heat unit, and the rear of the sensible heat unit also has a water housing cooling unit formed thereon for heat-insulating the combustion chamber.
id-WO2017018253A1    abstract-The latent heat recovery device of the exhaust gas is installed inside a duct that circulates the exhaust gas, and the heat transfer tube is provided with a water supply inlet for the latent heat recovery of the exhaust gas, a water supply outlet for the heated water, and the heated water supply inlet. The water supply control unit controls the supply of the heated water from the water supply inlet in a way that the outlet temperature, which is the temperature of the heated water at the water supply outlet, becomes the set temperature.
id-JP2017026280A    abstract-[problem] to provide hot water supply equipment that can reliably determine clogging of scale by measuring the temperature of flue gas from which sensible heat is recovered. The hot water supply device is equipped with a fin-and-tube heat exchanger for heating the water with combustion gas. The temperature detection device is used to detect the exhaust temperature after the heat exchange in the heat exchanger, and the temperature detection device is used to inspect the exhaust temperature. When the known detection temperature reaches above the set temperature, it is determined that a scale is accumulated in the heat transfer tube of the heat exchanger. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-EP3343127A1    abstract-A heat exchanger according to the present invention comprises a heat exchange portion in which heating water flow paths where heating water flows through a space between a plurality of plates, hot water flow paths through which hot water flows, and combustion gas flow paths are adjacently and alternatingly formed, wherein the heat exchange portion comprises: a heating sensible heat portion, which surrounds the outside of a combustion chamber and comprises an area on one side of the plates, for heating the heating water using the sensible heat of the combustion gas generated by combustion of the burner; a heating latent heat portion, which comprises a partial area on the other side of the plates, for heating the heating water using the latent heat of water vapors in the combustion gas which has completed heat exchanging in the heating sensible heat portion; and a hot water latent heat portion, which comprises the remaining area on the other side of the plates, for heating direct water using the latent heat of water vapors in the combustion gas which has passed through the heating latent heat portion.
id-US10690379B2    abstract-A heat exchanger according to the present invention comprises a heat exchange portion in which heating medium flow paths, where a heating medium flows through a space between a plurality of plates, and combustion gas flow paths through which a combustion gas combusted in a burner flows are adjacently and alternatingly formed, wherein the heat exchange portion comprises a sensible heat portion, which surrounds the outside of a combustion chamber and comprises an area on one side of the plates, for heating the heating medium using the sensible heat of the combustion gas generated by combustion of the burner, and a latent heat portion, which comprises an area on the other side of the plates, for heating the heating medium using the latent heat of water vapors in the combustion gas which has completed heat exchanging in the sensible heat portion, wherein a connection passage for the heating medium is formed between the sensible heat portion and the latent heat portion, the plates are formed in a vertical structure so that the sensible heat portion is positioned on the top part and the latent heat portion is positioned on the bottom part, and wherein the burner has a cylindrical shape and is assembled by being inserted laterally from the front surface of a space in the combustion chamber.
id-US20180245800A1    abstract-The invention relates to a method and apparatus for low temperature waste heat utilization. In the scope of the hot water plant (HWP) there are few low temperature sources, which cannot be used by heat consumer (HC) directly. The method and apparatus for hot water power plant (HWP) waste heat recovery comprises at least one, preferably condensing type heat exchanger (HE), which collects the waste heat for water source high temperature heat pump (HP) employment, wherein a low temperature heat is upgraded to a high temperature heat, hence heat pump (HP) hot water outlet is fed to the boiler in a return line or in a supply line of hot water plant (HWP), wherein the thermal energy balance adjustment of generated heat is executed by adapting the power of said heat pump (HP) and/or by adapting the power of said furnace and/or by adapting the mass flow of the primary heat transfer medium in at least one open loop heating network and/or in at least one closed loop heating circuit in the scope of heat distribution network.
id-US20170082319A1    abstract-A hydronic space heating system including a buffer tank defining upper and lower chambers in fluid and thermal communication with one another, the upper and lower chambers being separated by a baffle having passages formed therein to allow fluid flow from the lower chamber to the upper chamber to facilitate heat transfer therebetween in a controlled manner, a heat pump associated with the lower chamber of the buffer tank and having an output for heating water in the lower chamber of the buffer tank to a temperature within a predefined temperature range, and an auxiliary heat source associated with the upper chamber of the buffer tank having an output for increasing the temperature of water in the upper chamber of the buffer tank to conditionally supplement the output of the heat pump.
id-US10281172B2    abstract-A liner fabrication tool includes a handle engaged to a first cam support and a second cam support where each of the cam supports has forward edge. An axle extends between the first cam support and the second cam support. A gripper is rotatably engaged to the axle between the first cam support and the second cam support. The gripper includes a first wall, a second wall, and a base extending between the first wall and the second wall, the base has an opening where the opening is positioned between and proximate to the forward edges. The opening receives a pin of a liner and insulation system where rotation of the handle in a forward direction applies leverage against the first cam support and the second cam support to bind the pin in the opening and compress the liner and insulation system immediately prior to welding.
id-EP3147586A1    abstract-Condensate collection and discharge unit comprising a fluid collection reservoir having a fluid inlet, and a fluid outlet opening and comprising a valve associated with the fluid outlet opening for preventing flue gases to be discharged from the outlet opening. The fluid collection reservoir is movable between at least one first position in which the fluid outlet opening is closed by the valve, and at least one second position in which the fluid outlet opening is disengaged from the valve so as to allow for the discharge of accumulated fluid from the fluid collection reservoir. A biasing member biases the fluid collection reservoir in the at least one first position. The biasing force may be overcome by a gravitational force generated by a predefined amount of fluid collected in the fluid collection reservoir, so as to move the fluid collection reservoir under gravity into the at least one second position.
id-US20210156592A1    abstract-Aspects of the invention relate to water heaters including a water storage tank having a top wall, a bottom wall, and a side wall extending between the top wall and the bottom wall; a combustion chamber extending below the bottom wall of the water storage tank and a heat exchanger configured to receive combustion gases and to transfer heat to water in the water storage tank. The heat exchanger includes a first pass flue extending through the water storage tank and a plurality of second pass flues coupled to receive combustion gases from the first pass flue. The second pass flues extending through the water storage tank and having a straight top portion, a curved bottom portion, and a longitudinal axis residing in a plane. The curved bottom portion of the second pass flues exits the water storage tank through at least one aperture defined in the side wall of the water storage tank.
id-WO2017073515A1    abstract-The burner body (1) and the fan case (2) are water heaters accommodated in the casing (100), and the burner body (1) is the burner body (12) with a flat burner (3) on the lower surface, and the burner body (12) with a flat burner (3) on the lower surface. The air intake part (11) has an air intake port (10) connected to the fan shell (2), and the fan installation surface (13) with the air intake port (10) open in the front or in the front when facing the front It is designed to face diagonally forward.
id-US20190078772A1    abstract-Aspects of the invention provide a heat exchanger including a shell at least partially defining an interior region; a burner positioned to deliver combustion gases into the interior region; and a plurality of tubes configured to circulate water therein, the plurality of tubes extending through the interior region. The plurality of tubes further including an inner set of tubes and an outer set of tubes, the inner set of tubes being closer to the burner than the outer set of tubes. The inner set of tubes and the outer set of tubes being positioned adjacent to one another such that the outer set of tubes is staggered from the inner set of tubes and tubes of the outer set of tubes are adjacent to tubes of the inner set of tubes. Additionally, baffle segments are annularly positioned in the interior region adjacent the plurality of tubes. Adjacent baffle segments defining gaps for the flow of the combustion gases.
id-US10408470B2    abstract-A system and method is described for a heater box or compartment within a gas furnace or other HVAC cabinet. The compartment can house drain hoses, drain traps, and other components used to collect and dispose of condensate. The compartment can comprise heating elements or thermostatic switches to assist in preventing the freezing of condensate.
id-EP3168549A1    abstract-The invention relates to a thermal apparatus which operates a number of driving engines (1) and a secondary heat engine (2), both of which are connected with a common cooling apparatus (3). Also related to the invention of the enterprise is an incinerator, Primarwarmeerzeuger :(1) when necessary a Sekundarwarmeerzeuger (2) for the operation of the Warmeanforderung, while two Warmeerzeuger Abgas(1, 2) Common Abgasabfuhreinrichtung(3) will be in the pay-off. According to the invention, a second heat source (2) can be used to detect possible emissions from the primary heat source (1) and transported to the secondary heat source (2) by an emission device (3) and a flowing exhaust gas discharge device (4). When the program is invented after the idea, it is not turning befindlichem Sekundarwarmeerzeuger (2) uses Durchsatzmesseinrichtung(4) water to reach Primarwarmeerzeuger (1) food, even if Abgas from Abgasabfuhreinrichtung (3) detektieren Sekundarwarmeerzeuger (2).
id-WO2017089869A1    abstract-The purpose of the invention is to improve the efficiency of stoves, boilers, burners, fireplaces and internal combustion engines regarding heat recovery, and by doing so, clean the exhaust fumes. Complicated processes exist in industry but there is nothing simple for domestic use or applications requiring a temperature lower than 100°C. The invention is to accomplish, in only one step, the heat recovery and smoke cleaning. The one step wet scrubber can reduce the heat source temperature from 2000°C to less then 30°C, according to the application. As regulations evolve and global warming increases, solutions should be found at a reasonable cost. As the solution is simple, the cost is low and so the technology can be widely spread. The heat exchanger washing tower works by condensing most of the water of the exhaust fumes, allowing the system no necessity for water addition during the operation and the possibility to get an efficiency close to 100% (HHV) for a heating application. To give an example, such a technique allows the recovery of heat from a biomass burner with an efficiency of around 106% (Lower Heating Value, LHV, commonly used in Europe) or near 96% (Higher Heating Value, HHV, commonly used in North America). The different norms regarding the recovery of latent heat from water condensation, explain the value gap. That efficiency should be compared to the usual 70% HHV efficiency of a standard wood appliance. By improving a stove or boiler's efficiency considerably, the invention also allows the smoke treatment, which is never done for domestic applications.
id-WO2017090594A1    abstract-A heat exchanger (10) comprises a front wall (20) and a back wall (30) to form a space (40) for a flue gas such that a fluid flowing through a channel (60, 70) formed in the front and back wall (20, 30) can exchange heat with the flue gas, in use. The front wall (20) includes a lower portion (22) and an upper portion (24). The lower portion (22) extends along the back wall (30). The upper portion (24) extends upwardly from the upper end of the lower portion (22) and extends outwardly away from the back wall (30) so as to form a combustion space (42) of a flammable gas between the upper portion (24) and the back wall (30). The length (L2) of the upper portion (24) along the longitudinal direction thereof is longer than the length (L1) of the lower portion (22) along the longitudinal direction thereof.
