id-US20150204580A1    abstract-A system for establishing a boiler fluid set point includes a plurality of input devices providing input values for a plurality of different portions of a heating system and a controller determining that during a period of time there was always at least one input value that deviated from a set point for the input value by more than a threshold amount and in response, the controller increasing the boiler fluid set point.
id-US20150204579A1    abstract-A secondary heat exchanger for use in a condensing gas-fired HVAC appliance including at least one conduit, including a non-circular transverse cross-sectional geometry. In one instance, the at least one conduit penetrates and is in contact with at least one plate fin. In another instance a fin is affixed to the at least one conduit.
id-WO2015112032A1    abstract-A fired heat exchanger module having at least one set of heat exchange elements, at least one fluid inlet stub pipe, and at least one fluid outlet stub pipe, characterised in that at its top there is a segment of the combustion chamber (2) encased in a segment of the water jacket (3) fitted with at least one fluid outlet stub pipe (4), wherein, connected to the segment of the combustion chamber (2) is at least one set (5) of the elements for the exchange of heat between the combustion gases and the fluid, at the bottom fitted with at least one fluid inlet stub pipe (6), where the chamber through which the fluid flows in each set (5) of heat exchange elements is connected to a segment of the water jacket (3). The module (1) connected to each other form a heat exchanger with a single combustion chamber, heated with a single burner.
id-US10473360B2    abstract-A fan includes: an impeller including a main plate having a first plane, a plurality of first blades each formed the first plane, and a shroud formed integrally with the plurality of first blades; a fan case; a drive source; and a rotation shaft. The first blades each include a linearly protruding region that is linearly increased in height from an outer circumferential side to an inner circumferential side, and a curvedly protruding region that is curvedly increased in height from the outer circumferential side to the inner circumferential side, the height extending in a direction in which each first blade protrudes. The linearly protruding region is welded to the main plate. Accordingly, a highly durable fan can be implemented that allows sufficient durability to be maintained even under a high temperature environment or an acid environment.
id-US20150241086A1    abstract-A water heater capable of cooling a fan by inflow of air while suppressing backflow of combustion gas is provided. A fan includes: a fan case having a back surface wall; an impeller having a first blade and a second blade and housed in the fan case; a drive source rotating the impeller; and a rotation shaft coupling the impeller and the drive source through a through hole provided in the back surface wall. A gap through which air outside the fan case is suctioned into the fan case is provided between the rotation shaft and the back surface wall. The second blade faces the back surface wall without another member interposed therebeween throughout a range from an inner circumferential side to an outer circumferential side of the second plane.
id-US10126014B2    abstract-A heat exchanger comprising a heat exchange unit in which heat is exchanged between combustion gas caused by a burner for combusting a mixture and first/second heating mediums, and heating medium flow channels through which the first/second heating mediums flow and a combustion gas flow channel through which the combustion gas flows are alternately formed adjacent to each other in spaces between a plurality of plates and a combustion gas discharge unit through which the combustion gas having passed through the heat exchange unit is discharged is provided.
id-US10605484B2    abstract-A latent-heat exchanger comprising an upper heat exchange unit in which a plurality of circulating-heating-water heat exchange units having a circulating-heating-water flow channel formed therein and a lower heat exchange unit disposed on the lower side of the upper heat exchange unit, in which a plurality of direct-water heat exchange units having a direct-water flow channel formed therein is provided.
id-US20210131701A1    abstract-A heat exchange cell includes a casing, a heat exchanger in which a first heat transfer fluid flows, a feeding zone, and first and second collection chambers for a second heat transfer fluid. The casing can include rear, front, and peripheral side walls. The heat exchanger can be helically-shaped, mounted in the casing, and include at least one tubular duct for the flow of the first heat transfer fluid. The tubular duct can be coiled about a longitudinal axis and define a helix. The feeding zone of the second heat transfer fluid can be defined in the casing coaxially and internally with respect to the helix. The first chamber can be defined externally with respect to the heat exchanger by a radially outer wall thereof and the peripheral side wall. The second chamber can be at least partially delimited by at least one separating element.
id-EP3128251A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a heat exchanger comprising: a burner for combusting a mixture of air and fuel; and a heat exchange unit in which heat is exchanged between combustion gas caused by the combustion of the burner and a heating medium, wherein the heat exchange unit includes a plurality of unit plates stacked on each other, and a sensible-heat exchange unit and a latent-heat exchange unit coaxially disposed around the burner are integrally formed with the unit plates.
id-US10088196B2    abstract-A heat exchanger comprising a mixture inflow unit into which a mixture of air and fuel is introduced, a burner for combusting the mixture introduced through the mixture inflow unit, a heat exchange unit that is disposed around the burner, and a combustion gas discharge unit for discharging the combustion gas having passed through the heat exchange unit is provided.
id-EP3128279A1    abstract-A heat exchanger of the present invention comprises: a mixture inflow unit into which a mixture of air and fuel is introduced; a burner for combusting the mixture introduced through the mixture inflow unit; a sensible-heat exchange unit that is disposed around the burner such that heat is exchanged between combustion gas caused by the combustion of the burner and a heating medium, and is constituted with a plurality of unit plates stacked on each other; a latent-heat exchange unit in which heat is exchanged between the combustion gas having passed through the sensible-heat exchange unit and a heating medium and which is constituted with a plurality of unit plates stacked on each other; and a combustion gas discharge unit for discharging the combustion gas having passed through the latent-heat exchange unit, wherein a heating medium passage, a combustion gas passage, and a combustion gas discharge passage that connects the combustion gas passage and the combustion gas discharge unit are formed in the interior of the stacked unit plates constituting the sensible-heat exchange unit, the heating medium passage and the combustion gas passage being alternately formed to be separated from and adjacent to each other, and a heating medium passage and a combustion gas passage are alternately formed to be separated from and adjacent to each other in the interior of the stacked unit plates constituting the latent-heat exchange unit.
id-EP2918923A1    abstract-The invention relates to a technique for deodorizing heating equipment (1). The method they invented was to determine the pressure (at the flow rate) and the flow rate (at the flow rate) with a degassing procedure. If the current digging exceeds this threshold or the digging starting point of the measurement
id-US20150308711A1    abstract-A hot water heater or similar heating device includes equipment for pre-cooling hot flue gas while preheating water for the water heater. It further includes a heat and mass exchanger for transferring heat and water from the pre-cooled flue gas to combustion air for the hot water heater. The pre-cooler may comprise a separate device or may be incorporated as part of a condensing water heater. The heat and mass exchanger may use membranes having condensing sides and evaporating sides, which allow water to pass from the condensing sides to the evaporating sides. It may further comprise troughs for wetting the membranes.
id-US20150354834A1    abstract-A condensing gas furnace having an inducer for drawing exhaust produced by a burner through an exhaust path and venting the exhaust from the furnace. A pressure sensor positioned within the exhaust path to determine if the inducer is creating a negative pressure in the exhaust path preventing accumulation of exhaust within the exhaust path. The inducer includes a supplemental sensor for monitoring rotation of a fan of the inducer. The burner is not ignited when both sensors fail to indicate proper venting of the exhaust path. The burner is operated for a predetermined period of time when only the supplemental sensor signals rotation of the fan to thaw any condensate on the supplemental sensor.
id-US9714775B2    abstract-Systems, tools, and methods are presented that enable a plurality of turbulators to enhance heat transfer within a heat exchanger of a heating, ventilating, and air conditioning (HVAC) system. The plurality of turbulators each include a ribbon member having a variable pattern formed over a length. In one instance, the variable pattern of the ribbon member includes a plurality of bends defining intervals of alternating pitch. The intervals progressively increase in dimension as the ribbon member is traversed over the length. In another embodiment, the intervals contain apertures whose area increases as the length is traversed. Other systems, tools and methods are presented.
id-JP2016017677A    abstract-[challenges] latent heat recovery type hot water supply with a drain discharge path with a water sealing mechanism that does not cause problems such as difficult discharge of combustion gas into the room or drain from the secondary heat exchanger even before the drain discharge path is sealed. Provide equipment. A fan that supplies air to the burner and discharging the combustion gas after passing through the heat exchanger to the outside of the hot water supply unit, and a heat exchanger that generates latent heat. The drain discharge path is connected to the heat exchanger to discharge the drain generated by the collection to the outside of the heat exchanger. The drain discharge path has a water sealing structure in which the drain is sealed by the drain. The water seal determination unit 203, which is allowed to operate in normal mode, and the control unit 200, which commands the burner to perform intermittent operations until the water seal determination unit performs the permission determination. Select diagram: figure 8
id-EP2966354A1    abstract-Method for operating a gas burner (10), wherein during burner-on phases a gas/air mixture having a defined mixing ratio of gas and air is provided to a burner chamber (11) of the gas burner (10) for combusting the gas/air mixture within the burner chamber (11), wherein the gas/air mixture is provided by mixing an air flow sucked in by a fan (14) with a gas flow, wherein the defined mixing ratio of the gas/air mixture is controlled by comparing an actual value of a signal provided by an electrical or electronic sensor (23) coupled to a gas duct (16) with a nominal value for the signal provided by the electrical or electronic sensor (23) and by generating a control variable for a gas valve (17) assigned to the gas duct (16) on basis of the control deviation between the actual value and the nominal value, wherein the actual value provided by the electrical or electronic sensor (23) corresponds to a pressure ratio between the gas pressure in the gas duct (16) and the air pressure at a reference point (24), and wherein when during burner-on phases the fan (14) is operated with constant fan speed and when further while the fan (14) is operated with constant fan speed a defined change of the control variable for a gas valve (17) is detected which is required to keep the actual value of the signal provided by the electrical or electronic sensor (23) at the nominal value for the same, it is detected that a siphon (28) assigned to burner chamber (11) of the gas burner (10) is blown empty.
id-US9810450B2    abstract-A water heater includes a burner generating combustion gas, a heat exchanger heating water which flows through the inside, through heat exchange with combustion gas generated in the burner, a fan supplying air to the burner, and a housing storing these components. The water heater has a water entry portion in a top plate of the housing. A water supply pipe for supplying water to the inside of the heat exchanger is connected to the water entry portion. The water entry portion is arranged to be included, in a plane view, in at least one component constituting the heat exchanger and an exhaust path for combustion gas which has passed through the heat exchanger. The component is made of a material having corrosion resistance against drainage water resulting from condensation of combustion gas.
id-WO2016010500A1    abstract-The combi boiler with heat exchanger of the present invention is mounted by two methods including O-ring and seam-welding. 1. The heat exchangers are interconnected by means of O-ring 5 gasket. 2. Two heat exchanger segments are welded from outer edges and combustion chamber edges, thereby forming a single water wall. O-ring gasket is put between each water wall segment and the number of segments is increased. Thus, combi boiler water walls and heat walls integrating with combustion chamber 10 are formed at desired values. Heat resistant O-rings provide water and gas tightness. On the other hand, water tightness is provided by seam-welding. O-ring is used for gas tightness in both methods. The heat exchanger plates are interconnected, thereby forming a water wall on one surface of the plates and heat wall on 15 the other surface. Bruner combustion chamber is formed after interconnecting the heat exchanger plates. The interconnection process is performed in such manner that heat exchanger plates placed between the heat exchanger rear integral cover and heat exchanger front integral cover are tightened with ball screw. 20 Combi boiler with heat exchanger is formed by connecting the heat exchangers. As the heat exchanger system is advanced and heat exchanger is extended, the calorific value is increased. Gas is formed by means of the combustion chamber in the middle of the heat exchanger. Thanks to the pressure applied to the heat 25 exchanger, surfaces directing the heat and water are formed. Walls are formed after the connection of the heat exchangers. Said walls consist of heat walls with one surface integrating with water and the other surface integrating with combustion chamber. Heat resistant O-rings which provide tightness of said water and heat 30 walls are used.
id-US20160025375A1    abstract-A water heater of a latent heat recovery type adapted to an exhaust suction system includes a drainage water discharge path. The drainage water discharge path includes a drainage water tank having a water-seal mechanism, and the drainage water tank has a first chamber and a second chamber communicating with the first chamber through a hole. The second chamber is capable of storing drainage water up to a storage water plane located at a position higher than an upper end of the hole, and the first chamber senses a fluid level in the first chamber reaching a prescribed sensing plane. A height difference between the sensing plane in the first chamber and the storage water plane is greater than a height of a water head obtained by converting a difference between atmospheric pressure and a minimum pressure at the drainage water inlet to the water head.
id-JP2016031171A    abstract-[challenges] we provide a hot water supply device that can suppress drain backflow (entry) from the downstream side of the flow path of combustion gas to the inside of the fan compared to the fan. Fan 6 connects the fan case 61, the impeller 62 accommodated in the fan case 61, the drive source 63 attached to the fan case 61 for driving the impeller 62, the rotation of the impeller 62 and the drive source 63. It has an axis. The exhaust connection part 7 has a connection part 71, and the exhaust connection part 7 has a exhaust outlet 71aa, which is used to discharge the combustion gas from the fan 6 to the outside of the hot water supply device 100. The exhaust connection part 7 also has a drain discharge part 72, which is used to discharge a drain on the downstream side of the flow path of combustion gas compared with fan 6. Select diagram: figure 6
id-US10012414B2    abstract-A drainage water discharge pipe is connected to a secondary heat exchanger for discharging drainage water to the outside of the secondary heat exchanger. An air passage pipe is connected to an exhaust box. A three-way pipe joint allows merging of a flow path on a side of the drainage water discharge pipe and a flow path on a side of the air passage pipe, and allows connection of the merged flow path to a drainage water tank connection pipe. In the three-way pipe joint, the flow path on the side of the air passage pipe is greater in diameter than the flow path on the side of the drainage water discharge pipe, and the flow path on the side of the drainage water tank connection pipe is decreased in diameter after merging of the drainage water discharge pipe and the air passage pipe.
id-US10300765B2    abstract-A heat exchanger arrangement ( 10 ), especially for a fuel-operated vehicle heater, includes an outer pot-shaped housing ( 12 ) having an outer bottom wall ( 16 ) and an outer circumferential wall ( 18 ) extending along a longitudinal axis (L). An inner pot shaped housing ( 14 ) has an inner bottom wall ( 20 ) and an inner circumferential wall ( 22 ) extending along the longitudinal axis (L). A flow space ( 24 ) for fluid whose temperature is to be regulated is formed between the inner housing ( 16 ) and the outer housing ( 12 ). At least one liquid uptake volume ( 46, 48 ) for taking up liquid condensed in the inner housing ( 14 ).
id-JP2016070512A    abstract-[problem] we provide a heat exchanger header that can sufficiently secure header strength so that it can cope with phenomena such as water hammer while suppressing header thickening. Solution: the first wall part 22b connected with multiple heat transfer tube 1 of the heat exchanger HE1, the second wall part 30a, the first wall part 22b and the second wall part 22b, The first wall part 22b and the second wall part 22b form the interlocking region of 30a into the chamber 36 for fluid flow The head H of the heat exchanger, the first wall and the second wall 22b, includes the outer wall 30b connecting the outer edge of 30a. At least one of the wall parts 30a is curved so that the central part of the wall part is inside the chamber 36 than the central part of the wall part is inside the chamber 36. Select diagram: figure 3
id-US20160091222A1    abstract-A domestic gas-fired water heater condensing flue system wherein in one embodiment a blower is secured at the outlet end of the flue pipe to direct the hot flue gases through an external heat exchange flue conduit. The external heat exchange flue conduit has a sealed water channel surrounding a narrow flue gas internal passage. Water from the bottom end of the tank is circulated in the external heat exchange flue conduit and release in the top part of the tank. In a further embodiment, an inverted U-shaped flue pipe is supported vertically in the water tank and the domestic water supply for the tank is disposed in a downward section of the flue pipe to pre-heat the water supply to the tank and cool the flue gases before being released to atmosphere. The water in the tank is heated by the upward and downward sections of the U-shaped flue pie
id-US10473407B2    abstract-A water heater includes a combustion device, a primary heat exchanger, and a secondary heat exchanger. The combustion device burns gas to generate high-temperature air. The primary and the secondary heat exchangers are provided sequentially above the combustion device. When the high-temperature air passes through the primary heat exchanger, part of thermal energy is absorbed by exchange plates and a water pipe therein. When the high-temperature air continues to pass through the secondary heat exchanger, part of the rest thermal energy is absorbed by a heat tube set therein to preheat water flowing through the heat tube set. The preheated water then flows into the water pipe of the primary heat exchanger. The secondary heat exchanger includes a case and a cover board which detachably seals a bore on the case. Whereby, it is convenient for a user to clean pipes inside the secondary heat exchanger.
id-WO2016066153A1    abstract-The invention is broad in scope and consists of a central thermal unit (1) to generate fuel, generating heat from the burning of mineral or biofuel; This is done with a carburetor or coolant evaporator (2), and the carburetor (2) vocal cords communicate with the exhaust pipe of the central heat exchanger (1), so that the energy required for evaporation with the coolant can be extracted from the exhaust pipe of the central heat exchanger (1). An ion drive pen (10) embedded trigger; A compressed carrier (11) for the compressed coolant.
id-US10330342B2    abstract-A dielectrically insulated secondary tubular flue for mounting inside a water holding tank of a gas-fired water heater is provided to increase the efficiency of the water heater. The secondary tubular flue has opposed tubular end sections and an helical tubular section integrally formed therewith. The tubular end sections each have connecting end sections adapted to form a part of a dielectric connector for securing the secondary tubular flue inside of the water holding tank by the dielectric connectors.
id-US20160131397A1    abstract-A condensing gas-fired furnace has a furnace cabinet, a primary heat exchanger, a secondary heat exchanger located upstream relative to the primary heat exchanger with regard to location within a circulation airflow path, a first baffle carried by a first wall of the furnace cabinet, and a second baffle carried by a second wall of the furnace cabinet, wherein the second baffle is located opposite the first baffle, and wherein the second wall is located opposite the first wall. The first baffle and the second baffle cooperate to form a nozzle within the furnace cabinet. A third baffle and a fourth baffle extend from the bottom of the first baffle and the second baffle, respectively, to the blower deck located adjacent to a secondary heat exchanger.
id-US20160131395A1    abstract-A condensing gas-fired furnace has a furnace cabinet, a primary heat exchanger, a secondary heat exchanger located upstream relative to the primary heat exchanger with regard to location within a circulation airflow path, a first baffle carried by a first wall of the furnace cabinet, a second baffle carried by a second wall of the furnace cabinet, wherein the second baffle is located opposite the first baffle, and wherein the second wall is located opposite the first wall, and a third baffle carried by a third wall of the furnace cabinet, wherein the third baffle is located adjacent to the first baffle and the second baffle, and wherein the third wall is located adjacent to the first wall and the second wall.
