id-US10688607B2    abstract-One aspect of the disclosure provides a termination for use with a furnace. The termination, in one embodiment, includes a face plate including an exhaust region and an air supply region, the face plate having a front surface and an opposing back surface. The termination, in this embodiment, further includes an exhaust termination portion extending from the back surface in the exhaust region, the exhaust termination portion capable of engaging a terminal end of a variety of different size exhaust conduits associated with a furnace. The termination, in this embodiment, further includes an opening extending through the face plate in the exhaust region, the opening aligned with the exhaust termination portion.
id-EP2354701A2    abstract-A device (20) for heat recovery in a gas containing water vapour, the gas circulating in a duct (11), comprising: - a main circuit (21) of hygroscopic solution (s), - a means (23) of liquid injection from the main circuit (21) to the line (11), so that the hygroscopic solution (s) is diluted by absorbing the water vapour from the gas circulating in the line (11), - a means (24) of liquid extraction from the line (11) to the main circuit (21), so that the hygroscopic solution (s) is injected into the main circuit (21) after absorption of the water vapour; - a means (22) for the regeneration of the hygroscopic solution (s) disposed on the main circuit (21); The device being characterized in that it includes a means (30) for heat transfer lowering the temperature of the concentrated hygroscopic solution (s) before injection, the invention also relates to a method for this purpose.
id-EP2351966A1    abstract-Warmetauschersystem (1), especially for a Pellet and/or Holzschnitzelofen first loaded with Warmetauschereinheit (2) exchange means that the first one between black holes is called Abgasstrom The exchange of Warmetragermedium to Warmetauschereinheit (3) means that the black hole's pretty man Abgasstrom is with another Warmetragermedium Warmetauschereinheit (2), wherein the former first and second heat energy caused by (100, 300) includes the effect of entering the first Warmetauschereinheit series (2) after passing through what is called Abgasstrom, and the second Warmetauschereinh eit(3) includes a heat energy from (400), which passes through the second Warmetauschereinheit (3) after entering into the second Warmetauschereinheit (3) leading to stability, the second Warmetauschereinheit (3) the Warmetauschereinheit large iron (2)Str omrichtung in Abgasstromes nachgeschaltet. is
id-US9353967B2    abstract-A fluid heating apparatus for use in water heaters, boilers, cooking applications or the like comprising a body. The fluid heating apparatus also comprises a primary heat exchanger arranged within the body and a secondary heat exchanger arranged adjacent to the primary heat exchanger within the body. The apparatus also comprises a burner arranged within the primary heat exchanger. The primary heat exchanger comprises a plurality of concentric doughnut shaped plates arranged over the burner. A blocking plate is arranged adjacent to one of the concentric plates of the primary heat exchanger. The secondary heat exchanger comprises a plurality of concentric doughnut shaped plates arranged adjacent to the blocking plate on a side opposite of the plates of the primary heat exchanger. The apparatus further comprises a manifold in fluid communication with the plurality of concentric plates and blocking plates of both the secondary heat exchanger and primary heat exchanger.
id-US9134041B2    abstract-One embodiment of the present invention is a boiler for boiling water to produce steam, having (1) an evaporating section comprising (a) a combustion chamber for burning fuel with air and generating hot flue gas, (b) an evaporating heat exchanger around the combustion chamber for exchanging heat between the flue gas and water to produce the steam which exits the boiler; and (2) a condensing section comprising (c) a condensing heat exchanger for exchanging heat between the hot flue gas from the combustion chamber and a low-temperature water return having a temperature below approximately 100° F., generating flue gas condensate, which leaves the boiler, wherein the low-temperature water return is heated by the hot flue gas in the condensing heat exchanger before entering the evaporating heat exchanger for additional heating. The disclosed vacuum condensing boilers make vapor vacuum steam more efficient and economical for industrial, commercial, and home applications.
id-WO2011095845A1    abstract-A domestic heating system comprising a boiler (1 ) and a heat recovery module (2) arranged to preheat a thermal fluid directed to the boiler, by recovering heat from combustion fumes, said module (2) comprising at least one heat exchanger (10, 12) between said fumes and said thermal fluid, the system comprising a particulate removal system, adapted to remove particulate matter (PM) from the fumes, located upstream the heat exchanger(s) (10, 12) of the heat recovery module (2).
id-WO2011117907A2    abstract-The present invention relates to a fumes-air type heat exchanger configured for heating units for boilers and essentially constituted of at least one exchanging body (2) closed by a pair of guards (3) wherein the exchanging body comprises two cavities, one internal (19) for the flow of fumes and the other around the perimeter for the flow of water to be heated where the cavity for the fumes is established within the core, i.e. the innermost part, and the cavity for the water to be heated in the jacket (20), i.e. the outermost part, so as to automatically reduce heat dispersion to the outside. In particular, the jacket (20) is composed of a hollow element divided into a plurality of longitudinal channels (21) inside each of which are protuberances (22a) arranged on the inner wall (23), while internally, in the core, there is a plurality of fins (50) arranged in a reciprocally parallel and opposing fashion. The heat exchanger is of the "cross flow" type, i.e. the input on the water side corresponds with the heat exchanger fumes output, thus allowing, with this configuration, high heat exchange performance because the low water temperature guarantees a sufficient level of condensation of combustion fumes, which are also at a low temperature.
id-US9709341B2    abstract-Provided are a heat exchanger that does not impede downsizing and removes water in the heat absorbing pipe adequately with a simple configuration even when the reduction in diameter of the heat absorbing pipe is made. A heat exchanger  5  in which heat absorbing pipes  51  are disposed in a multi-tier arrangement within a casing  50  which is the passage of combustion exhaust gas, both pipe ends  511,512  of each of the heat absorbing pipes  51  are connected respectively to two headers  54, 55  provided on a side plate  52  of the casing  50,  and water introduced from an external pipe  63  to each of the heat absorbing pipes  51  through the header  54  is heat-exchanged and heated by combustion exhaust gas. The pipe ends  511, 512  of the heat absorbing pipes  51  are arranged at a predetermined vertical interval. A drainage plate  56  for forming a drainage passage through which the water that has reached the pipe end openings  51 A of respective heat absorbing pipes  51  is removed during drainage operation for the heat absorbing pipes  51,  is disposed in the header  54  disposed on a lower side of the heat absorbing pipes  51  so as to face a number of the pipe end openings  51 A vertically arranged in a state of continuous.
id-EP2390594A2    abstract-Media heating device, specifying a heating device (1) with at least one cavity injected ventilation tube (2), at least one heating container installed in the fuselage (3), an incinerator installed in the furnace, responsible for burning fuel and air mixture, or at least a ventilation fan (6). How does the Verbrennungsluft of Banna and at least one Abluftkanal(7) have derivable combustion to produce Verbrennungsabgase, so that at least one of the specified Verbrennungsluftkanal(6) must be applied at least partially around a pot (3) The hermisch connection is simultaneously sealed with the Verbrennungsluftkanal(6)(10) of the estuary Zuluftkanals (2) of the Ansaugoffnung (11)(6) of the Ansauggeblases.
id-WO2011159595A3    abstract-A counterflow heat exchanger having a plurality of heat exchanger elements in a stacked, spaced-apart arrangement forming a plurality of inter-element passages. Each element has fluid passages formed between facing sections of a first plate and a second plate. A first-fluid passage has an outer passage circumscribing an inner passage in fluid communication with the outer passage. An inlet-port traversing passage in fluid communication with the outer passage, an outlet-port traversing passage in fluid communication with the inner passage and a second- fluid traversing passage circumscribed by the inner passage traverse the first and second plates. A first-fluid inlet header includes the inlet-port traversing passage of each element. A first-fluid outlet header includes the outlet-port traversing passage of each element. A second-fluid inlet passage in fluid communication with the plurality of inter-element passages includes the second-fluid traversing passage of each element.
id-US10254008B2    abstract-A method and system for operating a modulating furnace from a single-stage thermostat. The furnace control system may include a processor, a gas valve, a variable-speed motor, and a thermostat. The furnace control may execute a thermostat algorithm comprising the steps of: determining if a heating load needs to be satisfied; running burners at an intermediate input rate, a modulated input rate, and a maximum input rate for each respective first, second, and third time intervals until the heating load is satisfied; calculating a heating load requirement as function of the time intervals; and determining an initial input rate for a next cycle based on the calculated heating load requirement.
id-US20110303164A1    abstract-An apparatus for heating water having three vertically aligned water heating process sections. The upper section includes an annular water storage tank disposed around a combustion chamber having a downward firing burner. The intermediate section, disposed vertically below the upper section receives flue gas from the combustion chamber, which flue gas is cooled and dehumidified, producing a hot condensate which collects in a passive condensate flow control device disposed proximate the bottom of the intermediate section. The lower section, disposed vertically below the intermediate and separated therefrom by the passive condensate flow control device receives hot condensate from the flow control device, which is used to preheat and humidify air, such as room air, which is then recycled to the combustion process of the upper section for use as combustion air. This passive condensate flow control device uses gravity to inject condensate, thereby facilitating a system design that only requires a single condensate pump.
id-US20110297139A1    abstract-A drain pipe  54  includes an upper end portion  54   a  which is connected to a concave  38   a  of a leading end  38  of an exhaust tube  34 , and a lower end portion  54   b  which is opened to the inside of a warm air furnace below the concave  38   a . The lower end portion  54   b  is formed as a tubular portion where a membrane is formed at a plane orthogonal to an axis line  54   d  by a surface tension of a drain. A leading end  54   e  of the tubular portion is formed as an opening  54   f  with an area large enough such that the membrane is not generated by the surface tension of the drain.
id-EP2413043A2    abstract-Heating with Heizungsbrenner:(1) At least one suitable heat energy is cooled by (3) Heizungsbrenners(1), where the first heat energy is cooled by (2) in Abgasweg stromauf Warmetauschers Mid-1954 (3) was the first thermal energy to be fossilized by (2) a Fluidstrom, the second thermal energy to be filled by (3) a Fluidstrom in another Fluidstrom and a secondary water heater (4), capable of connecting one water heater (3) to another water exchanger (5) in a cycle.
id-WO2012017388A1    abstract-An exhaust gas/liquid heat exchanger (300), in particular, a heat regenerator in a condensing boiler (200). The heat exchanger (300) comprises vessels (305, 306, 307, 308) for the water to be heated which are detached from one another. The vessels (305, 306, 307, 308) are located inside a general container (320) which has walls such as to oblige the exhaust gases to touch the walls of such vessels (305, 306, 307, 308).
id-US9513003B2    abstract-A combustion apparatus includes combustion means generating combustion exhaust by combustion of fuel, heat exchange means exchanging heat of the combustion exhaust, and exhaust dilution unit supplying dilution air after the heat exchange by the heat exchange means and diluting the combustion exhaust after the heat exchange, and controls a temperature of the combustion exhaust after the heat exchange below a predetermined temperature by dilution by air supply.
id-EP2420756A1    abstract-The present invention relates to an exhaust structure of a sub-boiler (200) of a small cogenerator that includes a Stirling engine (110) producing electricity and being heated by an engine burner (120), and the sub-boiler (200) is disposed on the Stirling engine (110), having a sensible heat exchanger (210) and a latent heat exchanger(220), and making hot water, in which a channel connecting an engine head where an exhaust gas heating the Stirling engine (110) is discharged with the latent heat exchanger (220) is formed, and the channel is formed such that the discharged exhaust gas exchanges heat while flowing from the top to the bottom of the latent heat exchanger (220).
id-US9303896B2    abstract-A water heater, particularly but not exclusively for domestic use, is herein described and having removably secured thereto an external modulating gas power burner to heat the water in a separate tank portion. The two are easily separable from one another for service, repair or interchange. The hot water or a mixture thereof from the burner is circulated in a heat exchanger to transfer the heat to the tank water circulated from the water tank through the heat exchanger.
id-US8695539B2    abstract-A water heater includes combustion means (burner) that combusts fuel and generates exhaust; heat exchange means (primary heat exchanger and secondary heat exchanger) that exchanges heat of the exhaust for supplied water; bypassing means (bypass pipe) that makes the supplied water flow to an outlet of the heat exchange means; exchanged heat temperature detection means (exchanged heat temperature sensor) that detects temperature of the supplied water after heat exchange; flow rate adjustment means (bypass valve) that adjusts a volume of the supplied water flowing into the bypassing means and the heat exchange means; and a control unit that controls the flow rate adjustment means so as to make a predetermined volume of the supplied water or over flow to the heat exchange means.
id-US9182159B2    abstract-A water heater includes one or a plurality of heat pumps that heat tap water or return water from a hot water supply part, a circulation line that supplies hot water heated in the heat pumps to the hot water supply part, and introduces the return water from the hot water supply part to the heat pumps, an incoming water pipe that joins to between the hot water supply part in the circulation line and the heat pumps and supplies the tap water, a circulation pump that returns the return water to the heat pumps and circulates the return water through the circulation line, and a control unit that controls operation or stop of the circulation pump according to driving operation time or elapsed stop time by linking a combustion process of the heat pumps.
id-US20120080023A1    abstract-A furnace includes an induced draft blower; an inducer motor driving the induced draft blower; and a furnace control determining a modulation percentage, the furnace control controlling RPM of the inducer motor in response to the modulation percentage.
id-US20120090591A1    abstract-A condensate collector box includes a furnace mounting plate having a first edge portion, a second edge portion that extends from the first edge portion, at least one vent drain channel that extends along one of the first and second edge portions, and a heat exchanger condensate collection area. The condensate collector box also includes an inducer fan mounting member having a first surface and opposing second surface arranged upon the furnace mounting plate to form a condensate collection zone. The inducer fan mounting member includes at least one inducer fan drain passage that is fluidly connected to the at least one vent drain channel
id-US20120090601A1    abstract-A condensate collector system includes a condensate collector box having at least one condensate outlet port, and a condensate trap fluidly connected to the at least one condensate outlet port. The condensate trap is configured and disposed to be selectively positioned in multiple drain orientations relative to the condensate collector box to accommodate multiple installation configurations of the multi-poise gas furnace.
id-WO2012046038A2    abstract-A condensing heat exchanger of the kind having a primary heat exchanger and a secondary heat exchanger connected downstream of and in series with the primary heat exchanger. The secondary heat exchanger is arranged to at least partially condense combustion gases discharged from the primary heat exchanger. The primary heat exchanger comprising a drum having a longitudinal axis and the secondary heat exchanger comprising a plurality of small diameter tubes arranged by the side of the drum and extending parallel with the longitudinal axis of the drum.
id-US20120088200A1    abstract-A primary heat exchanger for a furnace includes one or more passes and having a heat exchanger height. A ratio of heat exchanger efficiency to heat exchanger height is in the range of about 7.0 points per inch to about 8.1 points per inch. A furnace includes a burner for combusting a fuel and a primary heat exchanger operably connected to the burner. The primary heat exchanger includes one or more passes and has a heat exchanger height. A ratio of heat exchanger efficiency to heat exchanger height is in the range of about 7.0 points per inch to about 8.1 points per inch.
id-US9631877B2    abstract-A coupling to connect a primary heat exchanger to a condensing heat exchanger of a furnace includes a coupling box extending between a primary heat exchanger and a condensing heat exchanger. The coupling box defines a flow path for flue gas between a primary heat exchanger outlet and a condensing heat exchanger inlet. A tube sheet is located at a distance from the tube sheet in the coupling box. The liner and the tube sheet define an insulating liner space therebetween reducing condensation on the liner.
id-US20120103279A1    abstract-A method and apparatus for conveying condensate from an exhaust system of a gas water heater to a drain. The method includes the steps of operating the gas water heater to produce products of combustion, operating a blower to cause the products of combustion to flow through the exhaust system to atmosphere, allowing condensate from the products of combustion to form within the exhaust system, using a drain conduit to connect a relatively high pressure zone of the exhaust system to a relatively low pressure zone of the exhaust system, using a pressure differential between the relatively high pressure zone and the relatively low pressure zone to convey condensate through the drain conduit from the relatively high pressure zone to the relatively low pressure zone, and conveying condensate from the relatively low pressure zone to the drain.
id-US20120085522A1    abstract-A heat exchanger system and a method of assembly is provided for a gas appliance such as a furnace. The heat exchanger system includes an attachment plate having at least one recess sized to receive an inlet of a heat exchanger. The heat exchanger has a first flange disposed at the inlet that is positioned in the recess. A second flange in the attachment plate recess is crimped onto the inlet flange to couple the heat exchanger to the attachment plate. The attachment plate may also include a pair of slots that extend from the recess that are sized to receive a pair of third flanges on the heat exchanger.
id-US20120085521A1    abstract-An attachment between a heat exchanger and a cell panel of a furnace includes a cell panel including a plurality of cell panel openings and a heat exchanger having a plurality of cells. Each cell has a cell outlet insertable into a cell panel opening of the plurality of cell panel openings. A compressible gasket is insertable between the cell panel openings and the cell outlets and securable therein when the heat exchanger is secured to the cell panel. A crimping tool for securing a heat exchanger cell outlet to a cell panel of a furnace includes a male portion including a split die having two die halves and a die expander configured to separate the two die halves to engage an inner surface of the cell outlet. A female portion applies a force to the cell outlet to crimp the cell outlet to the cell panel.
id-US8813688B2    abstract-A heat exchanger comprising an outer jacket ( 9 ) with an inner set of vertical pipe elements ( 1 ) fastened at their opposing ends in upper and lower sieve walls ( 2, 3 ), and having a gas combustion chamber ( 4 ) located above the upper sieve wall, as well as partitions ( 5, 6, 7 ) mounted crosswise of the pipe elements. The partitions have openings for the pipe elements. The heat exchanger is also provided with liquid, gas and exhaust fumes inlet and outlet stub pipes. The outer jacket is conically shape with its diameter increasing upwards. An upper sieve wall ( 2 ), is essentially flat as viewed from the side, while an upper partition ( 5 ) situated below the wall, is shaped as a cone with its vertex pointing down. The upper partition ( 5 ) has a central opening ( 8 ) in its central region and an outer diameter corresponding to a diameter of the outer jacket ( 9 ).
id-US20120125269A1    abstract-A heater, comprising a fuel burner, a primary heat exchanger, and an enclosure around the fuel burner and primary heat exchanger and defining a gas flow path, wherein the enclosure further comprises a secondary heat exchanger and/or heat storage means.
