id-US20120048257A1    abstract-Air conditioning units packaged with condensing gas heat exchangers where condensate from the heat exchanger passes through the inducer fan, into an exhaust conduit, and out of the unit enclosure, and methods that reduce consumption of fossil fuels using air conditioning units with condensing gas heat exchangers by advertising that the units can be installed on the roof of a building or at ground level. Some embodiments include a drain hole extending through a collector attached to the heat exchanger to the inlet of the inducer fan. In some embodiments, a bifurcation in the exhaust conduit separates condensate from most combustion gasses. Some embodiments discharge condensate into a vertical standpipe in the ground that may extend below the frost line. Various methods include instructing an installer of the units regarding how to install the units and dispose of condensate into the ground or through a drain line into the building.
id-US20120048521A1    abstract-Air conditioning units packaged with condensing heat exchangers, collectors for such units, and apparatuses for passing a tube through a duct wall and making a loop and trap in the tube. In different embodiments, a drain line may connect to a collector attached to the heat exchanger or condensate may discharge through an inducer fan and out with combustion gasses. A drain line opening in the collector may be lower than a drain hole to the inlet of the inducer fan, which may be lower than an exhaust hole for the fan. A plug in the drain line opening in the collector may be used to discharge condensate through the inducer fan and a bifurcation in the exhaust conduit may separate condensate from most combustion gasses. Embodiments having a drain line connected to the collector may route the drain line through the roof, a conduit, or in the return duct.
id-US20120210997A1    abstract-Described is a method and device for generating steam and low oxygen gas. The device includes a burner assembly adapted to generate a hot combustion gas. A combustion chamber is included that has a series of water-filled coils positioned therein. Feedwater that passes through the water-filled coils is turned into steam by heat from the combustion gas. The steam exits the device for transport to a steam system for use therein. A water pool is positioned beneath the combustion chamber to cool combustion gases from the combustion chamber. A cooling water system is included that provides cooling water to the water pool. A demisting filter is positioned above the water pool to remove water droplets from the combustion gas. Finally, an exhaust opening is positioned downstream from the demisting filter to allow the combustion gas to exit the device for use elsewhere.
id-EP2489955A1    abstract-A gas boiler condensing heat exchanger (1) has a casing (15), in which combustion fumes are conducted to an outlet port (28); a first and second hollow elongated member (1, 2) having respective end portions (6, 8) and wound at least partly about an axis (A) to form a first and second helix (3, 4), which are arranged successively along an axis (A) inside the casing (15; 32), form respective turns (11) separated by respective helical gaps (12); the first and the second helix (3, 4) being configured to define, between the end portions (6, 8) and a turn (11) of the first helix (3) and a turn (11) of the second helix (4) facing each other, a space having a dimension parallel to the axis (A) that is larger than the helical gaps (12).
id-US20120240869A1    abstract-A condensing fuel-fired appliance has a condensate trap that includes a trap body; a float; a flue gas inlet port for the introduction of flue gas into the interior region of the trap body; a condensate outlet port for the discharge of condensate from the interior region; and a flue gas outlet port for the discharge of flue gas from the interior region of the trap body. The float is configured to move in response to condensate collected in the interior region of the trap body to a position to substantially block the discharge of flue gas from the interior region through the flue gas outlet port. The float is also configured to move to a position to substantially block the discharge of flue gas from the interior region through the condensate outlet port when there is little or no condensate in the interior region of the trap body.
id-US20140014306A1    abstract-A heat exchanger of the fumes-water type configured to couple with a burner for the manufacture of boilers for domestic or industrial use. The heat exchanger includes an exchanging body ( 2 ) made of die-cast aluminum with two half-shells ( 2   a  and  2   b ), to be mounted in a mutually opposing fashion, and enclosed within a casing ( 3 ), made of a plastic or aluminum material, formed of two half-parts ( 3   a  and  3   b ) to couple in order to contain therewithin the exchanging body, thus constituting two seats, one internal one for the flow of fumes and the other, external, one for the flow of water, which runs upwards from the bottom, passing all around the exchanging body with a partly parallel and partly spiral route. The exchanger is of the “cross flow” type, where the input on the water side corresponds with the heat exchanger fumes output and allows high heat exchange performance.
id-US20120247734A1    abstract-A design and manufacturing technique for a “Long Heat Exchanger”, a counter-flow heat exchanger sizeable to transfer up to 100% of heat and temperature between two fluids (gas or liquid). Inner “Core” capable of manufacture in continuous lengths, may be coiled, cut and formed to shape multiple applications, ranging from engine exhaust, to recycling steam turbine, to building furnaces. Core costs are comparable to metal tubing costs, and outer or “Main” channel housing may be existing exhaust channels being retrofitted or new housing injection molded in sections.      Applies anywhere waste heat is exhausted. As waste heat represents fuel waste directly, recovering up to 100% of wasted heat, while maintaining temperature and pressure of the working fluid, can equate to recovering up to 100% of wasted fuel. Practical, economical designs may readily yield over 90% fuel efficiency in applications currently yielding 10% to 60% fuel efficiency.
id-WO2012123301A1    abstract-A heater (1) comprising a condensing heat exchanger (2), a gas burner (3), a sleeve (40) for supplying an air/ gas mixture to the burner (3), means (42) for circulating said mixture in the apparatus (1) and a line (430) for introducing the gas into said intake sleeve (40), the heat exchanger (2) comprising a tube (21), mounted inside a chamber (200) bounded by an enclosure (20), The tube (21) is covered by a fluid to be heated and exposed to hot gases generated by the burner (3), and the casing (20) includes a flue gas evacuation sleeve (205). The invention is remarkable in that at least one Venturi tube (70) is disposed in said intake sleeve (40) downstream of said gas introduction line (430), the vacuum chamber (76) of the Venturi (70) being in fluid communication with the Venturi neck (71), pierced with a hole (710), and that at least one connecting tubular part (8) connects the interior of said enclosure (200) with said vacuum chamber (76), In order to remove part of the burnt gases and to incorporate them into the air/ gas mixture introduced into the burner.
id-US8881689B2    abstract-An exhaust adapter A having an inner tubular wall  41  forming a through hole  40  communicating with an exhaust port  14 , an outer tubular wall  42  surrounding the inner tubular wall  41 , and an annular concave part  43  formed between the inner tubular wall  41  and the outer tubular wall  42 . One of at least two types of exhaust pipes having different pipe diameters can be selectively connected as an exhaust pipe  2  by utilizing either the through hole  40  or the annular concavity  43 . Height H 1  of the inner tubular wall  41  is designed to be lower than height H 2  of the outer tubular wall  42 . Drain flowing in the annular concave part  43  is prevented from flowing out around the outer tubular wall  42  and furthermore the exhaust adapter A can be accurately used for various types of exhaust pipes with different pipe diameters.
id-EP2532983A2    abstract-Disclosed are a heat pump boiler and a control method for the same. The heat pump boiler includes an outdoor unit having an outdoor-unit heat-exchanger, a water pipe including a water-feed pipe and a water-return pipe connected to the outdoor unit to feed water to the outdoor unit or to return low-temperature or medium-temperature water produced in the outdoor unit to an external location, heat exchangers connected to the water pipe to produce medium-temperature or high-temperature water, a variable-capacity compressor connected to the heat exchangers, a buffer tank connected to the water pipe, and an externally-wound heat exchanger to collect waste heat radiated from the compressor. A temperature of water stored in the buffer tank is raised using the collected waste heat, and, during a defrosting operation, the water stored in the buffer tank is fed to the outdoor-unit heat-exchanger to defrost an evaporator of the outdoor unit.
id-US9291364B2    abstract-According to the required amount of heating, a controller of a combustion apparatus exercises selective on-off switching control on capacity control switching valves for the supplying of gas to three different combustion areas partitioned respectively by a group of three combustion burners, a group of five combustion burners and a group of nine combustion burners, whereby the three combustion areas can selectively be burned, thereby the combustion capacity is changed and switched to any of a plurality of combustion capacity levels. A combustion exhaust temperature sensor is disposed in the vicinity of the inlet of an exhaust stack. Judgment temperatures corresponding respectively to combustion capacity levels for combustion exhaust high-temperature abnormality judgment are set. If the detected combustion exhaust temperature exceeds the judgment temperature corresponding to a current combustion capacity level, this provides a notification indicative of the occurrence of an abnormality while combustion is forcibly stopped.
id-US20130014740A1    abstract-Heat exchanger for a high efficiency hot air heating appliance ( 1 ), with at least one segment ( 5 ) and with a primary section ( 14 ) and, viewed in the flow direction (A), followed by a secondary condensing section ( 15 ), whereby the segment ( 5 ) consists of at least one primary element ( 16 ) and at least two secondary condensing elements ( 19 ), that form part of the secondary condensing section ( 15 ) of the segment ( 5 ), and the inputs ( 20 ) of each of them are connected in parallel to the output ( 18 ) of the primary element ( 16 ) in such a way that the gas flow coming from the primary element ( 16 ) is divided over the secondary condensing elements ( 19 ) connected to it.
id-EP2551603A2    abstract-The invention relates to a direct heating Warmlufterzeuger Brennkammer too much, in which fuel is produced, used to burn heat, with at least one heat energy produced by, which warms Brennkammer(40 years old) and in the sky Brennkammer at a list of heating provisions will propagate the warmth in the air Heizluft, while the heat energy is produced by at least 45 exhaust pipes (51) that have different temperatures The heat can be controlled, the hot gas pipe is fully trained, and the cooling cooling cools the amount of hot gas under the heat.
id-WO2013026225A1    abstract-The utility model relates to a condensing high-efficiency gas water heater, which comprises a water tank, a burner arranged on the lower side of the water tank, a smoke exhaust hood arranged on the outer side of the water tank and having a smoke exhaust gap with the water tank, a heat exchange smoke pipe arranged in the water tank, a thermal insulation layer and a shell covered on the outer side of the smoke exhaust hood, and the smoke hood has an exhaust port communicated with the atmosphere. The heat exchange smoke pipe has at least one upward heat exchange smoke pipe and one downward heat exchange smoke pipe, the upward heat exchange smoke pipe runs through the water tank longitudinally, the downward heat exchange smoke pipe and the upward heat exchange smoke pipe are connected through the communication pipe, and the lower end of the downward heat exchange smoke pipe is connected with the exhaust port. The invention avoids the disadvantages of smoke congestion in the diverter chamber, improves the smoothness of smoke flow and improves the heat exchange efficiency.
id-US20130042823A1    abstract-Disclosed is a heat exchanger, and a method for heating a working fluid. The heat exchanger includes a burner, a combustion section, and a condenser section positioned below the combustion section such that exhaust from the burner passes through the spiral coils and to the condenser. In an example of this disclosure, the combustion section includes a plurality of spiral coils radially spaced apart relative to one another, and the condenser section includes a plurality of U-bend coils.
id-WO2013021008A3    abstract-For the invention of heating a Nutzfluides 41, the heating of 1 Banner gives the Brennstoff-Luft-Gemischs armament and a heat generated by 2 to the body of the Heizenergie gets the erwarmende The Nutzfluid labeled 41 bubbles Heizgas 3 through the 5th Einbringungsvorrichtung document engaged in thermal energy by 2 and a Heizgerates specified in the program.
id-US20130074947A1    abstract-A condensate lifting installation system is provided having a lifting unit ( 2 ), which includes a collection container ( 6 ) and a pump assembly ( 9 ), and a neutralization unit ( 4 ), which includes a receiver space ( 20 ) for a neutralizing agent. The lifting unit ( 2 ) is designed at its upper side for the releasable attachment of the neutralization unit ( 4 ).
id-EP2573483A1    abstract-The invention relates to the incinerator of Neutralisationseinheit by condensing water under pressure, and at the same time add Standfußen (10) below Neutralisationseinheit. Standfuße (10), in which at least one Ausnehmung(16) interferes with volume 7.3 Ausnehmung Neutralisationseinheit, and in (16) is trained Anlageflache (18) The (10) full-foot (10) base is the vertical (30) base, that is, the base is the vertical (18) base and the (30) base is the vertical (S) arch.
id-US10288300B2    abstract-In one example embodiment of a hydronic heating system, the system includes at least one condensing boiler and at least one non-condensing boiler, and at least one controller configured for utilizing at least one PID control program to generate at least one signal for controlling firing rates of one or more of the boilers based upon sensed water temperature and temperature setpoint inputs. Depending upon the mode of operation, the at least one PID control program is a first PID control program dedicated to controlling only the at least one condensing boiler, or is a second PID control program dedicated to controlling only the at least one non-condensing boiler, or includes both the first and second PID control programs. Also, outside air temperature serves as a basis for generating the temperature setpoint inputs.
id-WO2013063892A1    abstract-An inverted V-shaped structure condensing heat exchanger for a gas water heater comprises a smoke collecting hood (21). The condenser box (13) is arranged above the smoke collecting hood (21) through the condenser bracket (20), and the smoke inlet (17) is arranged in the middle of the bottom of the condenser box (13); The symmetrical bellows (18) array and the inverted V-shaped baffle (16) are sequentially arranged between the bottom of the condenser box (13) and the condenser cover (14) with a smoke outlet (15); The condensate outlet (19) is arranged at the bottom of the condenser box (13). During operation, due to the blocking effect of the inverted V-shaped baffle (16), the smoke flows into the parallel bellows (18) array in two ways, forming an inverted V-shaped forced convection heat transfer, thus reducing the temperature. The smoke is collected on both sides of the inverted V-shaped baffle (16) and discharged from the smoke outlet (15). The flue gas flow path is a double inclined Z-curve, so the heat exchange efficiency is high, and the main heat exchanger (10) does not produce condensate.
id-US9939172B2    abstract-A thermostatic condensing gas water heater, comprising a burner; a first heat exchanger ( 7 ), a second heat exchanger ( 4 ), a water inlet pipe ( 10 ), and a water outlet pipe ( 9 ) provided in succession along the flow direction of the burnt flue gas; a controller; and a water flow channel connecting the first heat exchanger ( 7 ) and the second heat exchanger ( 4 ) in parallel between the water inlet pipe ( 10 ) and the water outlet pipe ( 9 ), wherein flow control valves ( 3, 5 ) capable of adjusting the water flow distribution of the first heat exchanger ( 7 ) and the second heat exchanger ( 4 ) are provided on the water flow channel and controlled by the controller.
id-US8763564B2    abstract-A water heater includes a storage tank for storing water, a combustion chamber, a burner positioned in the combustion chamber, and a heat exchanger positioned in the storage tank. The burner produces products of combustion. The heat exchanger receives the products of combustion from the combustion chamber and transfers heat from the products of combustion to the water stored in the storage tank. The heat exchanger includes an upper portion and a lower portion. The upper portion is positioned above the combustion chamber and the lower portion is positioned below the combustion chamber.
id-US20130118719A1    abstract-The invention is a heat exchanger that transfers heat from one medium to another by pulling a heated medium through a series of expansion chambers and water-immersed tubes that transfers the heat from one medium to another, including a secondary set of coils to increase the efficiency.
id-EP2600077A1    abstract-The invention relates to a heating device for providing a heated liquid medium, comprising a burner for generating a heated combustion gas, wherein the burner is configured for receiving a burner signal. The heating device further comprises a heat exchanger comprising a tube having an inlet opening and an outlet opening. The outside of the tube defines a first heat exchange surface for contacting the combustion gas and the inside of the tube defining a second heat exchange surface for contacting the liquid medium. The heating device also comprises a fan for providing an airflow over the heat exchanger, wherein the fan is configured for receiving a fan signal and a pump for pumping the liquid medium into the inlet opening and out of the outlet opening. The pump is configured for receiving a pump signal. The heating device comprises a control unit configured for emitting the burner signal, the fan signal and the pump signal. The control unit is configured for controlling the burner, fan and pump by emitting the respective burner signal, fan signal and pump signal such that the combustion gas condenses on the first heat exchange surface for cleaning the first heat exchange surface by washing using the condensate. The invention further relates to a method for cleaning a heat exchanger in a heating device.
