id-US10995965B2    abstract-A burner for use with an igniter for firing a flame into a heat-exchanger includes a body having a sidewall that defines an interior chamber. A first opening in the body receives a pre-mixed mixture of air and fuel. A second opening in the body is in fluid communication with the first opening. A distributor connected to the body closes the second opening. The distributor includes a first portion and at least one curved second, portion provided on the first portion. Each second portion includes a plurality of first perforations in fluid communication with the first opening in the body. The first perforations of one second portion are positioned adjacent to the igniter such that ignition of the pre-mix mixture flowing through the first perforations results in a flame through the second portion.
id-US10006662B2    abstract-A plate fin for a heat exchanger is provided including a base plate having a plurality of holes formed therein. The plate fin also includes a plurality of generally annular collars. Each collar is positioned substantially coaxially within one of the plurality of holes. The plurality of first collars is substantially less than the plurality of holes such that a portion of the plurality of holes does not have a collar arranged therein.
id-EP2754976A1    abstract-External heat exchanger for improving the efficiency of a heating system comprising a heater arranged for heating up heating water in a closed heating water circuit, comprising a tank connectable to the closed heating water circuit and comprising an input opening for receiving heating water and an output opening for outputting heating water. The external heat exchanger further comprises means for exchanging heat from exhaust gasses from a heater to heating water in the tank.
id-US20140245971A1    abstract-An apparatus for heating water comprises a tank formed by a tank wall and having a water inlet and a water outlet and a water collection pan in a bottom portion thereof and a burner located through a wall of the tank so as to position a flame originating therefrom above a surface of water located in the collection pan. The apparatus further includes an exhaust pipe extending from the tank, at least one water distribution manifold sized to be located in the exhaust pipe of the water heater in fluidic communication with a water supply and having a plurality of ports therein to distributed water therethrough and at least one permeable layer supported below the at least one water distribution manifold.
id-US20140290590A1    abstract-A condensing type hot water boiler comprises: a firebox casing that formulates a firebox in which fuel is combusted; a burner that ignites fuel furnished in the upper part of said firebox casing; a ventilator that supplies air to said firebox; a heat exchange casing, wherein heat is exchanged between hot water and the flame and combustion gas flowing in from said firebox, located at the lower part of said firebox casing; and a hot water coil formed to cover the inner wall of said firebox casing and in which hot water is received in the interior from said heat exchange casing for heat exchange with flame and combustion gas of the interior of said firebox.
id-WO2014138585A3    abstract-A heat exchanger includes an enclosure having a separator disposed therein that divides the heat exchanger into a mixing area and a heat exchange area. The mixing area is configured to receive a hot fume and droplets of a liquid for mixing with each other to form a fume-droplet vapor mixture. The mixture is configured to flow through orifices of the separator into the heat exchange area. A plurality of magazines is disposed within the heat exchange area of the first enclosure. Each magazine defines a cavity. The cavities are disposed in communication with one another. A lower-most magazine is configured to receive a receiver medium that is pumped through the cavity of each successive magazine to an upper-most magazine. The mixture is configured to circulate about the magazines to incrementally heat the receiver medium as the receiver medium is pumped through the cavity of each successive magazine.
id-EP2796807A1    abstract-The process of protecting a condenser against overheating for a condensing boiler of the type comprising a high temperature water circuit, a low temperature water circuit and a burner comprises steps consisting of: - measuring the temperature of the water in the condenser, and - limiting the burner load rate when said temperature of the water in the condenser is between a value greater than T1 and a value strictly below T3 with T3 > T1.
id-US10890358B2    abstract-A furnace has a primary heat exchanger tube, a secondary heat exchanger comprising a plurality of secondary heat exchanger tubes, a hot header configured to provide a fluid flow path between an output of the primary heat exchanger tube to an input of the secondary heat exchanger, and a perforated fluid flow plate disposed at least partially within the hot header.
id-US9945616B1    abstract-A fluid heating apparatus may comprise a fluid pumping assembly configured to increase a pressure characteristic of the fluid between the fluid inlet and fluid outlet, and a heating assembly configured to heat the fluid between the fluid inlet and the fluid outlet. The heating assembly may define a first portion of a gas path such that exhaust gases from combustion in the heating assembly enter the gas path. The apparatus may also comprise a heat recovery assembly configured to recover heat from the exhaust gases and transfer recovered heat to fluid moving through the fluid path. The heat recovery assembly may define a second portion of the gas path in fluid communication with the first portion of the gas path. An exhaust gas movement device may be configured to pull exhaust gases through the first and second portions of the gas path to the gas movement device.
id-WO2014181304A1    abstract-A device (1) and a method are described for optimizing heat transfer in a heat exchanger, said device (1) being adapted to cooperate with a heat exchanger (9) associated with a burner, and comprising heat transfer means (3,4,5) adapted to transfer heat from fumes produced by a combustion generated by said burner to a cold side of said heat exchanger (9).
id-US20160370123A1    abstract-The present invention provides an energy storage system ( 10 ) for a use with a boiler ( 20 ). The energy storage system ( 10 ) comprises a plurality of thermal energy storage banks ( 101, 102, 103, 104 ). Each thermal energy storage bank ( 101, 102, 103, 104 ) comprises phase changeable material having a predetermined phase transformation temperature. The energy storage system ( 10 ) also includes an extraction device ( 105; 115 ) configured to recover waste energy from the boiler ( 20 ). The extraction device ( 105, 115 ) is operable to extract waste energy from the boiler ( 20 ) and feed that energy to at least one ( 101 ) of the thermal energy storage banks ( 101, 102, 103, 104 ). A controller ( 106 ) is arranged, in use, to activate the extraction device ( 105, 115 ) in response to operation of the boiler ( 20 ).
id-JP2016525441A    abstract-The invention relates to A pipe cleaning device (D) in the drinking water supply network (R) of an aircraft (A), which is connected to the supply network (R) in A limited manner and is independent of the aircraft (D), and the liquid is supplied in A closed firebox type condensing gas box. A device is characterized by the inclusion of a moving platform frame (C) supporting multiple functional subassemblies required for the production of a high-temperature liquid including a roller (110). Application area: plumbing cleaning of aircraft. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US10766058B2    abstract-The invention relates to a cleaning device, in which said device is supplied with liquid. The device is characterised in that it comprises a mobile chassis supporting a plurality of functional subassemblies necessary for the production of a hot liquid in a condensing gas boiler with sealed combustion chamber. The invention can be used to clean the pipes in an aircraft.
id-US20150027667A1    abstract-A condensing heat recovery unit for a portable fluid heater has a heat exchanger with a plurality of hollow rectangular heat recovery panels, a flue gas collection hood that funnels flue gas from the portable fluid heater into one side of the heat exchanger, and a condensate collector connected to the opposite side of the heat exchanger that collects flue gas condensate.
id-US20150053152A1    abstract-A boiler comprises a boiler gas exhaust providing an exhaust for recuperated gases; and a secondary heat exchanger comprising: an economizer cold fluid inlet connected to a source of cold fluid; an economizer cold fluid outlet fluidly connected to the economizer cold fluid inlet and located thereabove, the cold fluid circulating upwardly from the economizer cold fluid inlet towards the economizer cold fluid outlet; a hot gas inlet for receiving the recuperated gases from the boiler gas exhaust; and a hot gas outlet fluidly connected to the hot gas inlet through the secondary heat exchanger, the recuperated gases circulating from the hot gas inlet toward the hot gas outlet; wherein the recuperated gases cross the secondary heat exchanger and exhaust by the hot gas outlet, the cold fluid being heated between the economizer cold fluid inlet and the economizer cold fluid outlet thereby resulting in a preheated fluid.
id-US10415827B2    abstract-An exhaust adapter secures an exhaust tube relative to an exhaust pipe. The exhaust adapter is formed to have an annular shape enclosing a through hole, and is mounted on the outer peripheral surface of the exhaust tube and on the inner peripheral surface of the exhaust pipe by inserting the exhaust tube into the through hole. When the exhaust adapter is being fitted on the outer peripheral surface of the exhaust tube, the inner peripheral surface of the exhaust adapter presses the outer peripheral surface of the exhaust tube, and when the exhaust adapter is being fitted on the inner peripheral surface of the exhaust pipe, the outer peripheral surface of the exhaust adapter presses the inner peripheral surface of the exhaust pipe.
id-US20160195262A1    abstract-A power plant with a fossil fuel fired boiler, an air feed system, flue gas system and condensate system. A unitary flue gas heat exchanger spans a bypass line in the flue gas system and the condensate system so as to improve the thermal efficiency of the power plant while minimising complexity.
id-WO2015037076A1    abstract-This is a boiler power generation system equipped with a steam turbine driven by high-temperature and high-pressure steam generated by a boiler. A unique feature of this system is the installation of a composite heat transfer surface on the furnace wall of the boiler furnace, which consists of a water wall heat transfer tube of the main steam system and a reheat steam system heat transfer tube in an integrated structure. It is possible to realize a boiler power generation system that enables highly efficient operation under partial load by appropriately maintaining the amount of heat collected in the reheat system during partial load operation.
id-WO2015048877A1    abstract-A heat exchanger for use in an indirect fired heater, said heat exchanger comprising an arcuate process airflow pattern. The heat exchanger is a multi-pass heat exchanger for improving heat exchanger efficiencies. The heat exchanger comprises a final pass section adjacent a process flow inlet and a primary drum situated adjacent a process airflow outlet.
id-US10527316B2    abstract-The present invention provides a method for collecting waste heat of exhaust gas and reducing white smoke, and an apparatus to which the method can be easily applied, the method comprising the steps of: introducing exhaust gas from an exhaust gas supply source including high-temperature steam to a heat and moisture exchange unit, collecting latent heat of the steam contained in the exhaust gas by making contact between the exhaust gas and a solution containing hydroscopic salts, condensing the collected latent heat, and discharging the processed exhaust gas to the outside of the heat and moisture exchange unit; and concentrating, cooling, and circulating the solution containing the hydroscopic salts by discharging, to a lower part of the heat and moisture exchange unit, a mixture of the solution containing the hydroscopic salts and condensation water.
id-US10458679B2    abstract-A heat exchanger for boilers, in particular for condensing boilers. The heat exchanger having a set of heat exchanging plates inside which the water to be heated flows and outside which the combustion products coming from a burner pass. The heat exchanger has plates coupled to diaphragms for closing openings present on the plates; each plate having at least two levels of respective channels for the water flow to be heated. Hydraulic connections in series between the channels can be provided on the layer closest to a burner.
id-EP2868960A1    abstract-Relates to the invention of Kondensationswarmetauscher (20) angeschlossenes Ablasssystem(30 years old) and a Siphon(31 years old) and with at least one Siphon(31 years old) contact Siphonrohr(32) vouchers outraged Kondensflussigkeit Warmetauschers (20), such that there is at least one Kontrollrohr(34) on the label of Siphon(31). load
