id-WO2013104124A1    abstract-A hybrid air conditioning system associated with a heat pump and an aqueous desiccant/water complex cycle, where in the heat pump is coupled to the aqueous desiccant/water complex cycle, the conditioned room and the environment either directly or indirectly through heat exchanger units, connecting pipes, switches and control valves. The hybrid air conditioning system can be switched into different operation modes and operate appropriately under different weather conditions.
id-JP2013148343A    abstract-[challenges] to provide an air division configuration for cooling and dehumidifying air in an indoor space that has been adjusted. The air division configuration used to cool and dehumidify the air in the adjusted indoor space includes separate first and second courses created from the incoming air. The first course passes through the dryer to remove moisture from the air, the air out of the dryer passes through the first cooling coil to cool the air, and the air out of the first cooling coil enters the supply plenum. The second course is directed through the first side of the heat exchanger, and the air out of the heat exchanger is heated by the heater element before capturing the moisture from the dryer. The air that leaves the dryer passes through the second side of the heat exchanger and then through the second cooling coil to cool and dehumidize the air of the second course. The air that comes out mixes with the air of the first course and returns to the adjusted space. In this space, the treated air flow is maximized against the recycled air flow and still allows effective latent heat cooling. Select diagram: figure 4
id-WO2013116197A1    abstract-An energy recovery system includes a heating and cooling system having a controller and a furnace or fan coil in fluid communication with each of a return air duct and a supply air duct; and an energy recovery ventilator (ERV) having an intake air duct and an exhaust air duct, the ERV being energized by a direct electrical connection to the heating and cooling system. The return air duct is operable to receive stale conditioned air from a conditioned air space while the controller is configured for controlling the ERV to transfer energy from the stale conditioned air to an outside air stream. A method of recovering energy with a heating and cooling system.
id-US9810463B2    abstract-An integrated air conditioning system includes an indirect outdoor air cooler having a first heat exchanger for passing through indoor air as warm air, a second heat exchanger for passing through outdoor air, and piping and a pump for circulating a fluid through the first heat exchanger and the second heat exchanger; an air conditioner having an evaporator, a compressor, and a condenser, for passing the indoor air to convert to cold air; a fan for passing the outdoor air through the second heat exchanger and the condenser; and a control device. The control device sets any mode from among a first mode for performing an individual operation of the indirect outdoor air cooler, a second mode for performing an individual operation of the air conditioner, or a third mode for performing a combined operation of the air conditioner and the indirect outdoor air cooler, to a current operation mode.
id-US11378300B2    abstract-An air conditioning unit includes a passage having a heat exchanger; a blower for blowing air through the passage; a blower motor driving the blower in response to a drive signal; an energy recovery ventilator (ERV), the blower drawing outside air from the ERV; and a controller for adjusting the drive signal in a ventilation mode to reduce power used by the blower motor.
id-US20180252487A1    abstract-An energy exchange system includes a supply flow path including a central sub-path connected to a bypass sub-path that is, in turn, connected to a delivery sub-path that connects to the enclosed structure. A sensible heat exchanger configured to condition the supply air is disposed within the central sub-path. The bypass sub-path connects to the central sub-path upstream from the sensible heat exchanger within the central sub-path. A first coil configured to further condition the supply air is disposed within the central sub-path downstream from the sensible heat exchanger. A bypass damper is disposed within the bypass sub-path. The bypass damper is configured to be selectively opened and closed. The bypass damper allows at least a portion of the supply air to pass through the bypass sub-path into the delivery sub-path and bypass the sensible heat exchanger and the first coil when the bypass damper is open.
id-WO2013131436A1    abstract-Heat recovery air conditioning unit, it is composed of the bellows, exhaust bellows, refrigeration system, distribution control system, the bellows to the outdoor fresh air treatment to the room, the exhaust bellows to the indoor dirty air discharged to the outside, the evaporator of the refrigeration system installed in the bellows, cooling inch, used to cool the air, heating inch, converted into a condenser, used to heat the air, The condenser of the refrigeration system is installed in the exhaust bellows, the cooling inch absorbs the cold amount of indoor air and outdoor air, the heating inch is converted into the evaporator, absorbs the heat of indoor air and outdoor air, therefore, the cold heat in the indoor exhaust air is recycled, the equipment can not only reheat the air treatment, but also realize the independent control of the air temperature and humidity. The energy saving effect is remarkable.
id-EP2821732A1    abstract-An object of the present invention is to provide an exhaust heat recovery system for suitably circulating refrigerants in an intermediate heat exchanger at the start of an exhaust heat recovery operation, and a method for operating the exhaust heat recovery system. There is provided an air-conditioning and hot water supply system 1 along with a method for operating the system 1 in which an air-conditioning refrigerant circuit 3 and a hot-water-supply refrigerant circuit 2 are thermally connected with each other via an intermediate heat exchanger 11; the air-conditioning refrigerant circuit 3 is equipped with a heat exchanger 32 on the air-conditioning heat source side arranged in parallel with the intermediate heat exchanger 11; and the hot-water-supply refrigerant circuit 2 is furnished with a heat exchanger 22 on the hot-water-supply use side arranged in parallel with the intermediate heat exchanger 11. At the start of an exhaust heat recovery operation in which the air-conditioning refrigerant circulating in the air-conditioning refrigerant circuit 3 releases the heat absorbed from an air-conditioning hot and cold water circuit 5 into the hot-water-supply refrigerant circulating in the hot-water-supply refrigerant circuit 2 via the intermediate heat exchanger 11, the inflow of the air-conditioning refrigerant into the heat exchanger 32 on the air-conditioning heat source side and the inflow of the hot-water-supply refrigerant into the heat exchanger 22 on the hot-water-supply use side are limited.
id-WO2013144441A1    abstract-The building engineering system comprises heat storage (302); refrigeration equipment (212) having carbon dioxide as refrigerant and comprising an evaporator part (208), expansion valve part (206), compressor part (210) and condenser part (104); a pipe system (108) for circulating the refrigerant in said refrigeration equipment (212); a heat exchanger (202) connected in connection with the condenser part (104) to transfer heat off the refrigeration equipment (212) to the heat storage (302); a supercooler part (200) connected to the pipe system (108) between the condenser part (104) and the expansion valve part (206); an additional heat exchanger part (300) connected to the pipe system (108) in parallel with said evaporator part (208) and expansion valve part (206) to allow heat to be transferred from the additional heat exchanger part (300) to the refrigerant of the pipe system (108) and further to the heat exchanger (202); and a heat transfer pipe system (450) arranged to connect the supercooler part (200), the additional heat exchanger part (300) and at least one other part (204) of the building engineering system to allow heat to be transferred from the supercooler part (200) to the additional heat exchanger part (300) and/or at least one other part (204) of the building engineering system by means of heat carrier in the heat transfer pipe system (450).
id-US10352629B2    abstract-The present invention relates to a heat exchange element in which unit constituent members, each of which includes a partition member that has a heat-transfer property and a moisture permeability and a spacing member that holds the partition member with a predetermined spacing, are stacked and in which a primary air flow that passes along an upper surface side of the partition member and a secondary air flow that passes along an undersurface side of the partition member and crosses the primary air flow exchange heat and moisture through the partition member, wherein a detachment suppressing rib is provided on the opposite side of the spacing member when viewed from the partition member at a bonded portion between the partition member and the spacing member, and the partition member is sandwiched by the spacing member and the detachment suppressing rib.
id-WO2013157246A1    abstract-In the heat exchange ventilation device (1), the heat exchange element part (11) is arranged at the position where the supply air blower path (6) and the exhaust air blower path (7) intersect. In addition, the heat exchange type ventilation device (1) has a wind path shielding part (12), a indoor humidity measuring part (13) and a control part (28). If the value of indoor humidity measurement part 13 exceeds the first specified value, the control part 28 has the exhaust operation mode that reduces the introduction of external air (24) into the heat exchange element part 11.
id-US9903669B2    abstract-Provided is a heat exchange element that suppresses an increase in air-flow resistance by suppressing deflection of a partition member caused by a change in temperature and humidity. The unit constituent members are stacked, each of which is formed of partition members that have heat-transfer properties and moisture permeability, and spacing members that hold the partition members. A primary air flow that passes along an upper-surface side of the partition member and a secondary air flow that passes along an undersurface side of the partition member cross each other so as to exchange heat and moisture via the partition member. The spacing member includes: spacing ribs that maintain the spacing between the partition members; and deflection suppressing ribs that have a height smaller than the spacing ribs so as to suppress deflection of the partition members.
id-US9182137B1    abstract-A low profile, high volume window fan has a large air filter mounted horizontally therein. The fan is enclosed in a rectangular box-like frame having a sloped top cover. The front section includes a squirrel cage blower, a front louvered section for directing the flow of air into the room, and a horizontally opening door for controlling the flow of air through the fan from either the outside air or the inside air, and for the insertion of the filter therein. The bottom surface includes an external opening for outside air. A double plenum is provided within the frame with the filter dividing the two plenums. When the door is closed, outside air is forced to flow into the second plenum, being in the bottom of the frame and under the filter and through the filter. When the door is opened, interior air is then filtered and circulated.
id-WO2013171677A3    abstract-The invention involved a ventilation framework as well as labor or assembly procedures that could solve many difficulties. The frame (RLG) is equipped with a gas tank (10a), and the vertical part (L) of the shape behaves better than the transverse or low-end part (Q, T). The surface of the housing (12) is divided into three sections, with a strip (12a), designed and trained to build the inner section on both sides of the lid (2). At the same time, another strip (12b,12c) is designed on the surface of the housing, with two built-in travelling devices (12b), two built-in travelling devices (12b), and two built-in travelling devices (7,9). Only in the remaining function bars (12 (c), the internal bars are removable steel plates (13) that can be audited. The inner block of the house (10a) has two water routes (a, b), both of which are controlled by a thermal energy cycle (20), and each water channel has a dumping device (30a, 30b).
id-US20130306282A1    abstract-This invention provides a heat exchanger ( 2 ) which has an elongate heat exchange element ( 4 ). The heat exchange element ( 4 ) has a substantially cylindrical structure with a first end and a second end and the length of the element ( 4 ) is greater than the diameter. A plurality of elongate flow paths extend between the first end and the second end. A first inlet ( 8 ) and a second outlet ( 14 ) are disposed in the first end and a first outlet ( 10 ) and a second inlet ( 12 ) are disposed in the second end. The first inlet ( 8 ) and first outlet ( 10 ) define a first flow path and the second inlet ( 12 ) and second outlet ( 14 ) define a second flow path. The heat exchanger is provided with a motor ( 16, 18 ) for rotating the cylindrical structure and the rotation of the cylindrical structure ( 4 ) moves the elongate flow paths from the first flow path to the second flow path.
id-WO2013171676A3    abstract-This invention will be run in disguise, not stand out alone. Especially in this configuration, 10 or 10 fuel conveyors and electrical components are required to be replaced in the internal state of the ventilation unit. But the ventilation equipment is still small, so there is no extra room for maintenance. This reduces the number of rooms that can cheat 75 rows of lanterns, so that the ventilation can be sealed so that it is adjacent to blind spot 2. The ability to search (maintain) is necessary only in enclosed Spaces. But the effect is as follows: 10, 10, 10 Locking a person above a window or door ventilation device 10 has a built-in 10a, and two b water flow pipes contained in the oxidation pool 20 Each water flow inner resistance contains resistance 30a, 30b. The shell of 12 Flachseite 10a 3 features Streifenabschnitte definitions, and the first Streifenabschnitt 12a Montagestreifen presents a Stirnflache 2a Festrahmens 2 Training programs and the second Funktionsstreifen 12b Außenstreifen two Spaces were designed at the time of beabstandete Stromungsoffnungen 790. The third Funktionsstreifen 12c framework serves as Innenstreifen. In the third 12c panel, it is expected that there will be a No. 13 detachable platform for human inspection in order to obtain at least 30a, 30b exhaust equipment and 20 electrical parts.
id-WO2013168772A1    abstract-The multilayer total heat exchange element 50 consists of a multilayer laminate 11, a first interval holding material 21 forming the first flow path 1 between the laminate, and a second interval holding material 22 forming the second flow path 2 between the laminate. The first channel is formed so that the fluid can pass from one side to the other side of the multilayer heating exchange element, and the second channel is formed so that the fluid can pass from the other side to the other side of the multilayer heating exchange element, and the first channel is connected to one side and the product A third channel 3 is formed that extends roughly parallel to the laminate direction, and the third channel 3 is connected to the second channel on the other side to form a fourth channel 4 that extends roughly parallel to the laminate direction.
id-WO2013180335A1    abstract-The invention relates to a high-efficiency heat exchange device and its manufacturing method, wherein an EL pad (30) is arranged between a segment plate (10) and another segment plate to block the upper and right corners of the segment plate and a V groove part formed on the upper and left sides of the el pad; El pad against the bottom compartment plate (10) deployed between bone plate (20) (40) brush touches the left edge formed by seal with inlet (1A 1 1) and the internal space formed (1AR suction chamber) and 1, you inhale side of home plate formed by each longitudinal intake and 1 of the heat exchange euros (1AB) flue outlet (for example) and 1, the main exit; Between the first inlet (1A) and the first inlet chamber (1AR) above, the first outlet (1B) and the adjacent segway plate and another segway plate, place the EL pad (30) so that the lower and left corners of the segway plate are blocked, and the V (V) groove formed on the lower and left sides of the EL pad; A second inlet chamber (2A) and its inner space, the second inlet chamber (2AR), formed by sealing with sealant (40) on the left and right edges of the annular bone plate (20) of the segmental joints placed closely on the top of the EL pad, Second bone plates to the suction chamber award each longitudinal, type ii and flue suction outlet of the heat exchange euros (2AB) a second outlet (2B) bone plate column cell-based hex element formed on the upper part (1) nested columns formed hex element group (metres) respectively arranged right transfer by way of flow by exchange euros (1AB; 2AB) compared with the equivalent heat exchange device of heat exchange area and high thermal energy recovery rate, high-efficiency heat exchanger usefully as a sucker It is an invention designed to be applied.
id-WO2013178409A1    abstract-Ventilation, heating and cooling equipment and air energy production require different equipment. The task of each device is to achieve as many functions as possible through a single device. The invention therefore comprises a heating switch with an air smooth switch arranged in an air conditioning chamber with four conduit devices. The flight equipment divided the air control module into two subdivisions, one subdivision and two subdivisions, one subdivision and one subdivision leading to the first subdivision, the third subdivision and the fourth subdivision respectively. The first seat, the first heat exchanger is divided into a second sub-chamber, which is also divided into two sub-chambers, which are connected together by a built-in air flow device. On the other hand, the thermal agents that provide power are divided into two groups.
id-WO2013181380A2    abstract-A low RPM permanent magnet generator mounted over the exhaust port of a HVAC condenser provides a direct drive generator that allows low cogging and low startup resistance to effectively produce electricity at low wind speeds.
id-WO2013181815A1    abstract-The utility model relates to an energy-saving cabinet air conditioner, which comprises a steam compression refrigeration system, a heat pipe heat exchange system and electrical components, a steam compression refrigeration system comprises a compressor, an evaporator and a condenser, a heat pipe heat exchange system comprises an evaporation end and a condensing end, and the evaporation end of the heat pipe heat exchange system is a parallel flow heat exchange structure, a tube belt heat exchange structure or a tube sheet heat exchange structure. The condensing end of the heat pipe heat exchange system is a parallel flow heat exchange structure, a tube belt heat exchange structure or a tube sheet heat exchange structure. The electrical component chooses to run one of the steam compression refrigeration system and the heat pipe heat exchange system or run at the same time for heat transfer according to the detection and judgment of the temperature inside and outside the closed space of the cabinet that needs to be cooled.
id-EP2674687A2    abstract-The present invention relates to building engineering and heating, plumbing, ventilation and electrical engineering and ventilation technology, and particularly to ventilation systems as well as heat recovery units for ventilation equipment. The ventilation equipment (6) according to the invention, which comprises a heat recovery unit, an outside air fitting (8), a supply air fitting, an extract air fitting (7) and an exhaust air fitting, is characterized in that the ventilation equipment (6) comprises a condensation element (11) arranged in connection with the extract air fitting (7), the condensation element (11) being hollow on the inside and appropriately arranged in an extract air chamber provided in connection with the extract air fitting (7) such that an outside air flow is supplied into the condensation element (11) from an outside air chamber provided in connection with the outside air fitting (8). Owing to the solution according to the invention, the heat recovery unit for ventilation equipment does not collect humidity and does not freeze.
id-WO2014017040A1    abstract-The heat exchange element consists of an exhaust unit forming a plurality of exhaust channels and an air supply unit forming a plurality of exhaust channels by providing an interval holding unit (13a, 13b) and multiple air supply ribs (13c) on the heat transfer plate (16). In addition, the exhaust flow and the air supply (5) are orthogonal or oblique at both ends (30) of the exhaust and the air supply (15), and are opposite at the center (31). Then, in multiple supply channels (15), the supply channel (15g) closest to the inlet of the exhaust flow is set as a closed space.
id-US20160194832A1    abstract-Provided is a multilayered structure comprising at least one fine cellulose fiber nonwoven fabric layer made of a fine cellulose fiber, wherein the multilayered structure is characterized in that the mean fiber diameter of the fine cellulose fiber forming the fine cellulose fiber non-woven fabric layer is 0.005 to 0.5 μm, and the mean thickness of the multilayered structure is 10 to 200 μm, the density thereof is 0.10 to 0.90 g/cm 3 , and the permeability resistance thereof is 2000 s/100 ml or more. Also provided are an energy recovery ventilation sheet made of this multilayered structure, an energy recovery ventilation element using this energy recovery ventilation sheet as a partitioning material for partitioning two types of air flow of different temperature and/or humidity, and a energy recovery ventilator using this energy recovery ventilation element.
id-WO2014009688A3    abstract-A passive ventilation and/ or humidity control unit for an enclosure, the unit comprising: at least one extract circuit through which extract air can be drawn from said enclosure to an extract outlet; at least one supply circuit through which supply air can be drawn into the enclosure from a supply inlet to a supply outlet; and a roof mounting component, wherein the extract outlet is adapted to facilitate a Venturi effect on said extract circuit, and wherein the (or each) supply outlet is arranged relative to said roof mounting component to dispense a supply air stream proximal to a ceiling of the enclosure to create a Coanda effect with said ceiling of said enclosure.
id-US20140041833A1    abstract-A heat and moisture transfer system may include a flexible heat and moisture exchanger in fluid communication with an environment control unit and an enclosed space. The flexible heat and moisture exchanger may include at least one flexible water vapor-permeable membrane, and may be configured to pass air streams simultaneously in different directions in adjacent subchannels formed by the membrane.
id-WO2014029164A1    abstract-An integrated ventilation heat exchange module wall comprises a frame, a sandwich insulation board and a gas heat exchange core; The inner lower part of the wall is the exhaust port (8), and the upper part is the fresh air port (6); The lower part of the outer wall is the fresh air input port (3), and the upper part is the exhaust air output port (11). Ventilation ducts are arranged on the outside of the wall. An air exchange method for the wall of an integrated ventilation heat exchange module is also provided, and the indoor air is discharged down and supplied up by the shaft effect without energy consumption heat exchange. This kind of wall has the advantages of convenient standardized production, saving production cost and benefiting energy recovery.
id-WO2014020246A1    abstract-A dual-flow centralized mechanical ventilation device for a closed living space comprising - an air purifying chamber (1) containing an external air inlet (2) and an internal air inlet (3) and an internal air outlet (4) and an external air outlet (5); A heat exchanger (6); Indoor and outdoor air filtration system (9); And a ventilation system (10) comprising an engine: the device is characterized in that the device further includes - a tri-sensor probe (8) positioned inside the closed living space and connected to the air purifying chamber (1) for real-time measurement of the concentration of nitrogen dioxide (N02), carbon monoxide (CO) and volatile organic compounds (voc) inside the closed living space; - at least one external N02 probe (12) positioned at an external air inlet (20) in the closed living space and connected to the air purifying chamber (1) in order to measure in real time the concentration of N02 outside the closed living space; And - an automated system for opening/closing two valves (15, 16) positioned respectively at the inlet (20) and outlet (50) of the outside air of the air purifier chamber (1), the release threshold of which is a function of the indoor and outdoor air quality measured by the indoor tri-sensor probe (8) and the outdoor probe (12). The invention also relates to a method for automating ambient air purification in a closed living space by controlling indoor and outdoor air quality using a device of the invention.
id-US20140041830A1    abstract-Systems, apparatus and methods that may be used to integrate a heat and moisture exchange system with the heating, ventilation and air conditioning system of a building or other enclosed space, without requiring installation within the walls or other structural portions of the building.
id-US10208979B2    abstract-An apparatus includes a core configured for use in an energy exchanger. The core includes a plurality of stacked and spaced planar plate pairs including a top plate and a bottom plate to support fluid flow of a first fluid flow and a second fluid flow. A plurality of dimples is provided by instances of the plate pairs. The plurality of dimples are arranged to generate substantially counter current flow between the first fluid flow and the second fluid flow.
id-US20140083648A1    abstract-A Dedicated Outdoor Air System (DOAS) includes a heater configured to be disposed within a supply air flow path, at least one pre-heater configured to be upstream from the heat exchanger within one or both of the supply and exhaust air flow paths, and a heat transfer device operatively connected to the heater and the pre-heater. The heat transfer device is configured to receive flue gas from the heater and transfer heat from the flue gas to liquid within the heat transfer device. The liquid is configured to be channeled to the pre-heater so that heat is transferred from the liquid to supply air within the supply air flow path.
id-US9921010B2    abstract-Partitioning member ( 1 ) for total heat exchange element includes porous base material ( 2 ), and porous base material ( 2 ) is filled with hydrophilic polymer compound ( 3 ) at a surface and an inside thereof. Hydrophilic polymer compound ( 3 ) is formed by polymerizing a low-molecular-weight organic compound having a quaternary ammonium group and an amide group, and represented by chemical formula (1):                                                                                                                   wherein A is a linear or branched alkylene group having 1 to 10 carbon atoms; R1, R2 and R3 are linear or branched alkyl groups each independently having 1 to 8 carbon atoms; and Y has a polymerizable functional group, and is polymerized to form a main chain of the hydrophilic polymer compound.
id-US20150253024A1    abstract-A controller includes an acquiring section and a determining section. The acquiring section acquires information outdoor temperature, target space temperature in the target space, and set temperature of the air conditioner. The determining section determines that the outdoor air introducing operation is to be performed when the air conditioner consumed energy reduction amount is greater than the ventilation apparatus consumed energy amount in a case where the outdoor temperature, the target space temperature, and the set temperature satisfy predetermined conditions. The controller preferably includes a calculating section which calculates an air conditioner consumed power reduction amount and a ventilation apparatus consumed power amount which is consumed by the ventilation apparatus in a case where outdoor air cooling or outdoor air heating is performed.
id-WO2014050072A1    abstract-The heat exchange air device (1) with supply air path (28) and exhaust air path (29) has a dust sensor (8a, 8b) with a light receiving part and a light emitting part to detect floating particles through the reflection of light, and a sensor storage part (9a, 9b). The sensor storage section (9a and 9b) is set facing the supply path 28 and the exhaust path 29, and has a shutter (10a and 10b) that opens and closes on the boundary between the supply path 28 and the exhaust path 29.
id-EP2706305A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a heat recovery unit for controlled mechanical ventilation systems formed by a casing (1) internally housing a heat exchanger and having at the ends openings (9) between which two circulation circuits for the circulation of airflows are established which are connected to but not mixed with one another in the heat exchanger, in each of the openings (9) the casing (1) having housings (8) which open to the exterior, where air cleaning filters can be inserted and removed, allowing selectively determining the openings (9) intended for acting as the inlets of the inner circulation circuits for the circulation of airflows passing through the heat exchanger.
id-WO2014050053A1    abstract-The heat exchanger ventilation device (1) has an external air intake port (2), an indoor air outlet, an external air intake port (4) and an indoor air intake port (5). The main body (1a) has an internal air intake port (6), an internal air outlet (7) and a fan motor (43). The above heat exchange element section (11) is arranged. The heat exchange type ventilation device (1) has an interior case (12), which holds the fan motor part 43 and the heat exchange element part 11, and an exterior case (13), which covers the outside of the interior case (12).
id-US9841208B2    abstract-A heat and energy recovery ventilation unit for a building, having an inside and an outside. The unit including a main body having a fresh air inlet and an indoor air outlet on one side and a fresh air outlet and an indoor air inlet on the other side and having an air to air heat exchanger within the main body and connected to each of said inlets and outlets to define respective air flow passageways for each of said indoor air and said fresh air, the heat exchanger permitting heat and energy exchange between said indoor air and said fresh air. Also included is a first variable speed blower and a second variable speed blower and at least one electronic air flow sensor to measure at least one of the air flows the air flow sensor producing at least one electronic signal related to the sensed air flow. Also included is a controller for receiving the data signal, the controller using the data signal to control at least one of the variable speed blowers to provide a balanced fresh air inflow and indoor air outflow through the ventilation unit. A method of operating the unit is also disclosed.
id-US9664405B2    abstract-An energy recovery ventilator control system is operable to be energized by electrical connection to a heating and cooling system including a thermostat/humidistat in fluid communication with each of an intake air duct and an exhaust air duct. The energy recovery ventilator control system is operable to regulate air temperature and humidity within a building using a temperate and humidity control scheme.
id-WO2014096587A1    abstract-The invention relates to a method of hot cooling of the air blown from a dwelling (100), characterized in that it consists of cooling the incoming air from a double-flow controlled mechanical ventilation (200) by recovering the frigories or negative calories contained in the cooled air from the evaporator of a thermodynamic water heater over extracted air (300). The invention also relates to a device for implementing said method and a method for operating such a device. Applications: ventilation of houses.
id-WO2014071466A1    abstract-Process for treating hygienic extracted air from a building (9), in which at least a portion of hygienic extracted air is sent to the evaporator (3) of a heat pump (13).
