id-US20170336150A1    abstract-The application relates to a ventilation device adapted to alternately direct a first and a second airflow to a first and a second heat-absorbing body in order to achieve a heat transfer between the two airflows. The device comprises a first and a second integral connection element adapted to allow communication with the first and the second heat-absorbing body, and a third and a fourth integral connection element adapted to allow conduction of the first and the second airflow to and/or from the device. The device further comprises an airflow control arrangement connected with the integral connection elements via control arrangement openings and adapted to alternately direct the airflows to the respective integral connection elements
id-WO2010085197A2    abstract-The invention relates to an Air Handling Unit (AHU) that combines a centrifugal plenum fan, a flow straightening structure with a rotary heat exchanger of an optimised surface area that is tilted. This improves the ratio of flow rate to unit height over prior art designs, whilst maintaining the energy usage/ energy recovery and noise levels seen in traditional AHUs providing the same delivery flow and pressure. The invention also optimises the serviceability and access to the unit's filters and fans when the unit is placed in confined spaces.
id-WO2010076574A3    abstract-In a first aspect of the present invention there is provided a heat exchange module, the module comprising: a first fluid inlet and a first fluid outlet, the first fluid inlet and first fluid outlet being provided in fluid communication with one another by means of a plurality of tube elements of the module; and a second fluid inlet and a second fluid outlet, the second fluid inlet and second fluid outlet being provided in fluid communication with one another, wherein the module is arranged whereby an outer surface of each of the plurality of tube elements is exposed to fluid flowing between the second fluid inlet and second fluid outlet whereby heat may be exchanged between respective fluids flowing between the respective fluid inlets and fluid outlets.
id-US8790540B2    abstract-A transportable PCM (phase change material) module comprises a number of PCM packs; a housing for thermally insulting said number of PCM packs from a module's surrounding medium; spaces separating said packs and forming one or more channels for the flow of a fluid; said housing incorporating a fluid inlet and a fluid outlet; whereby, in use, fluid flows through said channels from said inlet to said outlet. A PCM (phase change material) pack comprises a laminate of a first conducting panel and a second conducting panel enclosing a portion formed primarily of PCM; wherein said portion of PCM incorporates thermal conductors. A PCM (phase change material pack) comprises an envelope of relatively highly thermally conductive material enclosing a portion formed primarily of PCM; wherein said PCM portion incorporates a conductive compound mixed into said PCM which comprises carbon black particles.
id-US20120037342A1    abstract-A fluid conditioning arrangement comprises a primary heat exchanger configured to cool and/or heat the fluid; a secondary heat exchanger configured to cool and/or heat the fluid; and a controller for operating said secondary heat exchanger when said primary heat exchanger fails to cool and/or heat the fluid at a predetermined acceptablelevel; wherein said primary heat exchanger is a phase change material (PCM) based heat exchanger.
id-US7878236B1    abstract-In an HVAC system in which ambient air is supplied by the system to a building through an ambient air intake airstream and is exhausted from the building through an exhaust airstream energy is conserved by transferring heat between the intake airstream and the exhaust airstream. A heat exchange fluid is circulated between heat exchangers located in the intake airstream and in the exhaust airstream. An air turbine is placed in the exhaust airstream for being driven by the exhaust airstream, and the air turbine is coupled with a pump arranged to circulate the heat exchange fluid between the heat exchangers such that upon being driven by the exhaust airstream, the air turbine, in turn, drives the pump to circulate the heat exchange fluid between the heat exchangers and thereby effects the transfer of heat from one to the other of the intake airstream and the exhaust airstream and a concomitant conservation of energy in the HVAC system.
id-WO2010090017A1    abstract-The heat exchange device of the present invention has a main case with the first intake port and the first discharge port for the first environment on the front and the second intake port and the second discharge port for the second environment on the back, a fan for the first environment and the main case arranged in the main case It is equipped with a heat exchanger for heat exchange between the air of the first environment and the air of the second environment. The first environment air inlet and the second environment air inlet are respectively provided on two opposite sides, and the first environment air outlet and the second environment air outlet are respectively provided on the other side. The air inlet for the first environment is facing the fan, and the chamber is formed between the air inlet for the second environment and the air inlet for the second environment.
id-EP2219000A3    abstract-The recuperator's section for the intake and exhaust ventilation centre. The section has an outlet opening and at least one inlet opening for fresh air (the openings are located on the same side of the vertical axis of the section) and an outlet opening and at least one inlet opening for exhaust air (the openings are located on the opposite side of the vertical axis of the section). The section has also the recuperator's plates positioned perpendicularly with regard to the longitudinal axis of the ventilation centre. The section is characterized by the following: It has at least one pair of segments (5) that are arranged parallely. The inlet-outlet openings of a pair of segments (5) are connected to the space of the lower collector (6) or the upper collector (7). The collectors (6 and 7) are frontally closed on one side. On the other side the collectors are connected through sleeves (12 and 13) with the openings in partitions (14 and 15) of section (1) while the spaces (19, 22), limited by external walls of section (1) and partition (20), form two collectors for the openings of segments (5) that are not housed by collectors (6) and (7). Additionally, each lower collector (6) is mounted on the frame with brackets (10) on which the lower, external edges of the external segments (5) are based.
id-WO2010102606A1    abstract-In the air conditioning system of an air supply system, a circulating system with an energy regulating device has two heat sharers (LWT AB1) in the flow rate (LWT 1,LWT 2). In order to increase the energy consumption, two thermal drivers (w1 and w2) devices were designed to automatically replace the two thermal drivers (LWT zui, LWT ZU2 and LWT AB1). The first one starts all the thermal substitutes in a circulatory system (lw1, LWT ZU2, LWT AB1). Otherwise, the ventilation flow (wwt ZU1) and the air heat source (LWT AB1) act as a heat sharer (wwt ZU2) and share another air heat source (LWT ZU2) in a separate transport cycle (wwt ZU2).
id-WO2010104427A1    abstract-The present invention relates to an air cleaning and heating system for a building having several rooms (I-VI) to be heated, said system comprises an air heater (1), means (12) for passing air through said air heater, channels (2, 3-8) for leading heated air from the air heater to each said room in said building, a mixing chamber (11) for mixing of air from inside the building and air from outside the building, said chamber being in connection with a channel leading air through said air heater, a channel (14) leading from means (15) for intake of air from outside of the building and having an outlet (13) in said mixing chamber, and means (9, 10) for leading used air to the outside of the building. According to the invention the outlet (13) for air from outside the building in said mixing chamber (11) is directed in a direction parallel to the flow direction of the air from the inside of the building in said mixing chamber, and a HEPA filter (18) is disposed in an inlet of a channel (17) leading from inside of the building to said mixing chamber.
id-WO2010109662A1    abstract-The air supply channel, in which the air supply blower intakes the outdoor air from the outdoor intake port and feeds the air into the room through the air supply heat exchange channel of the heat exchanger; and the air supply channel, in which the air supply blower intakes the indoor air from the indoor intake port of the heat exchanger; and the air supply channel, in which the air supply blower intakes the indoor air from the indoor intake port of the heat exchanger. In the heat exchange ventilation device formed in the casing, an exhaust path is arranged in the center of the casing to house the air discharged from the supply or exhaust blower. A blowout chamber is provided, which has a reservoir part facing the heat exchanger and an outlet part continuously expanding its width toward the heat exchanger in a bell-like manner.
id-EP2426426A1    abstract-A casing for an air supply fan is divided into a casing (301) and a casing (302), and a casing for an exhaust fan is divided into a casing (401) and a casing (402). The casing (301) and the casing (401) have the same shape and so do the casing (302) and the casing (402). A projection (302a) provided on the casing (302) and a projection (402a) provided on the casing (402) are superposed over each other with opposed principal surfaces thereof in surface contact with each other.
id-WO2010120122A2    abstract-Case internal deployment and the heat transfer characteristics, heat transfer characteristics of multiple supply within the euro supply supercharger floors containing between liner on two of revenge and laminated, and exhaust exhaust containing layer, the euro area of internal exhaust bulkhead and supply floors including bulkhead of curves provide air exchanger with the air route. The air exchanger has a bulkhead inside to divide the space, so there is no resting area, and it is effective in maintaining temperature and humidity in the room by increasing the efficiency of the heat transfer device function, and ultimately saving energy.
id-WO2010137869A2    abstract-The present invention relates to a ventilating device. In more detail, the invention relates to a humidifying unit with improved humidifying efficiency and increased durability and a ventilating device thereof.
id-WO2010137867A2    abstract-The present invention relates to a ventilating device and its control method. In more detail, the invention relates to a ventilating device containing a humidifying unit equipped with antibacterial function and its control method.
id-EP2256267A1    abstract-Requires the installation of anti-gas equipment (4) for high energy ventilation, heating and/or cooling registers (13.14) for air ventilation treatment; At least in the separation device (12) equipped with an air control device (16); And the control device (11). This ventilation to separate the entire building is controlled by a glass wall structure (4) and a ventilation tower so that the heat inhaled by the air is separated in every two separation processes (4). Technology is also in technology. Spend most of the day based on the building's high temperatures, dawn... The floors on both sides of the house will be recycled to cool the lower building.
id-WO2011004025A1    abstract-The invention relates to a heating, ventilating, air conditioning and heat recovery system comprising various combination of the following modules: - fan module (supply fan); - hot water/chilled water module; - mixing box module; - heat recovery (HRV) EC fan module; - heat recovery (HRV) core module (the heat recovery core module including heat exchanger); - heat pump coil module; - PLC controller housed in a control panel together with transformer, circuit breakers, relays and wiring; - hot water coils capable of using chilled water also with built-in drain pan; and heat pump coils.
id-US20120216554A1    abstract-An intelligent energy-saving air conditioner includes a control device ( 1 ), a heat-exchange circulation system ( 2 ), a refrigerating system ( 3 ), and an inner air blower ( 41 ) and outer air blower ( 42 ) both are shared by the heat-exchange circulation system ( 2 ) and the refrigerating system ( 3 ). The control device ( 1 ) includes a temperature collecting and comparing unit and a control unit. The heat-exchange circulation system ( 2 ) includes a first heat exchanger ( 21 ) and a second heat exchanger ( 22 ) separately arranged from each other, and heat-exchange circulation pipes ( 24 ) connecting the first and second heat exchangers ( 21 ), ( 22 ). The refrigerating system ( 3 ) includes an evaporator ( 31 ), a condenser ( 32 ), a compressor ( 33 ) and refrigerating circulation pipes ( 34 ) connecting the evaporator ( 31 ), the condenser ( 32 ) and the compressor ( 33 ). The first heat exchanger ( 21 ) and the evaporator ( 31 ) are arranged close to each other and share the inner air blower ( 41 ), and the second heat exchanger ( 22 ) and the condenser ( 32 ) are arranged close to each other and share the outer air blower ( 42 ).
id-US7999407B2    abstract-An apparatus in the form of a transfer unit for transferring exhaust air from the condenser unit of an air conditioning system to an air fan turbine for driving it. The transfer unit includes a plastic, sound absorbing cover shroud for covering the exhaust fan of the condenser unit; a flexible air hose or duct having a first end connected to the cover shroud and a second end for connecting to the intake end of an air fan turbine. The air fan turbine has an intake end, a fan, and an exhaust end, wherein the second end of the air hose is connected to the intake end of the air fan turbine. The transfer unit also includes wiring connected to the output of the air fan turbine for transferring electricity produced by the air fan turbine to an electric storage collector and meter for collecting, storing, measuring, and using the electric energy produced. Also, an inverter may be connected between the air fan turbine and the electric storage collector.
id-EP2306108B1    abstract-An arrangement for ventilating one or more rooms in a building comprises a casing (7) having at least four openings arranged on the same side (12) thereof for conducting exhaust air from the rooms of the building as well as supply air from the exterior to said rooms of the building through a rotary heat exchanger (26) arranged inside said casing. Fan members (21, 23) are arranged inside said casing for creating air flows through the casing. Means (3) are configured to direct a flow of supply air from a first said fan member (21) in substantially one direction. Members (38, 39) of sound absorbing material defines a channel (37) extending from this first fan member to an outlet opening (15) of the casing.
id-WO2011034277A2    abstract-Indoor moisture absorption and outdoor instrument, indoor outdoor intake, exhaust exhaust body formed the housing to recall, recall from inside the body housing indoor outdoor exhaust formed between the organization for economic cooperation and moisture absorption and flies in the face of no. 1 euro 1 blower fans and remind, in the interior of the housing body above outdoor formed between instrument and the indoor exhaust intake deployed in euro ii, with the second fan fan Reminder 1 euro is through the first field and reminder 2 euros is deployed to the area through rotating open and lysozyme and total heat exchanger, fan fan 1 above, the ministry of health and the work, and connected to the suction of airflow direction in euro 1 above is based on cross-sectional narrowing of the no. 1 open covering, and covering 1 above, the ministry of health and the work of the ministry of agriculture, the sectional cross-sectional areas have the client responds, A full heat exchange ventilation unit is provided which includes a filter box with a cross-sectional area widening along the direction of air flow in the first passage above.
id-US20120260689A1    abstract-The invention relates to a device for controlling the climate in a greenhouse, comprising a first heat exchanger ( 7 ) with a first series of channels ( 7   a ) and a second series of channels ( 7   b ), greenhouse supply means ( 1 ) leading from the greenhouse to the first series of channels, outside supply means ( 5 ) leading from outside to the second series of channels, greenhouse discharge means ( 4 ) leading from the device to the greenhouse and outside discharge means ( 6 ) leading from the device to the outside, wherein the greenhouse discharge means connect to the first series of channels and the outside discharge means connect to the second series of channels. The air is hereby retained in the greenhouse without supply of new air, while the temperature of the air in the greenhouse can be adjusted while maintaining a separation between greenhouse air and outside air.
id-US20130174730A1    abstract-An energy recovery ventilator system includes a belt partially located in each of a first chamber and a second chamber. First and second desiccant units are positioned on the belt. At least some of the first desiccant units are in the first chamber at a first relative humidity, causing air received in the first chamber to achieve a first air humidity. At least some of the second desiccant units are in the second chamber at a second relative humidity, the second relative humidity being caused by the air received in the first chamber. The second relative humidity is modified to the first relative humidity by air passing through the second chamber, the air achieving a second air humidity. A controller causes the belt to move second desiccant units from the second chamber to the first chamber when the first air humidity fails to comply with a specific air humidity.
id-WO2011042192A2    abstract-This invention enables buildings and other structures to be self-sufficient in their service to humans.
id-WO2011042126A1    abstract-Involves the invention of the Klimagerat with at least one air/Luft-Plattenwarmeubertrager travel in one direction after the air is filled with cooling air/Luft-Plattenwarmeubertrager Zuluft Gebaudeinneren trains and sails from the air/Luft-Plattenwarmeubertrager are and/or opposite the direction of the building of Abluft filled with some warmth, air exchange, and will Fortluft acquired at the same time in Abluft especially hanging Abluft Zwischenraumen Air / The Luft-Plattenwarmeubertragers paint on the water to cool the Abluft and will hang the air exchange record while the air/water from the Spruhdusen escapes instead of verdunstete below the Luft-Plattenwarmeubertragers And the cycle catches the Spruhdusen dead, while stopping the cycle of water and water/Luft- Warmeubertrager snaps, before the air/air thermal drive passes through the air/air thermal drive before the air/air thermal drive cools the air/air thermal drive after the outgoing water cools the air/air thermal drive before the water cools back into the cycle.
id-WO2011040831A1    abstract-The invention relates to air-conditioning devices. The technical result of the invention is the reduction of energy consumption for air conditioning in conditioned volumes, while increasing environmental safety. The air-conditioning unit includes a vapour compression refrigeration unit with a condenser cooled by a mixture of ambient and exhaust air, injected by a fan, evaporator and hypocooler, and an air/exhaust mixing unit. The air supply line contains a fan and passes through the evaporator. The exhaust air line contains a fan and passes through the capacitor and cooler. The moisture remover shall be installed on the dilution air line after the evaporator. The exhaust air supply lines are equipped with filters. The unit is equipped with a recirculation line connecting the exhaust air line after the exhaust fan line and the dilution air line before the input air filter. In another version of the invention, the unit is equipped with a evaporative heat exchanger, the first cavity of which is located in the air supply line in front of the evaporator and the second cavity in the air supply line, the first moisture remover located in the air supply line after the evaporator, the humidifier and the moisture supply remover located in the air supply line before and after the air supply line respectively.
id-WO2011052904A2    abstract-본 invention of indoor and outdoor air temperature and humidity sensing detection of temperature and humidity indoor and outdoor from information through calculation and compare the size of the enthalpy heat exchange and outdoor cooling modes to selectively operating control of temperature and humidity of indoor environment by pleasant can also be adjusted to the state on the ventilation system and the control method of total heat exchanger. The main invention to realize, the first exhaust chamber (30) and the second exhaust chamber (40); First air supply room (10) and second air supply room (20); A heat exchanger (50) in which heat exchange is made between the indoor air entering the second exhaust room (40) from the above first supply room (30) and the outdoor air entering the second supply room (20) from the above first supply room (10); A bypass pipe (60) forming an air channel so that outdoor air enters the room directly without going through the above heat exchanger (50) during outdoor cooling; No. 1 temperature sensor (31) and No. 1 humidity sensor (33) to detect the temperature and humidity of the above indoor air; 상기 detects a temperature and humidity of outdoor air temperature sensor (11) and type ii ii, which remind 습도센서 (13); and the indoor air and outdoor air temperature and humidity of the indoor air and outdoor air relative to output and the size of the enthalpy foregoing mutually, compared to control the inflow of outdoor air control; (7) to include features.
id-US8952296B2    abstract-The invention relates to an interior lining for vehicles and aircraft having a carrier and a heating layer and an upper layer, wherein the at least one heating layer is arranged between the carrier and the upper layer, and the heating layer and the upper layer are directly or indirectly interconnected, and to a method for producing such an interior lining, wherein at least one heating layer is pre-laminated onto an upper layer to form a layer composite, and the layer composite is press-laminated, membrane-laminated or vacuum-laminated onto a carrier, or alternatively, in order to produce such an interior lining, a heating layer is pre-laminated onto a carrier to form a carrier/layer composite, and an upper layer is press-laminated, membrane-laminated or vacuum-laminated onto the carrier/layer composite.
id-EP2317237A1    abstract-Sustainable Economical ventilation systems Indoor ventilation systems save up to 20% of heating costs although energy is limited in the living room and harmful substances in the air are actually consumed. It also fills the air with the necessary oxygen. If the door is open, the adjacent rooms should also be ventilated (one to three bedrooms).
