id-US20090186569A1    abstract-An apparatus for manufacturing semiconductor devices includes: a cabinet having an opening section on a front surface thereof; a front door that is provided at the opening section of the cabinet in a manner to be freely opened and closed; a low oxygen gas intake port for introducing nitrogen gas or gas with an oxygen concentration lower than a concentration of oxygen contained in an air atmosphere; a gas exhaust port for exhausting the gas from within the cabinet; a ventilation system that introduces the air atmosphere or oxygen into the cabinet; a lock system that is capable of locking the front door in a closed state; and a detector that detects oxygen concentration within the cabinet, wherein the lock system unlocks the front door when the oxygen concentration detected by the detector becomes a predetermined value or higher.
id-EP2077424A3    abstract-A dehumidifier unit (1, 20) comprising an inlet aperture (2) for the air to be dehumidified, an outlet aperture (3) for the dehumidified air, a fan (4) to draw in the air from an environment (A) and guarantee the passage of the air through the apertures (2, 3), a dehumidifying element (5, 22) connected to a hydraulic circuit (6), and two heat exchangers (8, 9) arranged respectively upstream and downstream of the dehumidifying element (5, 22) with respect to the direction of the airflow. The heat exchangers (8, 9) are connected to one another by means of a separate hydraulic circuit (10) comprising a pump (11).
id-US8631661B2    abstract-A method and apparatus for conditioning ambient air for use in an enclosure is disclosed which cools the ambient supply air stream in sensible energy recovery device or cools and dehumidifies the ambient supply air stream in an enthalpy energy recovery device. The thus cooled air is then cooled by a cooling coil of a refrigerant cooling system to reduce its temperature and humidity. The thus cooled and dehumidified air is then passed through a segment of a rotating desiccant wheel or through a different type of desiccant dehumidification device under conditions which reduce its moisture content and increases its temperature. The supply air is then delivered from the desiccant wheel to the enclosure. The desiccant wheel is regenerated by heating a separate regeneration air stream, provided by the exhaust air from the space and using the condensing coil of the refrigerant system to increase the regeneration air stream temperature. The thus heated regeneration air stream is then passed through another segment of the rotating desiccant wheel to regenerate the wheel and is exhausted to the atmosphere.
id-US8743542B2    abstract-An apparatus for cooling of a substantially closed space, in particular a data center, where continuous or intermittent heat is produced by at least one heat source, with recirculation air, includes a heat exchanger with a first set of ducts and a second set of ducts, each set of ducts having an in- and outlet. The in- and outlet of the first set of ducts are connected to the space to form a first recirculation path, and the in- and outlet of the second set of ducts are connected to an environment of the space to form a second recirculation path. The heat exchanger is a plate heat exchanger.
id-EP2088380A3    abstract-A duct system for ventilation systems, including a supply duct (12) which is adapted to be connected with feed openings for ventilation air disposed at or in the vicinity of a window or an outer wall of one or more rooms, and a return duct (16) which is adapted to be connected with return openings for ventilation air disposed at a distance from a window or an outer wall of the one or more rooms, the supply and return ducts being provided in a common tubular duct (2) constituted by a pipe with circular cross-section, as the supply and return ducts (12, 16) are separated by a longitudinal partitioning (4) which consists of a metal sheet having a zigzag profile in a cross-sectional view perpendicular to the common tubular duct, where each of the supply and return ducts is connected via curving connecting flanges to a branch box (6) which at both sides of the common tubular duct has both supply and return connection pipe stubs (10, 14), and which is adapted to be connected with the supply and return ducts (12, 16) via separate lateral cutouts in the common tubular duct (2).
id-EP2096396A2    abstract-Warmeubertrager some liquid news media, especially high-altitude Erstreckungsrichtung The wechselweise continuous and driving station Erstreckungsrichtung controls the channel (19, 20) for the first current with an attractive current, while the channel (19, 20) passes through the maanderformiges farmer's flachigen Materiales(18) trained in the Faltenkanten field Randabdeckung(17) anda Zentralabdeckung(14) in the Faltensattel field while Medienzufuhr Stromungssysteme County for the canal (19, 20) can simultaneously play a good Warmeubertragung high flow animal venom medium and low function based on the installed Warmeubertragers to achieve the Medienzufuhr, Stromungssystem e Erstreckungsrichtung at the same time.
id-EP2090375A1    abstract-The present invention concerns a system for controlling at least thermally a booth. The energy recovery system (10) comprises: a first air treatment unit (20) arranged to take outside air and to introduce air that has been at least thermally controlled into the booth (12); a second air treatment unit (30) arranged to extract exhausted air from the booth (12); and heat exchanging means (43) configured to exchange heat between the exhausted air and the outside air to be introduced into the booth. The system further includes air humidifying means (45) arranged to humidify the exhausted air, to lower the predetermined temperature of the exhausted air by exploiting the evaporation enthalpy, and to introduce the humidified exhausted air into the heat exchanging means so as to optimise the energy recovery. The invention also concerns a unit for treating exhausted air and a method of controlling at least thermally a booth.
id-US7683501B2    abstract-An energy recovery system includes a ventilation system of a defined area, at least one windmill located exterior to the defined area and at least one flow guide apparatus positioned between the at least one exhaust and the at least one windmill. The ventilation system has at least one exhaust from which air from within the defined area is expelled out of the defined area by an exhaust fan as an exhaust air flow. The one or more flow guide apparatuses are positioned between the exhaust and the one or more windmills and are preferably sized and configured to redirect at least a portion of the exhaust air flow into an axial flow that moves toward one or more of the windmills.
id-EP2107317A3    abstract-An electric oven has an air passage structure that is designed to effectively cool down electric components. The air passage structure quickly cools down a variety of electric components on a top surface of a cavity using air introduced from outside the oven. The oven has a series of passages and openings allowing the effective movement of air past the electric components and through the oven.
id-US10094578B1    abstract-Apparatus and methods provide for a dual pass air flow configuration in an air conditioning system to improve efficiency and performance of the air conditioning system. An air conditioning device includes a pre-conditioned air passage chamber separated from a post-conditioned air passage chamber by an impermeable partition. A coil system separates the pre-conditioned air passage chamber and the post-conditioned air passage chamber from a partially-conditioned air passage chamber. The coil system is configured to receive air from the pre-conditioned air passage chamber and to condition the air passing through the coil system into the partially-conditioned air passage chamber. The coil system is also configured to receive the air from the partially-conditioned air and further condition the air as it passes through the coil system into the post-conditioned air passage chamber.
id-WO2009110494A1    abstract-In a heat exchange element that performs heat exchange between two independent fluids, a cylinder with a hollow part is used as a member separating two independent fluid paths, and a single plate with parallel tubes is stacked at intervals, and the hollow part of the cylinder is the first fluid path. A heat exchanger is an air-conditioner or heating/cooling device that USES a heat exchanger element and a second fluid path outside the cylinder.
id-EP2098796A1    abstract-The invention is a new air change device for use in enclosed places (L), comprising a frame (T) containing one air exhaust fan (U) suited to draw air from the inside of the room (L) and discharge it outside (R), one air inlet fan (E) suited to draw air from the outside (R) and deliver it into the room (L), one cross flow heat exchanger, one air inlet opening (MA) positioned in the lower part of said frame (T) and directed downwards, one air exhaust opening (RA) positioned frontally on said frame (T) and directed parallel to the floor.
id-WO2009131864A2    abstract-The invention enables coordinated, flexible, agile, and energy efficient temperature variation among a plurality of rooms, as found in a hotel, apartment building, or group of exercise rooms, by transferring heat between the rooms. Air can be moved by fans and/or heat can be transferred by heat pump. Heat transfer between exercise rooms can be powered partly by exertion of individuals in the rooms. Rapid air exchange can quickly equalize temperatures in adjacent rooms. Embodiments exchange heat between rooms and interior and/or exterior reservoirs of warmer and cooler air and/or water, and some embodiments move air from the reservoirs into and out of the rooms. Heat can be pumped into or out of the system, and air and/or water can be added or extracted from the reservoirs. In some embodiments heat is moved sequentially through a variable series of rooms, creating a monotonic variation of temperatures.
id-EP2113723A2    abstract-A ventilating apparatus (1) is disclosed, in which a ventilating function and a cooling and heating function are performed selectively or simultaneously within one casing (3). The ventilating apparatus comprises a casing (3); an air-supply path (A) provided inside the casing, guiding the outdoor air to a room; an air-exhaust path (B) provided inside the casing, guiding the room air to the outside; a pre-heat exchanger (12) arranged in the air-supply path and the air-exhaust path, generating heat exchange between the supplied outdoor air and the exhausted room air; and a heat exchanger (9) arranged in the air-supply path, generating heat exchanging between the supplied outdoor air and a predetermined refrigerant.
id-EP2113725A2    abstract-A control method for a ventilating apparatus is disclosed, in which a ventilating function and a cooling and heating function are performed selectively or simultaneously within one casing. The control method for a ventilating apparatus comprises determining an operation mode; and performing the operation mode such as a ventilating operation mode and a cooling and heating operation mode respectively or simultaneously within a single ventilating apparatus in accordance with the determined operation mode.
id-WO2009121990A1    abstract-New model of sustainable building, whose exterior enclosures, roofs and foundations constitute an enclosure that is formed, except for doors, Windows and chimneys, by a central core (5) with high heat storage capacity, by an interior coating or membrane (4) with high thermal conductivity and in close contact with the central core, and by an exterior skin (6) thermally insulated and mechanically resistant.
id-EP2107203A2    abstract-Ventilating element designed to be placed under a window (2), whereby the ventilating element (1) reaches from the inside (3) of the house to the outside (4) of the house, with a hard foam element or an assembly of hard foam elements, in which are provided an outlet duct (8) and a supply duct (9) with a heat exchanger (10) in between, characterised in that the heat exchanger can be installed without any technical operations or tools by pushing it in the recess in the hard foam provided to that end.
id-EP2113726A1    abstract-An arrangement for ventilating one or more rooms in a building comprises a casing (7) having at least four openings arranged on the same side (12) thereof for conducting exhaust air from the rooms of the building as well as supply air from the exterior to said rooms of the building through a rotary heat exchanger (26) arranged inside said casing. Fan members (21, 23) are arranged inside said casing for creating air flows through the casing. The impeller of at least one of said fan members has blades curved backwards with respect to the rotation direction of the impeller.
id-EP2116785A1    abstract-A ventilation unit for a building has an inlet (26) for air drawn from the building and to be recirculated to the building, an inlet for external air (12) drawn from externally of the building; and a mixing zone (5) for mixing of the external air and the air drawn from the building. The unit also includes an air distribution outlet arrangement (30) for distribution of air to different zones internally of the building, and an air temperature control system providing airflows of different temperatures to be distributed via the distribution outlet arrangement to the different zones internally of the building.
id-EP2119991A2    abstract-A rekuperativer Warmeruckgewinner :(1) He is about parallel - or Schichtlagen(2 to 5) between two Volumenstrome (6,7) separation and transfer of thermal energy between two Volumenstromen (6,7), while each Schichtlag is allowed e(2 to 5) parallel to each other in the willpower survey (8, 9, 10) and have (11), moved to the Schichtlage range (2 to 5). It is proposed to use survey (8, 10) or pit (9, 11) to sympathize with any pit next to it (10, 8) or 5 pits (11, 9) to sympathize with any pit next to it (2, 5).
id-WO2009142475A2    abstract-Heat recovery installation using solar energy, comprising a three- channel plate, in which the first channel layer, viewed from the outside, alternately discharges used air and supplies fresh air. The third channel layer, viewed from the outside, ensures the supply of used air and the discharge of fresh air, while in the second channel layer, viewed from the outside, the heat exchange between the used and fresh air takes place in counterflow. Small apertures are provided in the second and third plates, viewed from the outside, of the three-channel plate, as a result of which the flow in the channel layer, viewed from the outside, is at right angles to the channel plate. By making the airflow quicker than the heat flow (Pe»l), no heat can flow from the inside to the outside, except for a small loss flow through the partitions and through radiation.
id-US8235093B2    abstract-This invention relates in general to air exchange systems and, in particular, to an improved energy recovery ventilator, a cross flow plate core associated therewith and a method of conditioning air for a building. In one aspect, the invention provides a cross flow plate core comprising: a left hand wafer comprising a left hand spacer with a first of a plurality of membranes bonded thereto, the left hand spacer comprising a plurality of parallel curvilinear rails which form channels for receiving a first stream of air; and a right hand wafer comprising a right hand spacer with a second of the plurality of membranes bonded thereto, the right hand spacer comprising a plurality of parallel curvilinear rails which form channels for receiving a second stream of air, wherein the left hand spacer of the left hand wafer is bonded to the top of the membrane of the right hand wafer.
id-US9062890B2    abstract-An energy recovery heat exchanger ( 100 ) includes a housing ( 102 ). The housing has a first flowpath ( 144 ) from a first inlet ( 104 ) to a first outlet ( 106 ). The housing has a second flowpath ( 146 ) from a second inlet ( 108 ) to a second outlet ( 110 ). Either of two cores may be in an operative position in the housing. Each core has a number of first passageways having open first and second ends and closed first and second sides. Each core has a number of second such passageways interspersed with the first passageways. The ends of the second passageways are aligned with the sides of the first passageways and vice versa. A number of heat transfer member sections separate adjacent ones of the first and second passageways. An actuator is coupled to the carrier to shift the cores between first and second conditions. In the first condition, the first core ( 20 ) is in the operative position and the second core ( 220 ) is not. In the second condition, the second core is in the operative position and the first core is not. When a core is in the operative position, its first passageways are along the first flowpath and the second passageways are along the second flowpath.
id-WO2009147727A1    abstract-It provides a highly energy-efficient air conditioning system. Air harmonization equipment (1) regulates the air drawn from the outside of the room for air conditioning in the indoor space (10). The sensible heat exchanger (3) exchanges sensible heat, the humidity control device (4) regulates the humidity of the air, and the outdoor air is controlled by the sensible heat exchanger (3). The first air supply line (5) to guide the device (4) and the second air supply line (6) to guide the air whose humidity has been adjusted by the humidity control device (4) to the indoor space (10) through the sensible heat exchanger (3). The sensible heat exchanger (3) comprises the first air supply line (5). An air conditioning facility (1) that is configured to enable heat exchange between the outdoor air guided by the second air supply line (6) and the air after humidity control guided by the second air supply line (6).
id-US8209992B2    abstract-The invention described herein represents a significant improvement in the efficiency of heating and cooling processes for applications such as buildings. The working fluid condensation process is time separated from the working fluid vaporization process. Work on the working fluid through a phase transformation is performed at a first time and the heating or cooling of a building through a reverse phase transformation is done at a second time. A storage medium is provided to store the capacity to heat or the capacity to cool in the form of the phase transformed working fluid stored at a positive or a negative pressure. Controlling logic calculates what the heating and cooling load will be in the future and when least expensive and most efficient operating times are forecasted to be. The compression or vacuum energy input phase of operation is be performed during the most optimal window as seldom as once per week while the application heating or cooling process is performed continuously as needed.
id-WO2010013966A2    abstract-The invention relates to an oven range. In the present invention, air inside the burner chamber heated by a burner, and an intake apparatus guided to the inside of the oven chamber by an air duct is formed on the back of the upper oven chamber. Therefore, the invention has the advantage of maximizing the floor area of the oven chamber where food is settled, while minimizing the contamination of the burner chamber.
id-US20100105310A1    abstract-A system and a method regulate temperature in a building using an air inlet at a level beneath a space for habitation within the building (e.g., living areas in a residential building, or work areas or offices in a commercial building). The air pulled into the air inlet creates an air flow into the building that is received into a thermal storage plenum, which allows the air flow to mix with a substantial air mass accumulated in the thermal storage plenum. The air in the thermal storage plenum is circulated throughout the space for habitation and recycled back to the thermal storage plenum through, for example, a return duct. Such a return duct may be provided by a stairwell. A relief vent may be provided at a level above the space for habitation for the air flow to exit the building. The quantity of air flowing through the air inlet and the relief vent may be controlled using a control system which open the air inlet and the relief vent simultaneously. The temperature of the air circulated in the space for habitation may be regulated by a roof-mounted heat pump.
id-JP2011220537A    abstract-The present invention relates to a heat exchange device and a heating element storage device using it, and aims to improve the heat exchange efficiency. The main case 11 has the first air intake port 7 and the first outlet 8a and 8b for the first environment on the front, and the second air intake port 9 and the second outlet 10a and 10b for the second environment on the back, and the first environment set in the main body case 11 The first fan 12 for the first environment, the second fan 13 for the second environment, the first heat exchanger 14 for the first environment and the second environment air for the second environment, the second heat exchanger 15 for the heat exchange between the first environment air and the second environment air in the main case 11, and the first air fan 12, the second environment fan 13 for the second environment The second fan 13, the first heat exchanger 14 and the second heat exchanger 15 are arranged in a roughly column, and the first or second fan is placed between the first heat exchanger 14 and the second heat exchanger 15 and the side 11a of the main housing 11 from the first or second heat exchanger 14 to the first heat exchanger 14 and the second heat exchanger 15 The configuration includes a transmission path connected to the ventilator 15 (external air path 16 and inner air path 17). Select diagram: figure 3
id-US20110175498A1    abstract-A data center includes a mobile enclosure having an interior space. The interior space includes a first section and a second section, where the first section is separated from the second section by a first divider. The first section houses a rack having a first side and a second side, where the rack is positioned to separate the first section into a first aisle and a second aisle such that fluid flow between the first aisle and the second aisle is substantially prevented other than through the rack. The first aisle includes a fluid delivery device and the second aisle includes a fluid removal device, where the second section facilitates fluid communication between the fluid removal device and the fluid delivery device.
id-EP2172714A2    abstract-A procedure is invented for heating, especially for the living room (W, S, K) and for restrained ventilation and Warmeruckgewinnung while Abluft(a) intervenes in the way (W, S, K) part of the heat in the Gegenstrom Zufliß ender air circulation (000). While these brightly ventilated Zuluft (Z) living rooms (W, SK) lead to an incineration (2), the incineration (2) under the leadership of warmeaufnehmenden entlanggefuhrte air contact blew up the incinerator's installed air (A) secondary ventilation system, Thus, the heat generated by the air burned in the incinerator (2) is converted into the variable cold air (Z) generated by the backflow air (window). It also relates to the invention of A Beheizungsanordnung especially a living room (W, S, K) and controlled diffusion via ventilation :(1) bringing Warmeruckgewinnung Abluftkanale Abluft (11) (A) (K) admitting about an air / Luft-Warmetauscher Fortluft(photo)(10) The air/Luft-Warmetauscher Abluft(10) temperature (A) of Gegenstrom(000) in the external statement is illuminated by Zuluft (Z) With respect to Zuluftkanale (12) access to the room (R) and incineration (2), especially designed for solid fuels, a separate air passage may be installed in the incinerator (3) return contact (2); Another return channel (11) is connected to the ventilation pipe (1), and the flow aid conveyor end (31) is open to the room (R).
id-US20100252231A1    abstract-Embodiments of the present invention provide a data centre, comprising data centre air directing means for directing data centre air from the data centre through a first side of one or more heat exchangers; external air directing means for directing external air from external to the data centre through a second side of the one or more heat exchangers; and adiabatic cooling means for adiabatically cooling the external air prior to entering the one or more heat exchangers, such that the external air flowing through the second side of the one or more heat exchangers indirectly cools the data centre air flowing through the first side of the one or more heat exchangers. Embodiments of the present invention may be realised in which the data centre is a moveable data centre.
id-US20100101764A1    abstract-The present invention provides a double flow-circuit heat exchange device for periodic positive and reverse directional pumping, which is disposed with the bi-directional fluid pump capable of producing positive pressure or negative pressure at the fluid port on two sides of the bi-directional heat exchange device for periodically positive and reverse pumping the two fluid circuits in opposite flowing directions, thereby in the operation of periodically positive and reverse pumping to maintain the two fluid circuits in different flowing directions.
id-WO2010043338A1    abstract-The separation device relates to a regulating ventilation system consisting of at least one funnel device (8), or at least one funnel device (9), or at least one separating device (10), and one separating device (7), and at least one controlling device and/or regulating device. In addition, buildings and air conditioning equipment are involved, and the system is composed of modular units. As a result, at least one air conditioning system is embedded in the surface of the building.
id-WO2010047066A1    abstract-The heat exchange device of the present invention, in its main body as a heat exchange device having a heat exchange element, supply air path and exhaust air path, includes an exhaust side electric motor driving the exhaust blade and an exhaust side electric motor driving the supply air blade in either the supply air path or the exhaust air path. It is possible to increase the heat exchange efficiency of the heat exchanger by installing it in one of the air channels.
id-US20100089552A1    abstract-A heat energy recovery system recovers heat energy from a fluid having a first temperature flowing through a conduit. The conduit includes a manifold chamber through which the fluid flows. A manifold conduit is located within the manifold chamber and contains a fluid heat storage material at a second temperature lower than the first temperature. A storage assembly has a chamber enclosed therein and fluidly coupled with the manifold conduit for storing the fluid heat storage material. The heat energy can be transferred from the fluid having the first temperature to the fluid heat storage material having the second temperature.
id-WO2010046505A1    abstract-The invention consists of the structure and manufacturing method of a flat heat exchanger element between fresh air and exhaust air in a room. It is applicable in many different ways, mainly in the field of housing construction technology, as for example in a separate part of an air conditioning system for a building, or as an element for the replacement of heat insulation in part or in whole for a building. All components of the element are made of the same hygroscopic material and are mounted with glue. There is no risk of freezing, because the element also transmits moisture from the air.
id-US8033322B1    abstract-A space has inlet and outlet registers and outside and exhaust air ducts. The outside air duct is located adjacent to the inlet register. The exhaust air duct is located adjacent to the outlet register. The space has an outside air passageway through the outside air duct adjacent to the inlet register. The space has an exhaust air passageway through the exhaust air duct adjacent to the outlet register. A thermosyphon run around heat pipe assembly includes outside air coils and exhaust air coils. Vapor lines and liquid lines couple the coils. The outside air coils are positioned adjacent to the air inlet duct. The exhaust air coils are located adjacent to the air outlet duct. A control device, in the form of a modulating return damper, is located between the air ducts. An air filter is provided upstream of and adjacent to the outside air coils.
id-US20100122806A1    abstract-Compact and efficient apparatuses for transferring heat, heat exchangers, and furnaces, as well as HVAC units, HVAC systems, and buildings therewith, plus methods of making such devices. Furnace heat exchangers, for example, have an added stage, added in an unconventional way, that improves efficiency without unduly increasing size, while maintaining required radiuses of bends in tubing. Various embodiments orient bends at particular angles to allow stages to fit together more closely, provide improved structure for connecting stages using two collectors that seal against a common junction plate, provide for indoor air passing through the heat exchanger to pass through different passes of the heat exchanger in an unconventional order in order to provide greater compactness, or a combination thereof, as examples.
