id-EP3859226A1    abstract-The device for heat recovery from ventilation air equipped with a set of regenerators embedded in the wall of the building, each of regenerators has a heat accumulator and a fan driven by an electric motor of two-way operation, characterised in that, the device has a collector component (1) and a regenerator rack component (2) connected to the collector component, wherein the collector component (1) is equipped with two valve component cassettes (7, 7') tightly connected to each other by ends of tubular elements (18, 18') and a profiled casing (3) forming at least one suction chamber (29) and at least one discharge chamber (30), and each valve component cassette (7, 7') is equipped with at least one suction valve (23, 23') and at least one discharge valve (24, 24'), while each of the regenerators (42, 42') of the regenerator rack component (2) is equipped with a heat accumulator (43, 43').
id-US20220349614A1    abstract-An air conditioner includes a housing having a first outlet and a second outlet, a first channel communicating with the first outlet, a second channel communicating with the second outlet, a tank unit configured to hold water for cooling first air and second air, the first air flowing through the first channel, the second air flowing through the second channel, a cooling unit configured to cool the first air by heat of vaporization of water held in the tank unit, a water supply channel for supplying water held in the tank unit to the cooling unit, and a water recovery channel for collecting water remaining in the cooling unit to the tank unit.
id-JP2021113651A    abstract-The objective is to provide water supply units, heat exchanger units, and air conditioners that can improve the cooling capacity. The water supply body is arranged above the heat exchanger, which includes the first path and the second path through which the first air flowing in the first path flows and the second air exchanging the heat with the first air flowing in the first path, and the water receiving unit for receiving the water supplied to the heat exchanger and the water A plurality of channels through which the water received by the receiving part flows are extended to each of the plurality of channels constituting the second path. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20210239350A1    abstract-An air conditioner includes an outdoor unit having a compressor for compressing a refrigerant and an outdoor heat exchanger. A ventilator is connected to the outdoor unit by a plurality of refrigerant pipes. The ventilator includes a case having a supply passage, through which the outside air flows into the indoor space, a discharge passage through which the indoor air is discharged to the outside, a partition wall disposed in the case and separating the supply passage and the discharge passage, a main heat exchanger disposed in the supply passage, an outside air inlet damper, an indoor air outlet damper, a circulation hole damper, an outdoor temperature sensor, and a controller, configured to control operations of the dampers.
id-WO2021141315A1    abstract-Ventilator indoor air to flow into the air, outdoor and indoor smoke 1 duct with outdoor leak into the air and 1, 2 duct with duck and second duct in the area in which the cross 1 and duct flow through air and secondary air duct flow through the exchange between the heat 1, wealth and duct once been arranged each of 1 than 1 exit and toretto exit ii, which has a small discharge area and exit, Includes a transition unit that allows air flowing into the above room through the first duct to be selectively discharged into either the first and second outlet.
id-WO2021159933A1    abstract-The utility model relates to an operation control method of a full-heat new fan, which comprises: obtaining the difference of indoor and outdoor temperature and indoor and outdoor air quality parameters; The difference of indoor and outdoor temperature is compared with the preset temperature threshold. The indoor and outdoor air quality parameters are selectively compared with the preset parameters according to the comparison between the indoor and outdoor temperature difference and the preset temperature threshold. Selectively open or close the first damper and/or the second damper and the first fan and/or the second fan according to the comparison of the indoor and outdoor air quality parameters with the preset parameters. The suitable operation mode can be selected according to the specific situation of indoor and outdoor environment, so as to improve the working efficiency of the new fan and reduce the energy consumption of the new fan.
id-EP4105567A1    abstract-A full-heat ventilation fan (1) having a double-layer air duct, comprising: a fresh air duct that communicates with an outdoor air inlet (121) and an indoor air outlet (124), and comprises a first downstream section; an air return duct that communicates with an indoor air inlet (123) and an outdoor air outlet (122), and comprises a first upstream section; and a full-heat exchange core (15), which comprises a fresh air channel and an air return channel that can carry out heat exchange, the fresh air channel being disposed within the fresh air duct or forming a part of the fresh air duct, the air return channel being disposed within the air return duct or forming a part of the air return duct, and part of the first downstream section and part of the first upstream section being upper and lower layers within the vertical plane, so as to form a double-layer air duct. The full-heat ventilation fan not only helps to reduce wind resistance and improve efficiency, but also achieves low noise operation.
id-EP4105572A1    abstract-A total heat ventilation machine (1), which solves the problem of bulky ventilation machines caused by the irrational design of an air duct structure of the existing ventilation machines, and comprises: a ventilation duct enabling the communication between an outdoor air inlet (121) and an indoor air outlet (124); an air return duct enabling the communication between an indoor air inlet (123) and an outdoor air outlet (122); a total heat exchange core (15), comprising a ventilation channel and an air return channel which are capable of performing heat exchange, the ventilation channel being provided within the ventilation duct or forming a part of the ventilation duct, and the air return channel being provided within the air return duct or forming a part of the air return duct; and a bypass air duct (126), the bypass air duct being in communication with the indoor air inlet (123) and the outdoor air outlet (122), and being provided therein with a first air door (18) for opening or closing the bypass air duct (126), and the bypass air duct (126) being provided at the periphery of the total heat exchange core (15). The total heat ventilation machine (1) can reduce the air resistance generated during the discharge of returned air, and can make full use of the inner space of the ventilation machine, realizing the design of a lightweight and miniaturized ventilation machine.
id-US11248415B1    abstract-An energy recovery ventilator door assembly includes an exterior door for a structure, the door including an inside fan and an outside fan for providing flows of air to a manifold. The manifold includes an inside manifold conduit for receiving stale inside air and an outside manifold conduit for receiving fresh outside air. A heat sink between the two conduits recovers heat energy from the warmer flow of air flowing in the conduits and transmits the recovered heat energy to the cooler of the flows of air in the conduits. A crossover element routs the inside conduit from the inside of the door to the outside of the door, and routs the outside conduit of the door to the inside of the door. Thus the air in the inside manifold conduit is vented to the outside of the structure through the door and the air in the outside manifold conduit is vented to the inside of the structure through the door.
id-WO2021192263A1    abstract-The ventilation air harmonization system (1000) will discharge the air in the ventilation object space 50 from the first inlet through the heat exchange element to the outside, and through the heat exchange element will blow out the outdoor air from the first outlet to the ventilation object space 50. The indoor unit (202) has a replacement ventilation device (100), a second intake port and a second outlet installed respectively in the ventilation object space (50), and an outdoor unit installed outside the ventilation object space (50), and the ventilation object through the second intake port An air conditioning device (200) that injects air into space (50) and blows air out of the second outlet into the ventilated object space (50). Based on the level of anti-freeze operation assistance request indicating the risk of freezing in the heat exchange element of the heat exchange ventilator (100), the air harmonizer (200) blows air from the second outlet to the first inlet Perform stop driving assist operation.
id-EP3885661A1    abstract-The procedure involved the invention of bringing home the Luftungsheizsystems favored fresh air (also known as Zuluft) into at least one room and then into Hyang the intake of air (also known as Abluft) from at least one space, while the Heiz-Verfahrensschritt zugefuhrte Fresh air and abgefuhrte run out of air through the air/Luft- Warmeubertrager and the warm abgefuhrten fresh air from the imported air will infect zugefuhrte. A feature of this invention is that, after handling the air and the air heat incoming device, at least one step is pumped out by conveying the desired air delivered heat.
id-EP3882552A1    abstract-The pigeon parts have, respectively, one and one end (1,2), and a stacked barter (3,4). At least one channel (150, 151) and another channel (3, 4) are connected to one end of the two end pieces (10, 11, 20, 21), and the switch and the other end (10, 11, 20, 21) are placed at the head of the end part (1, 2), and the principals are scattered on the object. The bodies are swapped in the same manner to produce a multi-helical helix, especially a double helix, or multiple concentric circle planes, training at least an interseptum (3,4) between the first channel and having at least a second channel (150,151). The device is designed to allow the ceramics to burn more efficiently and to accommodate a gear small enough to flow electricity. It's also easier to make.
id-WO2021203818A1    abstract-The invention relates to an evaporative cooling system (101) and an engine room system (100), belonging to the technical field of heat exchange. The evaporative cooling system (101) comprises a main return air duct (1), a side ventilation duct (2) and a heat exchange core body (3). The main return air duct (1) comprises a first air intake (1A) and a first air outlet (1B). The first air intake (1A) is used to communicate with the equipment room (103). The side ventilation pipe (2) comprises a second air intake (2A) and a second air outlet (2B). The second air intake (2A) is communicated with the first air intake (1A). The heat exchange core body (3) comprises the first air inlet end (3A) and the first air outlet end (3B), and the first air outlet (1B) is connected with the first air inlet end (3A), and the air after heat exchange through the heat exchange core body (3) can be discharged from the first air outlet end (3B), mixed with the air discharged by the second air outlet (2B), and finally sent to the machine room (103). The evaporative heat exchange system (101) and the machine room system (100) are provided with a side ventilation pipe (2), and the side ventilation pipe (2) can divert part of the air volume, so as to shorten the return air path and reduce the wind resistance, thereby improving the energy efficiency of the system and contributing to energy saving.
id-US20210333008A1    abstract-A heat exchanger including at least one bulb configured to generate a heat, and a heating, ventilation, and/or air conditioning (HVAC) system incorporating the same are provided. The heat exchanger includes a body configured to permit the passage of an airflow through at least a portion of the body. The body includes at least one pocket with an interior surface. The pocket(s) may be configured in parallel or perpendicular to the passage of the airflow. The heat exchanger includes at least one bulb configured within at least one pocket. At least a portion of the heat generated by the bulb is transferred to at least a portion of the airflow. The pocket may allow the heat to be transferred to the airflow without the airflow contacting the bulb.
id-EP3910257A1    abstract-The subject of the invention is a wireless ventilation system with recuperation powered from an integrated photovoltaic-wind panel, built of individual, decentralized ventilation devices (1) and an exhaust fan (2) in one of the other rooms, e.g. a bathroom. The system is characterized by minimized power and electricity consumption by only a single fan (5) located in decentralized, individual ventilation devices (1). Decentralized, individual ventilation devices (1), despite the fact that they are equipped with a single exhaust fan (5), allow the implementation of fresh air supply to the ventilated rooms and return air exhaust from the ventilated rooms with heat/cool recovery from the exhaust air. Due to the lack of ventilation ducts in ventilated rooms, the system is characterized by reduced energy consumption and pro-ecological character related to the reduced demand for materials for its production and using natural energy sources such as wind and sun. The lack of ventilation ducts does not require the use of a lowered suspended ceiling in ventilated rooms. The small dimensions of the system make the subject of the invention easy to adapt to new and existing buildings that require a ventilation system with reduced energy consumption. The source of the drive for the system is an integrated photovoltaic-wind panel (11), which uses free solar and wind energy in one element.
id-EP4130636A1    abstract-In a first corrugated portion (11) of a first heat transfer plate (1), first front-side convex portions (14) that are convex toward one side in a first direction and first back-side convex portions (15) that are convex toward the opposite side in the first direction are alternately formed along a second direction. On a second corrugated portion (21) of a second heat transfer plate (2), second front-side convex portions (24) that are convex toward one side in the first direction and second back-side convex portions (25) that are convex toward the opposite side in the first direction are alternately formed along the second direction. At at least one end of both ends of each of the first front-side convex portions (14) in the second direction, there is provided a first front-side protruding portion (16) that protrudes toward another first front-side convex portions (14) adjacent in the second direction. The first front-side protruding portion (16) is contactable with the second heat transfer plate (2). At at least one end of both ends of each of the second front-side convex portions (24) in the second direction, there is provided a second front-side protruding portion (26) that protrudes toward another second front-side convex portions (24) adjacent in the second direction. The second front-side protruding portion (26) is contactable with the first heat transfer plate (1).
id-WO2021218141A1    abstract-An air conditioning outdoor unit (1) comprises: a shell (100); Compressor (200), the compressor (200) is installed in the housing (100); The liquid reservoir (300) is installed in the housing (100) and is communicated with the air return port of the compressor (200); Heat pipe (400), the heat pipe (400) has an evaporation part (410) and a condensing part (420), the evaporation part (410) and the compressor (420) contact heat conduction, the condensing part (420) and the liquid reservoir (300) contact heat conduction.
id-EP3916314A1    abstract-The ventilation system (1) consists of a room (4), an air ventilation tube (2), and a heat regulating plug-in (3). The heat transfer plug-in (3) is separated from the ventilation tube cover (2) by a building diaphragm outside the scope of the room (4).
id-US20210389014A1    abstract-A system for use with a conditioned space. The system includes an energy transfer device and at least one element. The energy transfer device transfers heat from a hotter air flow and a cooler air flow. The energy transfer device prevents the hotter air flow from mixing with the cooler air flow. A supply one of the hotter and cooler air flows enters into the conditioned space and a return one of the hotter and cooler air flows exits from the conditioned space. The element(s) heat or cool the supply air flow before the supply air flow reaches the conditioned space.
id-WO2021256805A1    abstract-The invention concerning the door type heat recovery air clean ventilation system is commenced. A dove-type heat recovery air clean ventilation device according to the present invention comprises: a housing equipped with an outdoor air intake unit wherein the outdoor air is sucked in, an air supply unit for the room, a return air unit for recovering the air circulated indoors, and a exhaust unit for discharging the air to the room; A door equipped with a housing that is retractable and is connected with an out-air inlet and a return air outlet that is connected with a return air outlet; A heat exchange device for heat exchange between outdoor air inhaled from the return air passage and indoor air recovered from the return air passage; Hepa filter to filter the air passed through the heat exchange; The feed fan part, which is connected with the feed area, and flows the air through the HEPA filter into the feed area; It includes an exhaust fan that is connected to the exhaust and flows the air through the heat exchange to the exhaust, and features a door open from the housing to replace the heat exchange and HEPA filters.
id-US20210404714A1    abstract-A multi-connected heat recovery air conditioning system and a control method thereof. The multi-connected heat recovery air conditioning system includes an indoor unit, an outdoor unit and a hydraulic module, wherein the outdoor unit comprises a compressor, an outdoor heat exchanger, a first four-way valve and a second four-way valve. The multi-connected heat recovery air conditioning system further comprises an indoor unit temperature unit, a water temperature unit, a high-pressure sensor and a low-pressure sensor. The indoor unit temperature unit is arranged in the indoor unit for detecting and obtaining the outlet temperature value of the indoor unit, the water temperature unit is arranged at a heat exchange water tank for detecting and obtaining water temperature, and the high-pressure sensor and the low-pressure sensor are arranged at the output end and the air return end of the compressor respectively.
id-WO2022003425A1    abstract-The present invention relates to an air treatment device (1 ) for treatment of air onboard a ship. The air treatment device (1) comprises an air exchange device (2), an exhaust air conduit (3) with an inlet part (6) and an outlet part (7), and with a first air flow direction (8) from the inlet part to the outlet part, a supply air conduit (4) with an inlet part (9) and an outlet part (10), and with a second air flow direction (11 ) from the inlet part to the outlet part, wherein the first air flow direction is opposite the second air flow direction. The air treatment device (1) comprises an enthalpy exchanger (5) comprising a plurality of ducts and arranged between the inlet part and the outlet part of the exhaust air conduit and between the inlet part and the outlet part of the supply air conduit. The enthalpy exchanger is rotatably supported by a rotation shaft. The air exchange device (2) is limited in height, comprises a purification device and is arranged for partial purification of exhaust air. The air exchange device (2) is arranged in connection to the enthalpy exchanger (5) between the rotation shaft of the enthalpy exchanger (5) and a distance above it in the air exhaust air conduit across the inlet part (6) of the exhaust air conduit.
id-WO2021259022A1    abstract-The invention discloses a ventilation device and a ventilation system. The ventilation device comprises: a ventilator, which has two ports in an axial direction; A fan is arranged in the ventilator to pass an air flow through the ventilator; The regenerator is arranged in the ventilator for absorbing heat in the airflow; Wherein, a barrier part is formed on the outer part of the radial direction of the fan for preventing the air flow, and the barrier part is used to make the flow section of the fan less than the flow section of the regenerator. By setting the flow section of the fan less than the flow section of the regenerator, the fan and the regenerator can form a reasonable pressure matching and flow rate matching.
id-WO2021245431A2    abstract-A climate control apparatus is disclosed. The climate control apparatus comprises a first air stream path for a first air stream and a second air stream path for a second air stream. A primary water cooling apparatus is located within the first air stream path and is configured to transfer heat from the first air stream to water. A primary evaporative cooling device is located within the second air stream path and is configured to cool the second air stream and the water from the primary water cooling apparatus. A secondary evaporative cooling device is located within the first air stream path and after the primary water cooling apparatus, the secondary evaporative cooling device is configured to cool the first air stream, humidify the first air stream and or further cool the water from the primary evaporative cooling device. The climate control apparatus can cool, heat, humidify and dehumidify. The operation of the climate control apparatus can be computational optimised. A key advantage is the climate control apparatus is that the configuration requires minimal energy to operate as the evaporative cooling devices do not draw any electricity other than to pump water about the apparatus.
id-WO2021251705A1    abstract-A ventilating air cleaner is provided. A ventilating air purifier according to the exemplifying implementation of the present invention is provided with an inner space and a housing separately equipped with an indoor air inlet, an indoor air outlet, an outdoor air outlet and an outdoor air outlet connected with the above inner space; (a) a primary blower which is arranged in the upper indoor space to allow the outdoor air brought into the upper indoor space to flow into the upper indoor space and discharge the outdoor air brought into the upper indoor space; (a) a second blower that is arranged in the above inner space to allow the indoor air drawn into the above inner space to flow into the above inner space and to discharge the indoor air drawn into the above inner space to the outside; Heat exchanger for heat exchange of outdoor air introduced into the above internal space through the first blower and indoor air introduced into the above internal space through the second blower; And includes the absence of a filter for filtering the outdoor air flowing into the above interior Spaces through the above outdoor air intakes;
id-US20210389000A1    abstract-The present invention provides an integrated system of moisture removal, air purification, and air ventilation of the process air while some of the energy and resources required for operation of the system are self-sustained, or in some aspects the present system is self-regenerated such as heating and cooling of air and water exchanged among various elements/modules/members within the system or between the system and the surroundings, such that it becomes an all-time and all-round air dehumidifier, purifier and ventilator. Related method for removing air moisture from the surroundings using the present system is also provided.
id-WO2022002207A1    abstract-The utility model relates to a multifunctional integrated air conditioner, which comprises an air conditioner integrated unit placed indoors, an air conditioner radiator, an input airflow diversion tube (1), a warm air output tube (2) and a cold air output tube (3); A condensing chamber (6), an evaporation chamber (7), an air conditioner compressor (8) and a central control system are arranged in the housing of an air conditioner. The air conditioner radiator is used to cool the heat dissipation flow of the air conditioner condenser (9). The inlet end of the input air duct (1) is successively connected with the retractable aspirator (17) and the outdoor air inlet (18). The outdoor air inlet (18) is arranged outdoors. The inlet end of the retractable aspirator (17) is provided with an outdoor air inlet pump (20). The outlet end of the inlet air duct (1) is connected with the inlet end of the condensing chamber (6) and the evaporation chamber (7) of the air conditioner. The air conditioner introduces part of the outside air to carry part of the indoor air to form the air conditioning flow, and improves the turbidity and hypoxia in the indoor air. In addition, the cooling air and cold air generated by the evaporator and condenser during the operation of the air conditioner are reasonably collected and reused, which is green and environmental protection.
id-EP4184108A1    abstract-A heat exchanger that performs heat exchange between a supply air flow and an exhaust air flow includes: a heat exchange element in a prism shape; a plurality of frame bars (4), each of the plurality of frame bars (4) being attached to a corresponding side of the heat exchange element, the corresponding side extending along an axial direction of the heat exchange element; and an end face plate (3) at least partially covering an axial end face of the heat exchange element, the plurality of frame bars (4) being joined to the end face plate (3). The frame bars (4) are joined to the end face plate (3) in such a way as to be movable in the axial direction of the heat exchange element.
id-US20220034546A1    abstract-An air mixing system for a heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) system includes a conduit configured to receive a first airflow and a second airflow and to discharge the first airflow and the second airflow as a mixed airflow via an outlet of the conduit. The air mixing system also includes a thermal wheel disposed within the conduit. The thermal wheel is configured to direct the first airflow and the second airflow thereacross, rotate within the conduit, and transfer heat between the first airflow and the second airflow.
id-EP4180757A1    abstract-The extending direction of a fifth rib that is one of a plurality of first ribs (12a) of a first header portion (12) is closer to the extending direction of flow paths in a first counter-flow portion (10) than the extending direction of a sixth rib that is a rib of the plurality of first ribs (12a) closer to a fourth edge (1d) than the fifth rib. The extending direction of a seventh rib that is one of a plurality of second ribs (14a) of a second header portion (14) is closer to the extending direction of the flow paths in the first counter-flow portion (10) than the extending direction of an eighth rib that is a rib of the plurality of second ribs (14a) closer to a sixth edge (1f) than the seventh rib.
id-EP3943830A1    abstract-The invention included a ventilation device that illuminated and ventilated the room. This includes a decorative box that is responsible for connecting the interior and exterior of the space. At least one air cylinder (6) is connected to a rotating coil along the wall cartridge (1). In the first energized state, the fan (6) is ventilated from the outside to the inside along the ventilation duct. The ventilation unit includes at least one speaker (9), several microwave ovens (14, 15), and a control unit (20) for sound suppression. Erfindungsgemaß is thin film (10), Lautsprechers named emphasis or besides innenraumseitig Ventilators(6) clean up, bathed in sound, Zuluft-Forderrichtung occasionally cleans up around innenraumseitig on my first microphone (40) name, pointing to a fan (6). It is mainly produced by the ceiling fan engine (6). The other microphone (15) is open toward the middle of the usual circle and the wall cartridge (1), near the "circle" or "wall cartridge" (1). The sound it receives is mainly emitted by the air flow, and the sound transmitted by the air flow from the outside to the inside. The control unit (20) receives the sound emitted by the synapse and transmits it to the speaker (9) to receive the sound. Inside the room, the sound of the engine and air flow from the ventilation fan, as well as the sound from the outside world, is muffled.
id-WO2022018021A1    abstract-Disclosed herein is a heat recovery unit with a unit housing (11) defining a unit compartment, a heat exchanger (20), a fresh air bypass flow passage and/or an exhaust air bypass flow passage, a fresh air centrifugal fan arrangement (41) and an exhaust air centrifugal fan arrangement (42), a fresh air filter (51) and an exhaust air filter (52).
id-EP3940314A1    abstract-Luft-Wasser- Warmepumpe linksdrehenden Beluftungsfunktion safety performs the incompatibility of Kreisprozesses using dangerous Arbeitsfluids fabric in a closed sealed poem Arbeitsfluidumlauf, fitted to row buildings (1) at least one of the beneficiators over the aufweisend Warmepumpengehause (2)(3) is Arbeitsfluid and at least Entspannungseinrichtung(4) is Arbeitsfluid and at least two Warmeubertragers (5,6) For Arbeitsfluid at least every two Anschlussen (7, 8) to Warmeubertragerfluide at least one Frischluftleitung to give air exchange (10) from the interior and exterior environment of the building (1) in the casing (2), line (11) for Abl The uft exits the building in the casing (1)(2) for Fortluft Mauerdurchbruch(19)(12) for the building's interior and exterior environment (1) for Abluft's Fordergeblase (13)(11) for the promotion of Fortluft Warmetauscherlufter (14)(2) places its simplified Teilkapselung(18), consisting of stamen (18a), a top (18b), middle (18c) and a Ruckschlagklappe (18d), envisioning the bread base (18a) The Entspannungseinrichtung separator on the other side (3),(4), is fitted with a Warmeubertrager (6) opening the top (18b) as an excuse for air exchange (10) and an Abluft(11), which in the middle contains a Warmeubertrager (18c) (5) Warmetauscherlufter (14) and Stromungsleiteinrichtungen (23) set the Spulluft (2122) return port (18d) so that the return flow is enclosed in the exhaust system (11), The enclosed part (18) is kept at a close distance from other devices (2) of the collector.
id-WO2022018020A3    abstract-The invention relates to a centrifugal fan arrangement (1) comprising a centrifugal fan (2) rotatably mounted within a scroll housing (3), The centrifugal fan comprises a plurality of circumferentially spaced fan blades fixed to a central fan axle extending along an axial direction (A) and/ or to a circumferential fan ring extending in a plane orthogonal to an axial direction (A). The scroll housing (3) comprises a housing main portion (3b) with a maximum housing diameter D and a maximum axial housing width H, a housing inlet portion (3a) and a housing outlet portion (3c), said housing main portion (3b) surrounding said centrifugal fan (2) at radially outer locations to define a circumferentially extending air guiding space (GS). The housing inlet portion (3a) is located at radially inner locations to define an inner air inlet space (IS). The housing outlet portion (3c) is located at a radially outer location in order to define an air outlet space (OS). A ratio D/H between said maximum housing diameter D of said housing main portion and said maximum axial housing width Hof said housing main portion (3b) is comprised between 20/10 and 35/10, and preferably between 25/10 and 32/10.
id-EP4181641A1    abstract-This application provides a heat exchange module and a cabinet. The heat exchange module is used in the cabinet. The cabinet further includes a cabinet body. The cabinet body has a first space and a second space. A temperature of the first space is higher than a temperature of the second space. The heat exchange module has a first air circulation system and a second air circulation system, and heat exchange may be performed between the first air circulation system and the second air circulation system. Both an air intake vent and an air exhaust vent of the first air circulation system are configured to be connected to the first space. An air exhaust vent of the second air circulation system is connected to an external space, and an air intake vent of the second air circulation system can be configured to be selectively connected to the external space and/or the second space. The air intake vent of the second air circulation system may be selected to obtain air from the external space and/or the second space according to heat dissipation requirements of the first space and the second space. Heat dissipation of the first space and/or the second space can be implemented by using one heat exchange module. Therefore, flexibility is high.
id-EP4202344A1    abstract-A heat exchanging element includes a first passage forming member (1) and a second passage forming member stacked alternately. The first passage forming member (1) and the second passage forming member each include: a rib portion (31) including a first wall portion constituting an end in a first direction of the first passage, a second wall portion constituting an end in the first direction of the second passage, and a third wall portion separating the first passage and the second passage adjacent to each other in a second direction from each other; a board (15) being in contact with an end (37) in a third direction of the rib portion (31), and separating a first connection passage communicating with the first passage and a second connection passage communicating with the second passage from each other; a first blocking portion (38) installed at the end (37) of the rib portion (31), to block between the first passage and the second connection passage; and a second blocking portion (39) installed at the end (37) of the rib portion (31), to block between the second passage and the first connection passage.
id-US20220136166A1    abstract-A heat exchange exhaust system for a clothes dryer, comprising an inner exhaust air conduit, an outer air supply conduit concentric with and external to the inner exhaust air conduit; a plurality of radial fins for maintaining a volume between the inner exhaust conduit and the external supply conduit; sealing means for sealing the back perimeter of the clothes dryer to an adjacent wall; and an air supply plenum within the adjacent wall from which the inner exhaust air conduit and outer air supply conduit connect to an external building wall. All incoming supply air may be drawn from the exterior and all exhaust air may be exhausted to the exterior. The supply air and exhaust air are physically separated. Heat energy in the exhaust air is transferred from the outgoing exhaust air to the incoming air supply to preheat the incoming air supply and cool the exhaust air.
id-US20220252357A1    abstract-A system including a heat exchanger with two or more channels is provided. The system includes means for one or more source channels and one or more load channels. The source channels and load channels are enclosed for containing and channeling a heat-bearing fluid through the heat exchanger. The source channels and load channels are integrated as components of complete source circuits and load circuits with the purpose of conveying the heat-bearing fluids between heat/cold loads and the heat exchanger. The system also includes means for providing thermal storage that may be used for sensible heat storage, latent heat storage, or a combination of sensible heat storage and latent heat storage. Within the system there are means for putting the source channels, load channels and thermal storage means in intimate thermal communication with one another for the purpose of exchanging heat in all flow-directions.
id-US20230235916A1    abstract-A total heat exchange element includes partition plates, and spacers shaped into a corrugated shape in which a plurality of apexes are connected by side walls, the partition plates and the spacers being stacked such that extending directions of the plurality of apexes intersect between the spacers adjacent to each other. A plurality of flow paths include flow paths each having a shape which is line-symmetrical with respect to a straight line extending in the stacking direction, and flow paths each having a shape which is not line-symmetrical with respect to a straight line extending in the stacking direction. The length of the side walls constituting the flow paths each having a shape which is not line-symmetrical is longer than the length of the side walls constituting the flow paths having a shape which is line-symmetrical.
id-WO2022060913A2    abstract-A new thermal system utilizing removable heat pump modules to decrease servicing time and complexity increase the range of refrigerants safely usable increase the efficiency of many thermal systems and serve new industrial thermal needs. Safe use of potentially toxic and flammable refrigerants is enabled by enclosing the heat pump modules within a hermetic enclosure with multiple overpressure safeties employed, The tool necessary for servicing these thermal systems without any refrigerant leakage is included.
id-US11255568B1    abstract-An energy capture ventilation device is provided. The energy ventilation device includes a housing. The housing is formed by a number of side walls to define an interior volume. A duct is connected to the housing, to interface with a ventilation system. A vent is placed on the housing opposite of the duct. At least one generator is attached to the duct. The generator includes a turbine and is connected to a battery. When the turbine is rotated, power is supplied to the battery.
id-US11391487B2    abstract-A house/building fresh air to air cross flow heat exchanger includes an inner elongate conduit disposed longitudinally within an outer elongate housing thereby defining a first air passageway through the inner conduit and a second air passageway between the inner conduit and the housing. A portion of the inner conduit is constructed with a sorption paper wall/assembly between the passageways. The sorption paper assembly is cylindrical shaped and includes a plurality of longitudinally extending folded pleats thereby increasing the surface area between the exhaust and incoming fresh air passageways. A cylindrical air permeable screen extends longitudinally through and radially supports the sorption paper wall/assembly. The passageways can be connected to a furnace duct using air scoops to thereby forcibly direct air through the passageways. Alternatively, a fan assembly is aligned with the passageways for forcibly directing air therethrough.
id-EP3974741A1    abstract-An air treatment device for changing the air in rooms, the device (1) having a flat-shaped casing (22) configured to be housed in an insulating cladding (4) of a perimeter wall (2) of a building and comprising a box-shaped body (23); a lateral panel (24); and at least one mouth (25) for the passage of at least an air flow, in which the first lateral panel (24) is arranged flush with or near a face (8) that forms at least an edge with at least an outer face (6) of the perimeter wall (2) .
id-WO2022065046A1    abstract-In the heat exchanger (10), the partition member (15) and the interval holding member (25,55) are stacked alternately. The interval holding member (25,55) has a frame part (30,60) along the periphery of the partition member (15). At the predetermined position of the frame (30,60), a notch (38,68) is formed for opening on the outer surface of the frame (30,60). The surface of the notch part (38,68) of each interval holding member (25,55) is covered by the sealing member (81).
id-US20220090802A1    abstract-An air handling unit (AHU), comprising: a shell defining a cavity and comprising at least an air ingress on a shell surface and an air egress on another shell surface; a condensing coil disposed within the cavity; a cooling coil disposed between the air ingress and the condensing coil; and an energy recovery coil disposed between the condensing coil and the air egress.
id-US20220042451A1    abstract-An energy recapturing apparatus is disclosed. The energy recapturing apparatus is housed within a frame that is configured to fit within a preexisting fluid passageway. The frame is further attached to a sliding mechanism, which enables the frame to be easily removed from the preexisting fluid passageway. Further, the frame is configured to accept at least one turbine that contains a plurality of blades. The turbine is able to convert the energy of fluid movement into electricity.
id-EP3988855A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a decentralized system for providing an optimized environment in a room, the decentralized system comprising a balanced ventilation system and a fluid system both arranged in a housing and a control system for regulating the decentralized system, the decentralised system comprising a suspended compressor and fluid collection system.
id-JP6925567B1    abstract-It is used for both ventilation and ventilation at the same time. The partition plate is composed of a first porous substrate with multiple first holes formed, a first layer with at least part of the first hole forming the first pinhole, and a second porous substrate with laminated in the first layer forming the second hole of at least one. The second layer is formed by the second hole of the part in a position different from that of the first pinhole, and the third layer is laminated in the second layer and is a non-water-soluble permeable resin.
id-US20220128266A1    abstract-A ventilation system in accordance with the present disclosure includes a housing and a core unit arranged in the housing. A fresh air inlet, an exhaust air inlet, a fresh air outlet, and an exhaust air outlet are arranged on the housing. The core unit is arranged between the inlets and outlets to transfer heat and/or humidity between fresh air and exhaust air flowing through the ventilation system. The exhaust air flows through ducting to an exhaust port in a wall of a building structure.
id-WO2022084156A1    abstract-The components of the exhaust device consist of two fixed flat wave devices (2.2,320), which make up the gears. The two flaps are common axes (221 and 222), and can be moved as defined by a swing axis (S). The two flaps are fixed switches that can be detonated simultaneously using the same engine (10). This shut-off device allows the use of two parallel circuit boards without any side channels.
id-WO2022086013A1    abstract-The window type ventilation system starts. Window type ventilation system according to the invention, the interior of the housing as polluted indoor air and outdoor air, contaminated indoor air and outdoor air inflow since the heat exchange and heat exchange when some air into the indoor heat exchange since the rest of emissions into the air outdoor.
id-WO2022086017A1    abstract-The invention relates to an outdoor rainwater membrane discharge and a window-type ventilation device containing, case; A rim member formed in the form of a wall along the rim area of one side of the casing; Absence of multiple rain water film formed on the side wall of the rim member and inclined downwards; And provide an outdoor rainwater membrane discharge of a window-type ventilation system that includes an air passage formed between each rainwater membrane members.
id-WO2022108129A1    abstract-The invention relates to a ventilating device and its control method. A ventilating device according to the implementation example of the present invention, wherein is formed an exhaust channel through which the air drawn from the indoor to the outdoor flows, and a housing wherein is formed a feed channel through which the air drawn from the outdoor to the indoor flows; Heat exchangers for heat exchange between the air discharged from the above indoor to the indoor, and the air entering the indoor from the above indoor; A humidifying unit arranged at the exit side of the above air supply channel, and providing moisture to the air entering the room from the above outdoor; A ministry of communications which conducts communication with at least one of the outdoor and indoor machines; The above control unit, including and control unit, can, on the basis of the data received by the above communication, determine the amount of the above moisture supplied by the above humidifying unit, and control the action of the above humidifying unit according to the amount of moisture determined above. A variety of other examples are available.
id-EP3995749A1    abstract-The invention comprises: a chassis (11) with multiple aspects limiting the internal space (11) of the chassis (11), and a front chassis with 14 (11) chassis having a unique mouth (16). The reason is that on the second side (18) of the human body, the base (11) has an outlet (19) for the thruster, an outlet (15) for the mechanical thruster and an inner chamber (12) with an inner hatch (19) connected to each other. Grundkorper (11): indicates the first Teilkorper (20), in which Gerateanschlussoffnung (15) was trained and there is a Teilkorper (21), in which framework Anschlussoffnung (19) is organized Teilkorper (21) either in the first befestiges ungsposition which second Seitenflache (18) first came to Seitenflache angrenzend(14), another befestiges ungsposition judgment intersecting with the first page (18), then connected with the first page (20).
id-US20220170664A1    abstract-The present application provides a heat exchange device. The heat exchange device includes: a case, an interior of which is formed into an air-supply inflow space, an exhaust inflow space, an air-supply outflow space and an exhaust outflow space separated from each other, wherein a first extension wall is provided between the air-supply inflow space and the exhaust outflow space; and a heat exchange unit disposed in the case, and the air-supply inflow space and the air-supply outflow space communicate with each other by the heat exchange unit to form an air-supply air path, and the exhaust inflow space and the exhaust outflow space communicate with each other by the heat exchange unit to form an exhaust air path, wherein the air-supply air path and the exhaust air path exchange heat when passing through the heat exchange unit; the first extension wall is provided with a circulation air port communicating the air-supply inflow space and the exhaust outflow space, wherein the circulation air port may be selectively opened and closed. The heat exchange device may not only provide indoor air circulation but also ensure heat exchange efficiency.
id-EP3995748A1    abstract-In terms of invention, a Luftungsgerat-Luftleitungsbauteil (8), aufweisend Grundkorper (11) a series of Seitenflachen dividers inside (12) Grundkorpers limits (11), but in the pre-Seitenflache (14) is trained Gerateanschlussoffnung (16), and in the second Seite nflache (19 years old) first Anschlussoffnung frame (20). Page 1 has the same rules (14) as page 2 (19). There is a second rear cover (22) in the third side (21) of the base (11), and the third side (21) combines the first side (14) with the second side (19). Grundkorper (11) is a Verschlusseinrichtung(28) fix, while Verschlusseinrichtung Anschlussoffnung (20)(28) or the former dichtend Verschlißend orders stabilization, internal Gerateanschlussoffnung (16)(12) and second Anschlussoffnung stromungsverbunden (22), or with second Anschlussoffnung (22) dichtend Verschlißend complains that, therefore, the subsequent outlet (16) of the device is connected to the first outlet (20) inside the inner chamber (12).
id-WO2022113770A1    abstract-Ventilate device installed outdoors, casing 2, heat exchanger 41 and electrical unit 27 contained in casing 2, and electrical wiring 29a connected to electrical unit 27 Fixed part 36 is provided for fixing 29b to casing 2, heat exchanger 41 is removed from casing 2 side, and electrical unit 27 is used for casting heat exchanger 41 in the direction of removal from casing 2 They are configured on the upper side of the image region K, and in casing 2, pull 31a and 31b are formed on the lower side of the projection region K, which are used to pull the electrical wiring 29a and 29b out to the outside. The electrical wiring 29a and 29b are arranged to be fixed between 31b and 31b on a path that avoids the projection region K.
