id-WO2011089728A1    abstract-The ventilation terminal device 1 of the present invention includes: the outdoor air intake port 27 that breathes the outdoor air outside the building, the outdoor air intake port 11 that directly breathes the outdoor air into the indoor space of the building, the first indoor air intake port 12 that directly breathes the indoor air from the indoor space, and the indoor air outlet that discharging the indoor air. The main body 30, which forms an outlet 18, is accommodated and supplied in the main body, and the air outlet 25, which forms in the main body and connects the air intake port and the air outlet, and the air outlet 24, which forms in the main body and connects the indoor air intake port and the indoor air outlet. A heat exchanger 10 for heat exchange between the outside air passing through the air outlet and the indoor air passing through the air outlet. The indoor air outlet is connected to the ring air duct 3 extending to the room from the exhaust blower set separately from the main body.
id-WO2011079371A1    abstract-An air conditioning system (10) using a refrigerant fluid (102) and a cooling liquid, the air conditioning system (10) comprising: a first compartment (22) defining a first air inlet (31) and a first air outlet (33) and a first ventilator (28) for creating a first air flow (35) through the first compartment (22) from the first air inlet (31) to the first air outlet (33); a first heat exchange unit (16) provided in the first compartment (22) for allowing heat exchange between the refrigerant fluid (102) and the first air flow (35) when the refrigerant fluid (102) is circulated through the first heat exchange unit (16); a second heat exchange unit (14) also provided in the first compartment (22) for allowing heat exchange between the refrigerant fluid (102) and the first air flow (35) when the refrigerant fluid (102) is circulated through the second heat exchange unit (14), the second heat exchange unit (14) being provided downstream from the first heat exchange unit (16) relatively to the first air flow (35), the second heat exchange unit (14) being in fluid communication with the first heat exchange unit (16) for allowing circulation of the refrigerant fluid (102) from the second heat exchange unit (14) to the first heat exchange unit (16). The second heat exchange unit (14) is a desuperheater in which the refrigerant fluid (102) is cooled down by the first air flow (35) while remaining gaseous and the first heat exchange unit (16) is a condenser in which the refrigerant fluid (102) condenses when cooled by the first air flow (35).
id-EP2357422A2    abstract-The invention comprises an air conditioning device with an exhaust gas regulating device inside and an exhaust gas regulating device outside in order to extract the exhaust gas emissions and pour them into the air.
id-US9380731B2    abstract-Environment conditioning system of the inner space of a data center ( 2 ) is provided with electronic equipment ( 3 ). The system ( 1 ) includes a passive air-to-air heat exchanger ( 4 ), configured to enable heat exchange, without air cross-contamination, between an outer air flow ( 5 ) and a recirculation air flow ( 6 ). The recirculation air flow ( 6 ) comes from the inner space of a data center ( 2 ) and it is intended to condition it after passing through the air-to-air heat exchanger ( 4 ).
id-US20130036913A1    abstract-Provided is an air conditioning system capable of high efficiency operation and a compact structure. The air conditioning system is provided with a desiccant and a heat pump. The desiccant absorbs air moisture and the heat pump employs the treating air as a low-temperature heat source while employing the reproducing air as a high-temperature heat source to supply reproducing air with heat for reproducing the desiccant. Heat exchange occurs between the reproducing air before being heated by the heat pump.
id-EP2369252A2    abstract-Cooling units built on the principle of cooling require process air. Heating the air in a humid environment will reduce the temperature of the air So far, the process air is only composed of a partial mixture, so the ventilation fan (13) needs to transport more air than the cooling environment needs. Therefore, the ventilation fan (13) requires more electrical energy. According to the invention, he was able to use the empty space to create air in the process. At the same time, all that is needed for the intake valve (13) is to transport air into the space to be cooled, rather than to transport it into the process. This saves electricity and is more efficient.
id-WO2011108814A2    abstract-Invention, indoor air inlet and air is inhaled, recall by rotating air inlet side for inhaling air emissions from the fans and remind, recall, and formed the fan drive wealth and remind, fan rotating air circulation by the rotation of the cooling and heating coil and cooling or heating of recall, driven and formed in the central area, Cooling and heating coil by selectively 상기 heating the air into the indoor air shipped toretto exits and air cooling and heating coil and remind, lowing the exit, recall, and formed between the air outlet direction of air passage, narrowing to recall the shape formed by air, discharge the air by standing at the exit is disorder, in the hopper and accelerate Remind the air Saturday or recall the exit formed and combined with the Bragg grating interviews with air as it passes through the hopper 촉하 recall, recall correspondingly the air speed of air exit can put wealth that rotates the exit air, which include the Bragg grating hopper and equipped with rotary torque exit 4 direction which commenced on heating and air conditioning for indoor ceiling. According to the invention, by a speed hopper with tapered cross section, the cooling and heating air can be reached to the indoor floor by increasing the discharge speed of air, and the air outlet can be rotated at a certain speed to make the indoor air uniformly and uniformly heated.
id-EP2375180A2    abstract-An Entfeuchtungsvorrichtung reduces the use of Feuchtigkeitsgehalts in the air room, coping with the Windows of 10,000 people, Luftfuhrungselement Luftfuhrungselement At least an air exchange consists of one Abluftstelle and at least one Luftbewegungselement, wherein Luftbewegungselement Außenluftstelle and/or the index Abluftstelle is one of the main Luftbewegungselement Luftbewegungselementen Anstromelement in which each domain name passes through the air Luftbewegungselement The zufuhrbar has always been a particularly simple Nachrustbarkeit form, so that the Luftfuhrungselement sill integrierbar sill is at least one Abluftstelle for air exchange. Air exchange with Abluftstelle Luftfuhrungselements in the Stromungsverbindung enterprise. The corresponding window system is also displayed.
id-EP2372264A2    abstract-Technology for operating air engineering equipment: In a room where the temperature of injected air is below the expected minimum temperature of the gas, the air is operated through the first and second air channels in the air, atmosphere, exhaust gas and/or ambient air. The air ducts through which there are Querverbindung as well as warmetechnisch Warmeruckgewinnungseinrichtung koppelbar are through at least one einstellbaren The Verschlusseinrichtung lock is opened or partially or completely opened at the same time as the Querverbindung is fully opened or partially or completely closed, and the shunt is envisaged to be opened either wholly or partially by an einstellbaren Verschlussvorrichtung lock. The idea is to reduce Außenlufttemperaturen by shunting Verschlussvorrichtung(24)(22) to make Zuluft Zuluftminimaltemperatur is not unterschreitet in a further downward trend, but the penguins pass Verschlusseinrichtung(30 years old) in a vent pipe (560) ready to be closed thus opening the Querverbindung (29 years old) Be prepared so that the temperature of the power air does not fall below the expected miniature air temperature, and simultaneously use a closed device (24) to regulate the bypass (22) to keep the mixture below the minimum temperature. It also includes a corresponding air equipment and a room with mechanical equipment.
id-EP2372262A2    abstract-For example, a room with heating inside the battery must be cooled. If the outside air is two circles, then the high outdoor temperature in the summer cannot be low enough. And it's a matter of effective temperature and water. The purpose of the invention is to use the principle of indirect evaporation to cool indoor air. Outdoor air is generated by the wetting of salt, so indoor air is warmer and more suitable for cooling.
id-US9765986B2    abstract-The disclosure relates to a Demand Control Ventilation (DCV) and/or Economizer system that is capable of drawing outside air into an HVAC air stream. In some instances, the DCV and/or Economizer system may be configured to help perform one or more system checks to help verify that the system is functioning properly. In some instances, the DCV and/or Economizer system may provide some level of manual control over certain hardware (e.g. dampers) to help commission the system. The DCV and/or Economizer system may store one or more settings and or parameters used during the commissioning process (either in the factory or in the field), so that these settings and/or parameters may be later accessed to verify that the DCV and/or Economizer system was commissioned and commissioned properly.
id-US20110259573A1    abstract-A cooling system comprises a first heat exchanger installed inside a room; a second heat exchanger installed outside the room; and a piping system that enables a refrigerant to naturally circulate between the first heat exchanger and the second heat exchanger. The piping system includes the first supply pipe and the second supply pipe. The first supply pipe supplies liquid refrigerant from the second heat exchanger to the first heat exchanger and the liquid refrigerant is heated by heat exchanging in a third heat exchanger with vaporized refrigerant supplied from the first heat exchanger to the second heat exchanger. The second supply pipe supplies liquid refrigerant from the second heat exchanger to the first heat exchanger bypassing the third heat exchanger.
id-JP2013525734A    abstract-Supplies heat exchange elements for ventilation devices for window doors. In the heat exchange element of the ventilation device for window doors, where multiple heat exchange plates are stacked and a large number of hollow parts are formed between the heat exchange plates, the central part of the heat exchange plates is made of total heat exchangeable material, and the outer frame surrounding the central part is sensible heat exchangeable Total heat and sensible heat composite heat exchange elements for ventilation equipment for window doors, which are characterized by their ability to make materials. According to the invention, the heat exchange performance and the load structure can be improved.
id-JP2011257124A    abstract-[challenges] the aim is to make maintenance work easier by using a heat exchange element unit in which multiple heat exchange elements are placed facing each other from the inspection port of the heat exchange unit to form a air path. The solution is a heat exchange device having a heat exchange element 11 that polymerizes multiple plate bodies 10c in a state separated from each other at specified intervals and exchanges heat between the plate bodies 10c through indoor air and external air alternately. An outlet (inner air outlet 11a of the element) and an external air outlet (outer air outlet 11b of the element) are arranged adjacent to each other, and in addition, the boundary part between the inner air outlet 11a of the element and the outer air outlet 11b of the element is arranged to form an integrated heat exchange element 11. Maintenance work can be achieved by forming the heat exchange element unit 12 in which the heat exchange element 11 and the air path are integrated without separately removing the air path that divides the multiple heat exchange elements 11 during maintenance. Heat exchange equipment can be provided to facilitate the business. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US9816724B2    abstract-An integrated ventilation unit configured to provide ventilation and conditioned air to an indoor space may include a heat pump system, an energy recovery device and a control unit. The heat pump system may include a first coil located at a supply air side of the ventilation unit, a second coil located at an exhaust air side of the ventilation unit, and a compressor. The energy recovery device may be configured to transfer heat between a return air stream and a supply air stream and the control unit may be configured to control operation of the heat pump system and the energy recovery device.
id-US20220003436A1    abstract-An energy exchanger is provided. The exchanger includes a housing having a front and a back. A plurality of panels forming desiccant channels extend from the front to the back of the housing. Air channels are formed between adjacent panels. The air channels are configured to direct an air stream in a direction from the front of the housing to the back of the housing. A desiccant inlet is provided in flow communication with the desiccant channels. A desiccant outlet is provided in flow communication with the desiccant channels. The desiccant channels are configured to channel desiccant from the desiccant inlet to the desiccant outlet in at least one of a counter-flow or cross-flow direction with respect to the direction of the air stream.
id-EP2400231A2    abstract-The invention aspect is that the enterprise discloses at least two Sorptionswarmetauscheranlage (10) Sorptionswarmetauschern (11a, 11b) and Sorptionswarmetauscher (11) wechselweise Konditionierungsmodus and Regenerationsmodus channels to carry out a Luftstroms quasikontinuierliche conditioned and compressed air in at least partial contact with the fixed Trocknungsmittel to make it (12). The invention is fitted with a vacuum cleaner (10). A better condition adjustment of vacuum cleaner in vacuum cleaner and vacuum cleaner system is invented. The labeled procedure goes through the following steps: drying and cooling Außenluftteilstroms(a), undergoing a klimatisierende Außenluftteilstroms(a) in the internal environment, and then cooling, passing through the local klimatisierenden abzufuhrenden Abluft(from), heating and regenerating the second Sorptionswarmetauschers 11 (b). Characteristic Sorptionswarmetauscheranlage (10) is composed by a formal Trocknungsmittel Luftstroms. Let dry (12)
id-US10309685B2    abstract-A combined heating, ventilation, air conditioning, and refrigeration (“HVACR”) system including an HVAC sub-system and a refrigeration sub-system. The HVAC sub-system is in communication with an open space of an indoor environment and includes a first condenser, a first evaporator, and a first compressor at least partially defining a first refrigerant circuit circulating a first refrigerant for selectively conditioning an airflow within the HVAC sub-system that conditions the open space. The refrigeration sub-system is in communication with an enclosed space within the indoor environment and includes a second condenser, a second evaporator, and a second compressor and at least partially defining a second refrigerant circuit circulating a second refrigerant for selectively conditioning the enclosed space. Heat from the second refrigerant is selectively transferred to the airflow within the second condenser to reheat the airflow prior to the airflow being discharged into the open space.
id-US8442694B2    abstract-An air conditioner and a method of controlling the same are disclosed herein. The method of controlling the air conditioner includes receiving an electric power rate information, and distributing an internal air from a first indoor room to a second indoor room to reduce a temperature difference between a plurality of indoor rooms. During periods of peak power rates, costs associated with operating the air conditioner may be reduced by limiting operation of the indoor and outdoor units, while adjusting the temperatures of the indoor rooms by distributing air among the plurality of the indoor rooms.
id-US20120023988A1    abstract-To reduce energy consumption, a desiccant air-conditioning system is provided with: an air supply channel  1  that supplies outside air A 1  that flows from the outside, to an object to be air-conditioned; an exhaust channel  2  that exhausts return air A 2  that flows from the object to be air-conditioned, to the outside; a desiccant portion  10  that adsorbs moisture from the outside air A 1  passing through the air supply channel  1 , and that desorbs the adsorbed moisture to the return air A 2  passing through the exhaust channel  2 ; a first cooling portion  31  which is installed between the desiccant portion  10  and the object to be air-conditioned in the air supply channel, and which cools the outside air A 1 ; a second cooling portion  44  which is installed between the desiccant portion  10  and the first cooling portion  31  in the air supply channel, and which absorbs the heat from the outside air A 1  to cool it; a heating portion  45  which is installed between the desiccant portion  10  and the object to be air-conditioned in the exhaust channel  2 , and which heats the return air A 2  up to at least the regeneration temperature at which the desiccant portion  10  desorbs the moisture; and a heat supplying portion  50  that supplies the heat absorbed from the outside air A 1  by the second cooling portion  44 , to the heating portion  45.
id-US20120012290A1    abstract-An architectural heat and moisture exchanger. The exchanger defines an interior channel which is divided into a plurality of sub-channels by a membrane configured to allow passage of water vapor and to prevent substantial passage of air. In some embodiments, the exchanger includes an opaque housing configured to form a portion of a building enclosure, such as an exterior wall, an interior wall, a roof, a floor, or a foundation.
id-US20130126123A1    abstract-An architectural heat and moisture exchanger. The exchanger defines an interior channel which is divided into a plurality of sub-channels by a membrane configured to allow passage of water vapor and to prevent substantial passage of air. In some embodiments, the exchanger includes an opaque housing configured to form a portion of a building enclosure, such as an exterior wall, an interior wall, a roof, a floor, or a foundation.
id-WO2012011865A3    abstract-A traditional packaged Air handling unit (AHU) with a perpendicular rotary heat exchanger (rotor) design uses excessive fan energy to overcome the pressure drop of the rotary heat exchanger when the full recovery effect of the heat exchanger is not required. The present invention relates to an Air Handling Unit (AHU) comprising at least one rotary heat exchanger (6) tilted at an angle, one or more air inlets (2), air outlets (3), air filters (5), fan enclosures (4), and one or more centrifugal plenum fans (8) producing an air flow through the AHU. The AHU further includes one or more bypass channels (7), with bypass dampers (10) being placed on one or both sides of the rotary heat exchanger (6), said bypass dampers (10) when arranged in an open, partially closed or completely closed position directs the airflow produced by the centrifugal plenum fans (8) to pass through either the bypass channel (7), or the rotary heat exchanger (6), or both. This combination provides an improved fan energy consumption over existing designs with rotary heat exchangers without extending the cross sectional dimensions of the AHU.
id-US20140131004A1    abstract-The fresh air heat exchangers function to supply ventilation, heating and air purification. The device does this whether the building is occupied or empty. The outside air is drawn in, filtered, then passed through the heat exchangers where room air is passed adjacent to it and its heat is extracted and transferred to the incoming fresh air. The room air is subsequently exhausted outside. The preheated fresh outside air continues on to a hot water coil where it is additionally heated and then passed over a UV cell for purification. The purified heated air is introduced to the room. In the building unoccupied phase, room air is cycled back into the room without bringing fresh air in.
id-EP2423628A2    abstract-Heat exchanger comprising a membrane system defining a series of channels for the passage of air, whereby said membrane has a thickness of less than 1000µm, is(are) resistant to water and water vapor, and has(have) a multi-layered structure comprising : (a) a central core layer having a thermal conductivity of less than 0.50 W/(m.K) ; (b) a first outer coating layer, and (c) a second outer coating layer,  whereby said outer coating layers are made of superhydrophobic material and a surface roughness having a root mean square surface roughness between 1.1µm and 20µm, and a Wenzel roughness factor above 1.2.
id-WO2012020907A1    abstract-The invention relates to an air conditioning unit using cooling/dehumidification heat recovery technology, inside the upper air conditioning unit (10), the blower (20), heat exchanger (30), cooling coil (40) and blower (70) are positioned in turn along the airflow direction; The above heat exchanger (30) and cooling coil (40) are positioned between the above blower (20) and the above blower (70); 상기 heat exchanger (40) in the front of the cooling coil (30) is installed and remind, heat exchanger (30) of the lower airways by vertical compartment () () 10A formed above, cooling coil (40) sell vertical zoning in the downstream side of the plate (at) (Japan) and horizontal segment connected 10A airways () by (10B airways) formed and remind, heat exchanger (30), Cooling coil (40) and the upper part of the airways (10B) are connected with the lower airways (10A) (10C airways) remind as heat exchanger (30) formed through air cooled by the cooling coil (40), and then remind again remind (40) passing through the cooling coil heat exchanger (30) being the revival of the technical features. The invention can double save the energy required for cooling/dehumidification and reheating of air by the above structure.
id-US8584479B2    abstract-An air conditioner having a refrigeration cycle including a compressor, a radiator, a pressure-reducing device and an evaporator, a total heat exchanger for performing heat-exchange between outdoor air and air under cooling operation using the evaporator for a room to be air-conditioned, and for ventilating the room to be air-conditioned, and a desiccant rotor having a moisture adsorbing area for adsorbing moisture in the outdoor air when the outdoor air is introduced, and regenerating the moisture adsorbing area by heat of the radiator, the outdoor air successively flowing through the total heat exchanger, the evaporator and the moisture adsorbing area in this order and then entering the room to be air-conditioned.
id-US10184684B2    abstract-A ventilation system for an air conditioning system includes dampers, a heat exchange unit, and a control unit. One damper controls the flow of ambient air into the system. The other damper controls the flow of relief/exhaust air that is utilized to scavenge energy from return air from a room or space being cooled (or heated) by the air conditioning system. The ventilation system utilizes a control algorithm in the control unit to calculate, at stepped spaced apart increasing room ventilation rates, increasing CO2 concentrations in the air in the room that are below a maximum desired CO2 concentration in a room. The control algorithm permits a control unit in the ventilation system to open and close the dampers to maintain a CO2 concentration in the room that is below the desired CO2 concentration level.
id-US20120064818A1    abstract-A ventilation system for an air conditioning system includes dampers, a heat exchange unit, and a control unit. One damper controls the flow of ambient air into the system. The other damper controls the flow of relief/exhaust air that is cannibalized from return air from a room or space being cooled (or heated) by the air conditioning system. The ventilation system utilizes a control algorithm in the control unit to calculate, at stepped spaced apart increasing room ventilation rates, increasing CO2 concentrations in the air in the room that are below a maximum desired CO2 concentration in a room. The control algorithm permits a control unit in the ventilation system to open and close the dampers to maintain a CO2 concentration in the room that is below the desired CO2 concentration level.
id-EP2423614A1    abstract-An air handling unit (2) uses at least one or more plate heat exchangers (28, 30) which receive their cooling air supplies in parallel from a low level fresh air supply which can be adiabatically cooled to maximise efficiency. The recirculated air from sealed ductwork at a high level in a data room is cooled by the plate heat exchangers in series.
id-WO2012023686A1    abstract-본 invention into indoor air and outdoor air emissions as the heat exchange heat from heat exchange to remind remind on inlet air remind indoor heat exchange mode which supply and heat exchange is unnecessary if outdoor cooling outdoor air intake via euro directly to bypass in the ministry of agriculture, total heat exchange reminded the indoor outdoor cooling mode which influx selectively operate the outdoor air cooling heat recovery ventilation system has the function of the control method Offer. Outdoor cooling features of this invention with heat recovery ventilator control method of ventilation system and based on the information first, indoor air pollution indoor or outdoor air intake if contamination occurs in the direct introduction is advantageous in terms of energy and environment when only selectively movable can save energy by the ventilation system, and secondly, Outdoor cooling 가능여부 advantageous in terms of energy saving mode according to judge or outdoor cooling mode automatically selects the total heat exchanger can operate and, thirdly, the indoor air contamination under ventilation standards set by cases, a reduction in the cooling zone of outdoor air curbing unnecessary outdoor cooling on energy efficiency and maintaining a pleasant environment with possible effects.
id-US20120291992A1    abstract-A system transfers thermal energy between incoming supply air and outgoing exhaust air. The system comprises: at least four rotary heat exchange units positioned in an array so that incoming supply air and outgoing exhaust air passes through each of the wheels as counter flowing air streams; and partitions defining at least three pathways for directing the counter flowing air streams through the rotary heat exchange units. A method of transferring thermal energy between incoming supply air and outgoing exhaust air is also described. The method comprises: positioning at least four rotary heat exchange units in an array in an air transfer system so that incoming supply air and outgoing exhaust air passes through each of the wheels as counter flowing air streams; and defining at least three pathways for directing the counter flowing air streams through the rotary heat exchange units.
id-US20120211194A1    abstract-An apparatus for recovering energy from freezer exhaust includes a heat exchanger disposed for coaction with a freezer in a first atmosphere, the heat exchanger having a first heat transfer surface in communication with the freezer exhaust and the first atmosphere, and a second heat transfer surface in communication with the freezer exhaust and the first atmosphere; a discharge conduit in communication with the first and second heat transfer surfaces, and extending to a second atmosphere remote from the first atmosphere; a first valve assembly disposed for coaction with the first and second heat transfer surfaces, the first valve assembly movable to direct a flow of the freezer exhaust to a select one of the first and second heat transfer surfaces or optionally to direct the flow to both the first and second heat transfer surfaces; and a first blower to move a flow of the first atmosphere to a select one or both of the first and second heat transfer surfaces for heat transfer with the flow of the freezer exhaust.
id-WO2012032167A1    abstract-Ventilation system (10) for supplying fresh air, exhaust of used air (14) and extraction of exhaust air (18), where the system (10) comprising closable channel connections (57), and a rotor heat exchanger (12) or a heat exchanger rotor (54) for belt or friction drive from an motor (13), regulated fans (28, 34) for pressure regulation in the channels (33), an afterheater (31), silencer (45) for direct sound and propagating sound and vibrations, filters (30, 36) for ventilation, and one monitoring system (26) with sensor circuitry (101-106) for monitoring, controlling and securing the operation, including status registration based on coordination of several registered values.
id-EP2431679A3    abstract-The invention comprises a ventilation system (1) equipped with a vent hole (2), a vent hole (4), an outlet (5) and a heat exchange (3). The Field Assets Control System provides a Raumbeluftung Gerateanpassung with this aspect of the existing spacious input and cost optimization system and the use of components that allow price increases to be invented :(1) Raumbeluftung Before Luftungsgerat (2), simultaneously ordered thermal energy by (3)rauminnenseitig and Abluftkanal Zuluftkanal(4), (5) through a Raumwand(20) education is led to Fensteroffnung (12).
id-EP2436991A1    abstract-This hood (H) for treating air in a kitchen (C), equipped with an air extraction system (4, 20, 22) and an air blowing system (32, 34, 36) in the kitchen (C), fed from outside air, and includes means (24) for recovering part of the heat energy contained in the air extracted from the kitchen (C). By the recovery means (24), and a circuit (40, 42) connecting in a loop the recovery means (24) and the heating means (38), while a heat transport fluid carries the recovered energy to the heating means (38) via the circuit (40, 42). The hood (H) includes means (62) for measuring the temperature of the air outside the kitchen, and means (52) for turning on or off the means for heating (38) the air blown into the kitchen as a function of the temperature (S62) of the air outside the kitchen.
id-US9194630B2    abstract-A dual air flow exchanger, enabling heat transfer and humidity transfer between two air flows, and including a plurality of air circulation networks stacked on each other along a stacking direction and separated in pairs by membranes permeable to water vapor and impermeable to air. At least one of the networks is made from a honeycomb structure with its two sides bearing on two of the membranes, the structure including cylindrical cells with axes parallel to the direction, and in which at least some of the cell faces are perforated to allow air passage.
id-EP2444755A3    abstract-At the time of litigation a Luftungseinrichtung uses an Abluftkanal heat by (4) passing from Gebaudeinneren abgefuhrte Raumluft dead, the Zuluftkanal ability, by venting from freedom to zugefuhrte the greater, would be below Temperaturgrenzwertes to block a Verschlusses Warmetauschers Abluftkanals (4) are continuously sensitive to the Zuluftkanal zugefuhrte air belt at least one equator. Heizelement (10) In the process of fresh air warming, at least one heat cell (10) will be repeated, and ice will be produced in the process of fresh air warming, and ice will be melted in the subsequent stage of fresh air warming. (Character)
id-JPWO2012050084A1    abstract-Conventional desiccant air conditioning systems that use light energy such as sunlight have problems in efficiency and regeneration temperature, and are not sufficiently satisfied in terms of performance. The purpose of the present invention is to provide a desiccant sheet that can absorb and release moisture efficiently by using thermal energy obtained from light energy such as sunlight. Furthermore, a desiccant element and a desiccant sheet utilizing such a sheet are provided. It is to provide a desiccant air conditioning system using the rotor and the rotor. The purpose of the present invention is achieved by including moisture-absorbing and desorption materials and photothermal conversion materials as essential components in the desorption sheet. Here, it is preferred that the moisture-absorbing and desorption material and the photothermal conversion material are in at least part of direct contact or close contact through the resin.
id-EP2447616A2    abstract-A warmeruckgewinnende Luftungsvorrichtung is installed on a device like Gebaudehulle (1, 2). 2) Gebaudeaußeren is a Temperaturgradienten between one inside and one inside Gebaudeaußerem indicates that rekuperativen heat energy will be generated by (3) will show an Abluftstromes that is to say the black hole Zuluftstrom takes "and as Gegenstromwarmetauscher trains through Zuluftstrom and Ablu ftstrom gathers and heals Temperaturgradienten to cool or heat, where Temperaturgradient Warmetauschers (3) basically parallel Temperaturgradienten Gebaudehulle (1, 2), this Abluftfordereinrichtung (6) The internal heat of Abluftstrom is broken by (3) Gebaudeaußeren, with the home Zuluftfordereinrichtung (7) What day Zuluftstrom Gebaudeaußeren thermal energy consists of (3) breaking up the interior while encouraging people to Abluftfordereinrichtung Zuluftfordereinrichtung above (6) and below (7) the Warmetauschers (3) elements, while canal Warmetauschers Luftungsvorrichtung (3) and Abluft Zuluftfordereinrichtung (6,7) in the Vertikalschnitt T configuration, the meter is formed above and below the air conveying pipe (3) below, T-shaped.
id-US20130213071A1    abstract-An integrated air conditioning system, in which an indoor air unit and an outdoor air unit are connected to each other with a wall therebetween, has an integrated configuration having both a configuration as an indirect outdoor air cooler (liquid-gas heat exchangers, piping and the like), and a configuration as a general air conditioner (an evaporator, an expansion valve, a compressor, a condenser and the like).
id-EP2450641A3    abstract-The invention regards a building (1), which comprises several rooms divided over at least one floor with a hydronic heating system. The building further comprises one or more supply air members (5) for supply of air, one or more exhaust air channels (6) for collection and removal of exhaust air, an outgoing air channel (7) for removal of the collected exhaust air. The building has a heat recovery installation (9), which includes a heat pump (3) that comprises an evaporator (10), a condenser (11), a first fan (12), and at least one compressor (13), and a water conduit (2). The heat recovery installation is placed at least above said floor. The invention further regards a heat recovery installation that comprises a common outgoing air chamber (14) into which the exhaust air channel leads and from which the second fan (8) removes the exhaust air via the outgoing air channel, whereby the heat pump is arranged such that the exhaust air that passes the evaporator is led from and to the outgoing air chamber.
