id-US20120186785A1    abstract-A heat transfer system is adapted for transferring heat between two different ducts in a ventilation system. The system has a heat pipe having a plurality of conduits. Each conduit including an evaporator section extending laterally from a first open end of the respective conduit, a condenser section extending laterally from a second open end of the respective conduit, and a liquid return section. The liquid return section of at least one conduit being distinct from the liquid return section of another of the conduits. A common vapor manifold is in fluid communication with and extends between the first and second open ends of each of said plurality of conduits so vapors produced in the evaporator sections can flow from the first open ends through the common vapor manifold to the second open ends without flowing through the conduits.
id-US20120196523A1    abstract-An energy recovery device includes a first fluid path extending between a fresh air inlet and a fresh air outlet, and a second fluid path extending between an exhaust inlet and an exhaust air outlet. The first fluid path and the second fluid path may direct flow in a direction that is substantially parallel to one another through at least part of the energy recovery device. In some cases, a bend may be provided in at least part of the energy recovery device such that the first fluid path directs flow in a direction that is at a first angle relative to fluid flow through the second fluid path for a first portion of the first fluid path, and in a direction that is at a second angle relative to fluid flow through the second fluid path for a second portion of the first fluid path.
id-US20120216558A1    abstract-A pre-packaged air conditioning system for providing heating, cooling, ventilation and energy recovery, the system comprising: an energy recovery ventilator, condenser, condenser fan, compressor, expansion device, flow reversing valve, evaporator and evaporator fan; an inlet for providing outside air to the evaporator, the inlet for extending beyond a wall of a host structure; and an exhaust duct for exhausting air outside of the host structure, the exhaust duct for extending beyond a wall to the host structure; wherein the energy recovery ventilator, condenser, condenser fan, compressor, evaporator and evaporator fan are housed within a single envelope configured for installation inside the host structure.
id-EP2492604A1    abstract-A ventilation unit (1) that comprises means (10) for the forced supply of air through a supply channel (7), and means (11) for the forced extraction of air through an exhaust channel (8), whereby the supply channel (7) and exhaust channel (8) are separate channels that are connected together in a heat-exchanging way by means of a heat exchanger (9), and in which a closable bypass channel (12) that bypasses the heat exchanger (9) is provided in the exhaust channel (8) or supply channel (7), whereby the ventilation unit (1) is provided with control means (13, 15) to regulate the temperature (T 15 ) of the air supplied to the space according to a certain limit (Tg) by adjusting the flow resistance in the bypass channel (12).
id-WO2012110071A1    abstract-The invention of the Zuluft than the Regenerator Luft-Warmeubertrager at least one ortsfesten or chattel Speichermasse would alternately exchange air and Fortluft ossified the zuluft klimatisierter buildings are heated or cooled, thus saving energy in the heating or cooling chamber, while Speichermasse plastics, especially Polypropylen or plastics especially Polypropylen composition.
id-US20120048521A1    abstract-Air conditioning units packaged with condensing heat exchangers, collectors for such units, and apparatuses for passing a tube through a duct wall and making a loop and trap in the tube. In different embodiments, a drain line may connect to a collector attached to the heat exchanger or condensate may discharge through an inducer fan and out with combustion gasses. A drain line opening in the collector may be lower than a drain hole to the inlet of the inducer fan, which may be lower than an exhaust hole for the fan. A plug in the drain line opening in the collector may be used to discharge condensate through the inducer fan and a bifurcation in the exhaust conduit may separate condensate from most combustion gasses. Embodiments having a drain line connected to the collector may route the drain line through the roof, a conduit, or in the return duct.
id-US8689580B2    abstract-An air conditioning unit having: a first air passageway and a second air passageway adjacent to the first air passageway. Dampered air inlets are provided at one end of the first and second air passageways to selectively provide indoor air or outdoor air to each passageway. There is an indoor air outlet in the first air passageway and an outdoor air outlet in the second air passageway, both outlets at the other end of the passageways. There is a first blower in the first passageway and a second blower in the second passageway for moving air through each passageway. The unit has a refrigerant system with an evaporator in the first passageway, a compressor, a condenser in the second passageway, and a refrigerant line joining the evaporator, the compressor, and the condenser, in series, in a closed loop. The unit can be used in an air conditioning mode, a dehumidifying mode and a purge/ventilating mode. The unit is particularly suited for use in an indoor swimming pool.
id-US9261290B2    abstract-In at least some embodiments, a system includes a heat pump and an energy recovery ventilator (ERV). The system also includes a controller coupled to the heat pump and the ERV. The controller implements an ERV operation algorithm that automates operations of the ERV.
id-EP2498014A2    abstract-This separation funnel requires a controlled housing conditioning device to mine air to absorb heat in the summer and a bypass conveyor to pass the ventilation system through the thermal conveyor. According to the design plan there is a layer of rotating film and a layer of scrambler to lock the vent of the heat efferent. You hear the car roll by, the wheel artificially blocking the side line.
id-JP2012220129A    abstract-[challenges] the goal is to be able to change the specification of the body from the exposed type to the hidden type. The solution is to set the supply air blower path 6 and the exhaust air blower path 7 above and below the main body, the supply air blower path 6 becomes the indoor side of the main body, and the exhaust air blower path 7 is set with the electric blower 14 configured on the opposite side of the electric blower, so as to start from the indoor air intake port 5 The indoor air supplied to the interior of the main body 1 passes through the space next to the electric blower 14, which is different from the exhaust blower path 7 on the opposite side of the supply blower path 6, and the heat transfer is transmitted through one side of the indoor air intake port 17 of the heat exchange element on the lower side of the main body. Since it is introduced into the switching element 16, a heat exchange ventilation device can be obtained that can change the main body from the exposed type to the hidden type specification. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-US9765987B2    abstract-An air conditioning system includes an inlet duct, supply duct, return duct and exhaust duct: a heat exchanger for providing heat transfer between air from the inlet duct and air from the return duct: a cooling coil position in the supply duct: a pan for collecting condensate from the cooling coil; a pump to pump condensate from the pan: and a sprayer coupled to the pump, the sprayer spraying condensate into an air path to increase efficiency of the air conditioning system.
id-WO2012157923A3    abstract-The invention relates to an air conditioner, a body (10) forming an inlet (11) and an outlet (12) respectively; A heat exchanger (20) furnished within the above body (10) and installed downstream of the inlet (11); A cooling coil (30) furnished within the upper body (10) and installed downstream of the upper heat exchanger (20); A fan (40) which is furnished within the upper body (10) and located downstream of the upper cooling coil (30) and which drains the air inside the upper body (10) into the chamber; The technical feature is that the air passage (13A, 13B, 13C, 13D) is made to allow air through the cooling coil (30) to re-enter the heat exchanger (20). The present INVENTION provides that the cooling/dehumidification heat is recovered from the cooled air by the above COMPOSITION, thus preventing cold draft, and at the same time improving the energy utilization efficiency.
id-EP2522922A1    abstract-This invention relates to a method of ventilating a space (130) of a building (132), by means of a ventilation system (100) comprising a first air fan (108, 112), an air density comparator (114), and a control device (116) connected with the density comparator and with the air fan, which method comprises: comparing the outside air density with the inside air density by means of the air density comparator and generating a difference signal representing the difference of density; detecting the difference signal by means of the control device; and controlling, by means of the control device, the speed of the first air fan on basis of the difference signal such that the difference is kept at a desired level.
id-US20120291463A1    abstract-In certain embodiments, a system comprises an evaporator unit operable to receive an incoming airflow and a flow of refrigerant from an expansion device. The evaporator unit generates a cooled airflow by facilitating heat transfer from the incoming airflow to the flow of refrigerant. The cooled airflow has an absolute humidity less than an absolute humidity of the incoming airflow. The system further comprises a subcooler unit operable to receive the cooled airflow generated by the evaporator unit and the flow of refrigerant from a condenser unit located exterior to a structure. The subcooler unit generates an outgoing airflow by facilitating heat transfer from the flow of refrigerant to the cooled airflow, the outgoing airflow having a relative humidity less than a relative humidity of the cooled airflow. The system further comprises a supply fan operable to provide the outgoing airflow to the structure.
id-US20170248332A1    abstract-A system designed to introduce fresh air ventilation into the living space, eliminate contaminants, and add fresh air to augment a building's HVAC system. This is done in order to save energy, and the costs associated with heat loss or gain in a building. The system employs the use of geothermal energy conferred to air via a cavity which is constructed in the basement, on the slab, foundation, in the crawl space and/or attic of a building. This cavity is created to circulate, absorb and store/release the geo-solar characteristics of a building, taking advantage the consistent subterranean temperature of the earth and/or sun, in order to warm air from outside during the winter minimizing the foundation heat sink, and cool air during the summer. One or more heat exchangers are used to transfer the energy from contaminated air in the cavity to clean air destined for the HVAC system.
id-US20120305214A1    abstract-A system designed to introduce fresh air ventilation into the living space, eliminate contaminants, and add fresh air to augment a building's HVAC system. This is done in order to save energy, and the costs associated with heat loss in a building. The system employs the use of geothermal energy conferred to air via a cavity which is constructed in the basement, on the slab, in the crawl space and/or attic of a building. This cavity is created to circulate to absorb the geo and/or solar characteristics of a building, taking advantage of the consistent subterranean temperature of the earth and/or sun, in order to warm air from outside during the winter minimizing a heat sink, and cool air during the summer. One or more heat exchangers are used to transfer the energy from contaminated air in the cavity to clean air destined for the HVAC system.
id-US20120324939A1    abstract-An air conditioner apparatus includes an exhaust pipe having a first end in communication with exhaust gas from an exhaust generating device disposed in a first atmosphere with a first temperature, and a second end discharging the exhaust gas to a second atmosphere with a second temperature; an inlet pipe substantially surrounding the exhaust pipe, the inlet pipe spaced apart from the exhaust pipe for providing a space therebetween and having a first end in communication with the first atmosphere and a second end in communication with the second atmosphere and through which the second atmosphere is introduced into the space; and a guide assembly disposed in the space for guiding the second atmosphere through the space for heat transfer with the exhaust gas moving through the exhaust pipe.
id-US8939826B2    abstract-An apparatus for heating, ventilation and/or air conditioning of an interior space includes a heat exchanger core and a heating/cooling device in fluid connection with the heat exchanger core. A recirculation port is arranged between a supply air chamber and an outside air chamber. A damper is adapted to move between a first position in which the damper blocks the recirculation port and a second position in which the recirculation port is unblocked. When the damper is in the second position, at least a portion of supply air is guided to flow from the supply air chamber through the outside air chamber to the heat exchanger core so as to defrost the heat exchanger core.
id-US9468158B2    abstract-Apparatus for controlling an environment in a greenhouse, the apparatus comprising: first and second heat exchangers, each comprising a radiator and a fan system for driving air through the radiator; a first refrigerant circulation system that circulates a refrigerant fluid between and through the radiators; a heater controllable to heat the refrigerant; a controller that controls the apparatus to operate selectively in a maintenance mode or a flush mode, wherein in the maintenance mode the heater heats the refrigerant and the first and second fan systems drive air from outside to inside the greenhouse and through the radiators to acquire heat from the refrigerant, and in the flush mode the first fan system vents air from inside to outside the greenhouse through its respective radiator to deposit heat in the refrigerant and the second fan system drives air from outside to inside the greenhouse and through its respective radiator to acquire the heat deposited in the refrigerant.
id-US9347675B2    abstract-An architectural heat and moisture exchanger. The exchanger defines an interior channel which is divided into a plurality of sub-channels by a membrane configured to allow passage of water vapor and to prevent substantial passage of air. In some embodiments, the exchanger includes an opaque housing configured to form a portion of a building enclosure, such as an exterior wall, an interior wall, a roof, a floor, or a foundation.
id-EP2546581A1    abstract-The invention relates to an air treatment system (1) and to a method of controlling it. The system (1) comprises a heat exchanger (10), which is divided into a supply air section (12) and an exhaust air section (11), and a bypass (13), that bypasses the supply air section (12). Upstream of the supply air section (12) a damper device (20) is arranged, which is divided into at least three individually controllable portions (21-23), of which a first portion (21) is adapted to totally stop an inflow of supply air (I) into the bypass (13), to allow a predetermined throttled inflow of supply air (I) into the bypass (13) or to allow an unthrottled inflow of supply air (I) into the bypass (13), a second portion (22) is adapted to totally stop an inflow of supply air (I) into a first half of the supply air section (12) of the heat exchanger (10) or to allow an unthrottled inflow of supply air (I) into the said first half, and a third portion (23) is adapted to totally stop an inflow of supply air (I) into a second half of the supply air section (12) of the heat exchanger (10) or to allow an unthrottled inflow of supply air (I) into said second half.
id-US9103497B1    abstract-A system and method for regasifying LNG using ambient air vaporizers without ambient air fog formation. The warm moist ambient air is cooled and dried using cold recovery from the cryogenic LNG stream by means of an intermediate heat transfer fluid circulated in a closed loop followed by the addition of a warm diluent air stream such that the final temperature of the exit stream of mixed air is at or above the ambient air dew point. Adjustable diluent air dampers permit an induced draft ambient vaporizer assembly.
id-EP2546580A3    abstract-Involving the invention of air ducts for centralized and/or ventilation systems, in particular multi-story, multi-room aufweisenden building buildings, at least in two Luftungsgeraten, each room pioneered dezentrales The Luftungsgerat domain name and each Luftungsgerat will be associated with the beluftenden space raumseitigen Zuluftauslass and with the beluftenden space raumseitigen Abluftauslass. The use of air ducts is also included in the advanced Windlasten efficient is to ensure ventilation, engage Luftungsgerat Außenlufteinlass and Fortluftauslass the same, while Außenlufteinlass Außenluftkanal is connected on the surrounding of the building and/or the Fortluftauslass Fortluftkanal is connected around the building to get rich, each channel either as a building goes to train or is at least part of the building frame, the shameful canal, its armaments Kanalende Fassadenbereich side of the building another Kanalende side of the Fassadenbereich building another best genuberliegenden. End
id-JP2013036705A    abstract-[the problem] to provide an outdoor air treatment device that can supply air at a lower temperature and lower humidity than outside air to the room with a simple composition. The first sensible heat exchanger 27 converts the dehumidified air into sensible heat exchange with the outside air; A distribution unit 31 for distribution, a humidifier 33 for humidifying one distributed air, and a second sensible heat exchanger 35 for sensible heat exchange between humidified air and the distributed air to cool the other air, which is cooled by the second sensible heat exchanger 35. Supplies the air in the room. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US10746422B2    abstract-The invention relates to a recessed hollow profile for mounting to a wall system in a wall of a building, which allows ventilation with efficient decentralised energy recovery. The invention also relates to a system for ventilating a room.
id-US20130059523A1    abstract-A ventilation apparatus is provided. The ventilation apparatus may include a base, frames positioned on the base, a rear panel positioned behind the frames and having an interior air discharge port and exterior air suction port formed therein, a top cover positioned on top of the frame and having exterior air discharge port formed therein, and a front panel positioned in front of the frames and having an interior air discharge port formed therein. Heat exchangers disposed in the frames may include interior and exterior air passages. An exhaust fan and air supply fans provide for air flow through the apparatus, guide by the frames. Use of the frames to guide air flow simplify structures and may enhance efficiency by simplifying the passages of the exterior and interior air through the apparatus.
id-WO2013021147A1    abstract-An air cooling system consisting of several different known technologies brought together in combination to provide a complete cooling process. The invention may consist of several parallel and series stages in combination where each stage comprises an adiabatic stage which feeds a conventional heat exchanger. The conventional exchange of heat within the heat exchanger is assisted by an evaporation process where the water for the evaporation is supplied from water jets contained in the adiabatic stage and these jets are adjusted so that the water pressure is higher than is required for the adiabatic zone alone.
id-WO2013023722A1    abstract-A Zuluftstroms Kuhlvorrichtung :(1) for the production of (3) used air exchange (2), a field belonging to relatively high temperature and relative humidity, is a relatively high Kuhlvorrichtung structure (1)Abluft(4) used as a coolant for the production of Zuluft-Stroms(3) used air exchange obtained To (2) use. For certain climatic environments and a relative technisch-konstruktiven spends Wirkungsgrad Kuhlvorrichtung (1) is significantly increased and two regions of Plattenwarmetauscher aufeinanderfolgend will be proposed for Kuhlvorrichtung (1) (5,6). The air exchange by Abluft (2) and (4) is continuously filled up, with the air exchange responsible for Außenluftausgang(10) (2) missing an Außenlufteingang Plattenwarme tauschers(5) and (11) Plattenwarmetauschers endless (2) Air exchange after the thoughts (6) Stromungsweg air exchange (2)a coolant (12) ordered air exchange (2) abkuhlbar with air exchange (2) water entz iehbar . is
id-WO2013041066A3    abstract-The counterflow cylindrical recuperative heat exchanger (1) features: the inlets (11) of the medium are arranged radially, possibly semi-radially on the end annular distributor (17) and radially with regard to the longitudinal axis (4) of the recuperative heat exchanger (1), and follow up to the inlet channels (9) arranged between the external pipe (2) and the internal pipe (3) for the flow of the medium. The recuperative heat exchanger (1) features the outlets (12) of the medium, which are arranged axially on the end annular distributor (17) and radially with regard to the longitudinal axis (4) of the recuperative heat exchanger (1), and follow up to the outlet channels (10) for the flow of the medium. The heat-exchanger surfaces (5) are mutually separated, coaxial, multithread screw-like coiled, situated between the external pipe (2) and the internal pipe (3) and outline the mutually separated inlet channels (9) and outlet channels (10) for the flow of the medium. The heat-exchanger surfaces (5), and therefore also the inlet Channels (9) and outlet channels (10) are arranged radially around the longitudinal axis (4) of the recuperative heat exchanger (1). The heat-exchanger surfaces' feature a shape of the area arising through the drawing of the forming profile (8, 16) along the external helices (6) and internal helices (7), where the profile (8, 16) has one shape, in the transverse section perpendicular' to the longitudinal axis (4) of the recuperative heat exchanger (1), from the group including parts of the straight line, circle, helix, involute, parabola and hyperbola.
id-WO2013035950A1    abstract-본 invention according to the ministry of agriculture, natural ventilation, the control power of gears rotate forward, stout, powered by rotating guide absence of pressurized by interlocking damper as by open euro and spin at the same time by the power of the power delivery to reverse gears cover to rotate after restored pressurized absence, Award by the user, while rotating rollers with damper to rotate open area can also be adjusted to the euro, allowing the rapid influx of outdoor air temperature of indoor air by rapidly falling can prevent that forced ventilation and natural ventilation hybrid hybrid ventilation as possible about this.
id-WO2013048327A1    abstract-The invention is related to a method for controlling defrosting of a heat-exchanger (1). The method comprises determining a coefficient of utilization (η) of the heat-exchanger, then considering the coefficient of utilization (η), and then determine if the heat-exchanger requires defrosting. The invention is also related to a system for a heat-exchanger (1). The system for the heat-exchanger comprises measurement gear (11) at the heat-exchanger (1), wherein the measurement gear (11) is configured to collect data for the coefficient of utilization (η) of the heat-exchanger, which data is provided for use in a calculator unit (12) for calculating the coefficient of utilization (η). The calculator unit (12) is configured to send a signal (Sn) for the coefficient of utilization. The system also comprises an evaluation unit (14) configured to receive the signal (Sn) for the coefficient of utilization and determine if the heat-exchanger needs defrosting based on the coefficient of utilization (η).
id-US10197344B2    abstract-A heating ventilation and cooling system includes an energy recovery ventilator (ERV). The ERV is configured to produce an inlet airstream and an exhaust airstream. An enthalpy wheel within the energy recovery ventilator is operable to transport heat between the inlet and exhaust airstreams. A pressure transducer is configured to determine a backpressure across the enthalpy wheel. A controller is configured to determine, in response to the backpressure, an operational characteristic of the enthalpy wheel.
id-US10823447B2    abstract-An energy recovery ventilator includes first and second blowers, a pressure transducer and a controller. The first blower is configured to direct a first air stream into a first zone of an enclosure. A second blower configured to direct a second air stream into a second zone of the enclosure. A pressure transducer is configured to determine internal air pressure within the enclosure. A controller is configured to control the first blower and/or the second blower in response to the internal air pressure.      A method includes fabricating a rooftop unit and an ERV housing, the rooftop unit comprising an economizer, the ERV housing comprising first and second blowers and a pressure transducer. The method further includes coupling the ERV housing to the economizer and coupling a controller to the pressure transducer, the controller configured to control the first and/or second blowers in response to the internal air pressure.
id-US10254003B2    abstract-A method of manufacturing an energy recovery ventilator unit includes providing a cabinet having exterior walls and interior floors and walls that define an intake zone, a supply zone, a return zone, an exhaust zone and an enthalpy-exchange zone. The intake zone and the exhaust zone are both on one side of the enthalpy exchange zone. The supply zone and the return zone are both on an opposite side of the enthalpy exchange zone. The method further includes installing a first blower in the intake zone. The first blower pushes outside air into the intake zone and straight through the enthalpy exchange zone into the supply zone. The method also includes installing a second blower in the return zone. The second blower pushes return air into the return zone and straight through the enthalpy exchange zone into the exhaust zone.
id-EP2772696A1    abstract-An air-conditioning system of the present invention is provided with transport means 16 that sends, to an evaporator 15, a cooling fluid that exchanges heat with a refrigerant at the evaporator 15, and a first heat exchanger 22 that exchanges heat between ambient air and the cooling fluid that has undergone the heat exchange at the evaporator 15. A sensible heat exchange cycle 2001 is formed by annularly connecting the evaporator 15, the heat exchanger 22, and the transport means 16 by using a pipe. This system is also provided with an air-sending unit 32 that sends air to a second heat exchanger 32, moisture absorbing-and-desorbing devices 23a and 23b that are provided at a passage of the air sent by the air-sending unit 32 and that are disposed in front of and behind the first heat exchanger 22, and an air-path switching device 24a that reverses a passing direction of air passing through the moisture absorbing-and-desorbing device 23a, the first heat exchanger 22, and the moisture absorbing-and-desorbing device 23b.
id-US9534803B2    abstract-An energy saving air conditioning system is disclosed which provides different air conditioning modes, including a closed-loop mode, an open-loop mode, and a partial-loop mode, for controlling the environment in a high-density apparatus room. The energy saving air conditioning system uses a cloud operating center to monitor the temperature and the moisture inside and outside the high-density apparatus room. The cloud operating system dynamically selects the air conditioning mode in such a manner that energy can be saved and the environment in the high-density apparatus room can be optimally managed.
id-US10337759B2    abstract-A transition module for an energy recovery ventilator unit. The module comprises a frame having two opposing major surfaces with two separate through-hole openings therein. The module also comprises a self-sealing surface on one of the major surfaces and surrounding the two through-hole openings. One of the through-hole openings is configured to separately overlap with return air openings or supply air openings located in a first target side of one an energy recovery ventilator unit or an air handling unit and in a second target side of the other one of the energy recovery ventilator unit or the air handling unit. The other of the through-hole openings is configured to separately overlap with the other of the return air openings or the supply air openings located in the first and second sides.
id-US20130092346A1    abstract-An energy recovery ventilator unit comprising a cabinet and a plurality of enthalpy wheels mounted in the cabinet. Major surfaces of each of the enthalpy wheels are substantially separated from each other and substantially perpendicular to a direction of primary forced-air intake into the cabinet. The major surface of one of the enthalpy wheels substantially overlaps, in the direction of primary forced-air intake, with the major surface of at least one of the other enthalpy wheels.
id-US20130095744A1    abstract-An energy recovery ventilator unit. The unit comprises a sensor mounting panel removably coupled to an outer surface of a cabinet, wherein the sensor mounting panel is configured to hold a plurality of sensors configured to measure the atmospheric environment inside of one or more of an intake zone, a supply zone, or a return zone housed inside of the cabinet.
id-US10371456B2    abstract-Elongated, smaller-diameter tube heat pipes have an airflow arrangement that allows for short distances between evaporating and condensing sections of the heat pipe. The heat pipe is exposed to multiple alternate hot and cold zones adjacent to each other. Each evaporator zone accepts input heat to cause evaporation of the working fluid in the wick of the immediate vicinity. The vapor produced moves to either side by local pressure differences to condense in the two adjacent condenser zones where it is absorbed by the wick as a liquid and flows in the wick back to adjacent evaporator zones at each side. Each evaporator zone creates two fluid loops whereby evaporated working fluid splits up left and right, condenses in adjacent condenser zones and flows back to the evaporator zone as a liquid within the wick. Therefore, the overall tube length can be increased indefinitely, without traditional degradation of performance.
id-US20130098582A1    abstract-Elongated, smaller-diameter tube heat pipes have an airflow arrangement that allows for short distances between evaporating and condensing sections of the heat pipe. The heat pipe is exposed to multiple alternate hot and cold zones adjacent to each other. Each evaporator zone accepts input heat to cause evaporation of the working fluid in the wick of the immediate vicinity. The vapor produced moves to either side by local pressure differences to condense in the two adjacent condenser zones where it is absorbed by the wick as a liquid and flows in the wick back to adjacent evaporator zones at each side. Each evaporator zone creates two fluid loops whereby evaporated working fluid splits up left and right, condenses in adjacent condenser zones and flows back to the evaporator zone as a liquid within the wick. Therefore, the overall tube length can be increased indefinitely, without traditional degradation of performance.
id-US10386087B2    abstract-A method of defrosting an energy recovery ventilator unit. The method comprises defrosting an energy recovery ventilator unit. The method comprises activating a defrost process of an enthalpy-exchange zone of the energy recovery ventilator unit when an air-flow blockage in the enthalpy-exchange zone coincides with a frost threshold in the ambient environment surrounding the energy recovery ventilator unit. The method also comprises terminating the defrost process when a heat transfer efficiency across the enthalpy-exchange zone returns to within 10 percent of a pre-frosting heat transfer efficiency wherein, the heat transfer efficiency is proportional to a temperature difference between an intake air zone of the energy recovery ventilator and a supply air zone of the energy recovery ventilator divided by a temperature difference between an return air zone of the energy recovery ventilator and the intake air zone.
id-US10295208B2    abstract-A roof vent for ventilating the roof of a building to the atmosphere. The roof vent includes a flange portion to lay against the roof, the flange portion having an opening to let air vent from the interior of the building (e.g. an attic). The roof vent can optionally include a collar portion extending from the flange portion and enclosing, at least in part, about a periphery of the opening and a cap dimensioned and configured to cover over the opening (including the hole in the roof) and optionally over the collar portion. The cap is configured to provide a passage (between the flange portion and the cap) through which air can pass between the atmosphere and the opening. The roof vent also includes a corrugated filter plate, e.g. partially enclosed by the cap, and interposed between the central opening and the passage, the corrugated filter plate having a pore size sufficient to permit air to pass through but inhibit the passage of snow particles, cinder particles and/or water droplets there-through.
id-US20130116951A1    abstract-A system for, and method of, monitoring and reporting ERV power consumption and service and maintenance needs. In one embodiment, the system includes: (1) a processor configured to carry out a plurality of monitoring and reporting functions related to ERV power consumption and service and maintenance needs based on a model, and types and locations of sensors, of the ERV, (2) a memory coupled to the processor and configured to store data gathered from the sensors and (3) a commissioning database associated with the memory and configured to contain commissioning data regarding the model of the ERV and the service and maintenance needs.
id-US9115909B2    abstract-An energy recovery ventilator (ERV) monitoring and reporting system and a method of monitoring and reporting information on an ERV. In one embodiment, the system includes: (1) a processor configured to carry out a plurality of monitoring and reporting functions on the ERV based on a model, and types and locations of sensors, of the ERV, (2) a memory coupled to the processor and configured to store data gathered from the sensors and (3) a commissioning database associated with the memory and configured to contain commissioning data regarding the model of the ERV.
id-US20210123618A1    abstract-A roof vent for ventilating the roof of a building to the atmosphere. The roof vent includes a flange portion to lay against the roof, the flange portion having an opening to let air vent from the interior of the building (e.g. an attic). The roof vent can optionally include a collar portion extending from the flange portion and enclosing, at least in part, about a periphery of the opening and a cap dimensioned and configured to cover over the opening (including the hole in the roof) and optionally over the collar portion. The cap is configured to provide a passage (between the flange portion and the cap) through which air can pass between the atmosphere and the opening. The roof vent also includes a corrugated filter plate, e.g. partially enclosed by the cap, and interposed between the central opening and the passage, the corrugated filter plate having a pore size sufficient to permit air to pass through but inhibit the passage of snow particles, cinder particles and/or water droplets there-through.
id-US20180156480A1    abstract-A ridge vent for ventilating a roof of a building via a hole along a roof ridge to atmosphere, the ridge vent comprising a first ridge vent panel: a flange portion for resting on the roof, the flange portion having an opening for overlapping with the hole, the flange portion having a first flange portion positioned to one side of the opening and a second flange portion positioned to another side of the opening, such that the first flange portion and the second flange portion are at an acute angle with respect to one another; a frame portion coupled to the flange portion and having sides extending upwardly from the flange portion about the opening, the frame portion for maintaining a cap portion in a spaced apart relationship with the flange portion; the cap portion connected to the frame portion and covering over the opening; a first corrugated filter plate extending between the cap portion and the flange portion and positioned transversely between the opening and the atmosphere, the first corrugated filter plate positioned to said one side of the opening; and a second corrugated filter plate extending between the cap and the flange portion and positioned transversely between the opening and the atmosphere, the second corrugated filter plate positioned to said another side of the opening; wherein the corrugated filter plates providing for a passage of air between the atmosphere and the opening, the corrugated filter plates having a pore size sufficient for facilitating the air passage of air through the corrugated filter plates while blocking passage of atmospheric particles through the corrugated filter plates.
id-WO2013080478A1    abstract-The heat exchange element (1) includes multiple heat transfer parts (2) and the interval holding parts (3) that hold the interval between the heat transfer parts (2). In addition, the heat exchange element (1) is composed of alternating layers of the heat transfer part (2) and the interval holding part (3), and multiple exhaust channels (4) and multiple supply channels (5) are formed in an alternating orthogonal manner. In the heat exchange element (1), the height of the exhaust air channel (4) is raised from the inlet air channel (5) to the inlet air channel.
id-WO2013073930A1    abstract-This invention is a wind and exhaust air energy recovery system comprising a supportive frame (101); a turbine rotor assembly (103) mounted on the supportive frame (101) and being able to rotate about a horizontal axis; wherein the turbine rotor assembly (103) are positioned neighbouring an exhaust outlet (111) that exhaust air flow from the outlet (111) in which the exhaust air flow drives the turbine rotor assembly (103) to rotate; and at least one„electric generator connected to the turbine rotor assembly (103) for converting kinetic energy caused by movement of the turbine rotor assembly (103) to electrical or mechanical energy; characterized in that at least one guide vane (107) is arranged in between the outlet (111) and the turbine rotor assembly (103) to direct the air flow towards the turbine rotor assembly (103) at a predetermined angle. The supportive frame (101) and safety enclosure (102) can be supported with additional holding structures (109) so as to be firmly secured to the exterior of the exhaust outlet (111) without obstructing the exhaust air flow.
id-WO2013076660A3    abstract-An apparatus for the refrigeration of a process fluid comprising a circuit for the process fluid along which there are disposed in succession a compressor (1), a condenser (2), a first throttling device (3) and an evaporator (4) able to perform a heat exchange with a fluid to be treated, further comprises a second throttling device (5) disposed along a portion of the circulation path which connects the evaporator (4) and the compressor (1), the process fluid being selectively subjected to throttling by means of said second throttling device (5) depending on temperature values detected in two different positions (61, 62).
