id-US9920963B1    abstract-The invention presents air-conditioning system with chiller that provides, when operated in the cooling mode, cooling hardware for conditioning space and a heat exchanger for cooling and dehumidification of ambient air in supply air stream with cold liquid. In addition, the invention offers a method and design of a heat utilization system. The method incorporates refrigeration cycle with two consecutive expansions, two expansion devices, and a heat exchanger operating as a second condenser. The method can be used for air conditioners and chillers reheating over-chilled for dehumidification indoor and supply air. The method and design allow energy efficient heat utilization with variable amount of utilized heat.
id-US20200333025A1    abstract-Air conditioning systems and methods for cooling a space that include a chiller, a cooling coil, a heat sink, various water conduits, and a pump. Different modes of operation are used under different conditions and the water is routed differently in different modes. In a first mode, the chiller rejects heat to water returning from the cooling coil, and in a second mode, there are separate loops of chilled and heated water with separate pumps. In a third (economizer) mode of operation, the chiller is off and water from the heat sink is delivered to the cooling coil. Control valves, check valves, or both, are used to direct the flow of water, which are strategically placed in various water conduits.
id-WO2018140330A1    abstract-An air processing system is provided that is configured to monitor and control the quality and temperature of air within a building. The air processing system includes at least one temperature adjustment assembly (e.g., a heating/cooling system) used to heat or cool the air within the building and at least one dedicated outdoor air system ventilator used to circulate fresh air within the building wherein the air processing system is separate from the temperature adjustment assembly. The air processing system also includes an intelligent gateway formed as part of the ventilator and connected to the temperature adjustment assembly and the ventilator so as to monitor and control their operating conditions. The intelligent gateway may send the operating conditions and any sensor measurements to a cloud computing server that a user or technician can use to interface with the air processing system.
id-WO2018140896A1    abstract-Rotary wheel regenerator are described that use polymer, paper, metallic or other substrate having a parallel-plate heat transfer surface or media configuration. The substrate media can be either non-desiccant-coated "sensible" substrate, or "enthalpic" desiccant coated substrate. In exemplary embodiments, the spirally wound substrate media strips are arranged in a parallel plate manner using an embossed formation periodically to hold the strips in a parallel plate configuration. The strip layers are arranged so that every other layer is embossed and every other layer is without embossments. The embossed standoffs are not required to be aligned with one another periodically, and a parallel plate arrangement is achieved.
id-EP3358923A1    abstract-A cooling system includes a cooling device having a first cooling coil and a second cooling coil, a first heat transfer fluid in fluid communication with the first cooling coil, a second heat transfer fluid in fluid communication with the second cooling coil, a first heat exchanger in fluid communication with the first heat transfer fluid and the second heat transfer fluid, a second heat exchanger in fluid communication with the second heat transfer fluid and a source of external air, a system of fluid control devices in fluid communication with the second heat transfer fluid and configured to minimize a change in a total pressure drop of the second heat transfer fluid when the cooling system switches between operating modes, and a controller configured to selectively control the cooling device and the system of fluid control devices to operate the cooling system in each of the operating modes.
id-US10697711B2    abstract-Disclosed is an air-conditioning apparatus using a heat pipe. The state of the outside air is compared with the state of set supply air. The heat exchange and mixed supply of outside air and ventilation air are effectively performed by changing the passage of the ventilation air and the outside air through the selective opening/shutting of dampers, cooling the outside air through latent heat by spraying mist, and by controlling supply air in a set state through the cooling and humidification of the supply air. Accordingly, energy efficiency can be improved and the energy necessary for the air-conditioning apparatus can be reduced using the evaporation latent heat of water. Furthermore, operation costs can be reduced and financial gains can be obtained because an efficient operation can be performed in response to the state of a measured outside air.
id-US10598403B2    abstract-An MVHR system for a building having a roof with at least two pitched slopes facing in different directions. The MVHR system comprises a Heat Recovery Unit (HRU) for exchanging heat between a flow of ambient air and a flow of air from inside the building. The HRU is connected to two ports located on different pitched slopes, and a flow diverter is provided between the HRU and the ports. The flow diverter is switchable so as to reverse the flows of air into and out of the building via the two ports and through the HRU. The system can be combined with photovoltaic solar cells and/or an air source heat pump and/or a ground source heat pump system.
id-US20220341611A1    abstract-A system and method to control environmental parameters of predefined zones within a structure. An embodiment of the system uses damper assemblies that are entirely wireless as a result of energy capturing devices which convert air flow within the HVAC system ductwork into electrical current and a wireless control module that remove the need for hard-wiring for power or control. Still further, an embodiment of the system uses wireless components to monitor the environmental parameters of a structure's zones, process and communicate necessary zone adjustments, and actuate system components.
id-US9835351B1    abstract-An air conditioner controlling method includes: deciding on a supply-air temperature Ts and a return-air temperature Tr as specified design values; deciding that the total heat-exchange efficiency η is zero; selecting two or more stepped levels of the outdoor-air volume percentage α; deriving a linear function which expresses a relation between an outdoor-air temperature To and a mixed-air temperature Tm for each level of the outdoor-air volume percentage α by using the return-air temperature Tr and the total heat-exchange efficiency η; and deciding on the range where the mixed-air temperature Tm is lower than the supply-air temperature Ts for each of the linear functions and the range where the mixed-air temperature Tm in each linear function comes closest to the supply-air temperature Ts as compared with the mixed-air temperatures Tm in the other linear functions.
id-US20180274805A1    abstract-A mobile air conditioner includes a circulation device for collecting hot wasted air and wasted water produced by the mobile air conditioner. The circulation device includes a water tank and a radiating pipe mounted in the water tank. The radiating pipe has a first end connected to an air blower and a second end connected to an air draining device. The air draining device has an outlet provided with an active carbon. The wasted water is collected in the water tank. The hot wasted air flows from the air blower into the radiating pipe which is immersed in the wasted water of the water tank. The hot wasted air is cooled by the wasted water and is filtered by the active carbon to release a clean air.
id-US20180313574A1    abstract-A heat source integrated air conditioner, which includes a freezer, a cooling tower, and a device for heating and is integrated up to heat source supply equipment to be capable of supplying cooling and heating as well as dehumidification, humidification, and ventilation is provided. The heat source integrated air conditioner is formed on an upper side of one frame and installed outside or on a rooftop of a building, thereby reducing time and cost for manufacturing, installation and maintenance, increasing utilization of a space inside a building, reducing heat loss and appliance costs by minimizing piping distance, and creating a pleasant indoor environment, and also enhancing utilization of a space inside the building and maximizing energy saving during operation of cooling/heating.
id-WO2018193570A1    abstract-The first wind path 26 arranged on one side of the divider 2db2, the second wind path 27 arranged on the other side of the divider 2db2, the first fan 4 arranged in the first wind path 26, the second wind path 27 arranged in the second wind path 27 Rotating machine 6, which causes the first fan 4 and the second fan 5 to rotate in the same direction; The upstream side heat exchange part 21 for the air outside the vehicle and the downstream side heat exchange part 22 for the air outside the vehicle are located between the first fan and the outlet of the vehicle interior and flows from the first fan and flows from the upstream side heat exchange part 21. The flow of the air outside the vehicle and the flow of the air outside the vehicle through the downstream side heat exchange part 22 are opposite to the first heat exchanger 1 and the air outside the vehicle from the first fan 4 through the downstream side heat exchange part 22 The second heat exchanger 16 includes a second heat exchanger 16, wherein the first heat exchanger 1 is an orthogonal heat exchanger, and the second heat exchanger 16 is a component of the refrigeration cycle execution system, which is rotated by the second fan from the inner inlet The structure is that the air inside the vehicle and the air outside the vehicle are heated by the first heat exchanger 1, which flows in and discharges from the external air outlet of the vehicle outdoor through the first heat exchanger 1, so that the size can be reduced at the same time as the improvement of electrical cost.
id-US20180283726A1    abstract-A phase change material (PCM) module heat exchanger assembly includes a multi-section PCM container rotatingly supported about a center long axis of the multi-section PCM container, or a multi-section PCM container where one or more sections are slidingly mounted to the multi-section PCM container. Each section of a plurality of rotatably or slidingly selected PCM sections is selectably insertable into an air flow. A method of placing one of a group of two or more PCM sections into a building's heating, ventilation, or air conditioning (HVAC) ductwork and a method to harvest heating or cooling capacity for later use are also described.
id-WO2018185220A3    abstract-The invention relates to the Warmepumpenanlage :(1) with the Kaltemittelkreislauf (100) Warmeerzeugung train to the junior Vorlaufleitung(701), a Gaskuhler (170) Kaltemittelkreislaufs (100) and a Ruckiaufleitung (730) get a Warmetragermedium flow and use air/Luft-Warmeaustauscher (200). When the flow direction (x) containing carbon dioxide and water enters the hydrothermal pump unit (1), the main thermometer (270) has a special device adapted to the minimum temperature (t M) for the required outdoor air preheating. After the war Stromungsrichtung Vorheizer(270) was the air/Luft- Warmeaustauscher (200), suitable for the exchange of warming air composed solely of substances Abluft was to be regulated and Stromungsrichtung (x) after air/Luft-Warmeaustauscher (200) is a Lufterhitzer(230) is designated as a Warmetragermedium/Luft-Erhitzer man, enough to make air exchange of Zulufttemperatur (t; Letter)temperieren.
id-EP3385159A1    abstract-The invention comprises a cabin operating system, an air conditioning device (30), and a procedure for handling cabin operations (12). The vacuum cleaner (12) is designed to inhale (16) and direct air into the air conditioner (30) through an external wall (14). The ventilation device (30), transmitted through the ventilation duct (18.20), is either the main ventilation duct (20), or is externally charged (18) through the external wall (14). The ventilation device (30), air conditioning unit (30) includes an air heat exchanger (60) connected to the air flow from the first air entry (38) to the second air duct (32). The ventilation unit (30) is fully trained to connect the air from the second and second air intakes and then discharge it to the second internal area (12a)(12) in the bottom tank.
id-US20200132335A1    abstract-There is provided a heat exchanger system comprising a housing defining a heat exchange compartment in which are extending a plurality of circular flexible pipes including radially extending fins, the fins defining a helical pattern along the length of each of the circular flexible pipes. There is also provided a circular flexible pipe having radially extending fins, the fins defining a helical pattern along the length of the circular flexible pipe. There is further provided a method and an apparatus for manufacturing a circular flexible pipe having radially extending fins, the fins defining a helical pattern along the length of the circular flexible pipe.
id-EP3395166A2    abstract-The air treatment unit 1 comprises a housing 3 provided with a stale air inlet opening 5 and a stale air outlet opening 7 for exhausting stale air to the environment 6. A stale air duct 8 extends between the stale air inlet opening and the stale air outlet opening. In the stale air duct a plurality of air ducts 11 extend via which the outside air flows into the cattle shed. Ventilation means 13 and 15 ensure the intake of fresh outside air and the sucking of stale air from the cattle shed to the environment 6. Spraying means 17 and atomizing means 19 are located in the stale air duct 8. The spraying means 17 serve to cool the air ducts 11 in summer, to regulate the temperature in the cattle shed and furthermore to free the outside of the air ducts from pollution caused by the stale air flowing past them. The atomizing means 19 are used for purifying the stale air that flows through the stale air duct to the environment 6.
id-WO2018221900A1    abstract-This invention is indoor air inlet suction wealth and indoor air inflow to discharge a fortune and outdoor air in air and outdoor air into the indoor exhaust to flow into the "to be equipped with air conditioning of air conditioning system (s) that are applicable to the case, as provided on the inner of indoor air suction filter to filter wealth; (a) A transmission flow that is common to the area where the intake supercharger intersects, selectively intaking outdoor air from the intake through the intake and filter supercharger; The pipelines by and exhaust are arranged in the intersecting area, including a heat exchange area that causes heat energy exchange between the air discharged by the exhaust and the air supplied by the supply area.
id-EP3401610A1    abstract-The invention consists of a storage device for storing heat, which takes heat from the air stream and transfers the heat to the air in the air ventilation device. Heat storage units have at least ventilation ducts to control heat flow. It should be Warmespeicher two or more consecutive Warmespeicherschichten. The intervals of which variables are mutually isolated by at least detecting Warmedammschicht thermisch, and at least Luftfuhrungskanal due to at least Warmedammschicht Warmespeicherschichten and the middle part, or resulting in Warmedammschichten. There is also an air ventilation device with heat storage capacity in the case of heat storage devices and air ventilation devices, heat energy is prepared for low energy loss, but also can be regenerated and re-burned.
id-WO2018206967A1    abstract-A remote heat transfer device for use with an air handling unit comprises: a vapour- compression circuit, the vapour-compression circuit comprising a first heat exchanger adapted to exchange heat between a refrigerant in the vapour compression circuit and a first heat transfer fluid; and a first outlet arranged to provide the first heat transfer fluid to an air supply passage of the air handling unit, so that the first heat transfer fluid exchanges heat with supply air passing through the air supply passage.
id-US10295204B2    abstract-A dehumidizer includes an upper air passage, a lower air passage, a rotary heat storage device, an evaporator, a condenser, a motor, and a fan. The upper air passage and the lower air passage are separated by a partition, and the right end of the upper air passage has an air inlet, and the right end of the lower air passage has an air outlet, and the left end of the upper air passage and the left end of the lower air passage are communicated with each other. The upper end of the rotary heat storage device is disposed in the upper air passage, and the lower end of the rotary heat storage device is disposed in the lower air passage, and the motor drives the rotary heat storage device to rotate. The evaporator, condenser and fan are installed sequentially from left to right into the lower air passage.
id-US20210080131A1    abstract-The invention relates to an air conditioning apparatus including a first absorptive heat exchanger having sorption channels in at least one flow direction, a method for conditioning fluids, in particular for cooling and/or drying a stream of air, an adsorptive air-air cross-flow heat exchanger, and an outer wall element including an integrated air conditioning apparatus.
id-JPWO2018225224A1    abstract-The heat exchanger is equipped with an exterior casing equipped with air supply and exhaust ventilation channels for air supply and exhaust, and a heat exchanger frame installed at the corners of the four corners of the heat exchange element and the heat exchange element in the shape of a square column. It is installed between the air supply and exhaust ventilation channels for air supply and exhaust. A heat exchange ventilation device includes a heat exchanger that exchanges heat with the air flow and has a plurality of guide rails (18) installed inside the outer casing, engaging the heat exchanger frame (22) and guiding the installation and removal of the heat exchanger to the outer casing. The guide rail (18) is the end face face (18a) facing the heat exchanger frame (22), the side face face (18b) with clearance relative to the side face (22b) of the heat exchanger frame (22), and the side face face (18b) A retaining part 20 protruding from the side where the heat exchanger frame 22 is placed, and a sealing part 21 arranged in the clearance to seal the gap between the heat exchanger frame 22 and the guide rail 18.
id-WO2019017831A1    abstract-The present disclosure relates to a coaxial flow distribution device (1) comprising: a first main body (3) having a first end face (3a) and a second end face (3b) at an opposite end of the first main body (3) with respect to the first end face (3a), wherein the first main body (3) is provided with a plurality of first flow distribution channels (5a) and a plurality of second flow distribution channels (9a) separated from the first flow distribution channels (5a), the first flow distribution channels (3a) and the second flow distribution channels (5a) extending from the first end face (3a) to the second end face (3b), wherein at the first end face (3a) a first mouth (5b) of each first flow distribution channel (5a) is provided one after the other in the circumferential direction along a first end face radial outer circumferentially extending band (7), and at the second end face (3b) a second mouth of each first flow distribution channel (5a) is provided one after the other in the circumferential direction along a second end face radial inner circumferentially extending band(15), wherein at the first end face (3a) a third mouth (9b) of each second flow distribution channel (9a) is provided one after the other in the circumferential direction along a first end face radial inner circumferentially extending band (11) provided radially inwards of the first end face radial outer circumferentially extending band (7), and at the second end face (3b) a fourth mouth of each second flow distribution channel (9a) is provided one after the other in the circumferential direction along a second end face radial outer circumferentially extending band (17) provided radially outwards of the second end face radially inner circumferentially extending band, and wherein the first main body (3) has a circumferential wall forming a radial outer wall of the first flow distribution channels (5a) and the second flow distribution channels (9a) between the first end face (3a) and the second end face (3b).
id-EP3425300A2    abstract-The invention relates to a building extraction procedure. The purpose of this invention is to propose a building equipped with air conditioning device that can not only cool the building but also heat the building, and the regulation system of the air inside the building and the temperature control of the building can provide more efficient operation energy. In addition, the system should be able to cool and heat various areas of the building, as well as heat and cool the rest of the building. It is their problem to think of di Heizbetriebsmodus Luftstromwarmenergie Abluftstroms' building will go up to Warmespeicher to pass this Abluftstrom and then Fortluftstrom will take it away, that is, the black hole will be handed over to the building by Warmespeicher as Gebaudewarmeenergie as appropriate riebsmodus means that the black hole will transmit the Abluftstrom in its own Kaltespeicher and then the Fortluftstrom will carry it away and will infect the Kaltespeicher in the Gebaudewarmeenergie building Another Heizbetriebsmodus was a building like Abluftstrom, with Außenluftstrom mixed in with Mischluftstrom Luftstromwarmeenergie gave this Mischluftstroms to Warmespeicher Fifty and Mischluftstrom were then taken away by Fortluftstrom, that is to say the black hole was transferred as appropriate by Warmespeicher as Gebaudewarmeenergie to the Abluftstro of another building Kuhlbetriebsmodus In general, the Außenluftstrom Mischluftstrom mixture means that the black hole originated from Kaltespeicher Mischluftstrom then passed these Mischluftstrom with Fortluftstrom taken away and Gebaudewarmeenergie left the building to infect Kaltespeicher and was imprisoned in a Komfortmodus alternierend Luftstromwarmeenergie's building Abluftstrom Warmespeicher... So the Kaltespeichers Abluftstrom of the black hole and this Abluftstrom Fortluftstrom takes and, as appropriate, says the black hole Warmespeicher name Gebaudewarmeenergie building and/or Gebaudewarmeenergie reports to Kaltespeicher Hill Energiesparmo dus Abluftstrom is taken directly as Fortluftstrom. A device for conducting trials was also proposed.
id-EP3453980A2    abstract-A ventilation arrangement (1) of a building, having at least one supply air channel (2) that has at least one heat exchanger radiator (4) of supply air, and at least one exhaust air channel (5), which has at least one heat exchanger radiator (7) of exhaust air, at least one heat exchanger circuit (8) based on the circulation of heat transfer liquid to conduct heating/cooling to the heat exchanger radiators of the supply air channel and exhaust air channel, and a control unit (20) to change the amount of air to be replaced in the building by changing the amount of air brought in the building through the supply air channel and by changing in the corresponding proportion the amount of exhaust air removed through the exhaust air channel. The control unit (20) is adapted to change the surface area of said supply air and exhaust air heat exchanger radiators (4, 7), which takes part in the heat exchange, in relation to a change in the amount of air replaced in the building, and the amount of heat transfer liquid fed to said supply air and exhaust air radiator (4, 7), in relation to the change in the amount of air replaced in the building without substantially changing the rate of flow of the heat transfer liquid in the heat exchanger radiators (4, 7).      Additionally, a method of using the ventilation arrangement of a building, and liquid-gas heat exchanger radiator.
id-US11162695B2    abstract-Provided is an air conditioning system including: a case including a first sub-case including an outdoor air inlet and a discharge outlet, and a second sub-case including an air returning inlet and an air supply inlet; a desiccant rotor module; a heat exchanger including a first sub-heat exchanger and a second sub-heat exchanger, a ventilator including a first sub-ventilator and a second sub-ventilator; and a damper including a first sub-damper and a second sub-damper, wherein the first sub-damper is installed downstream of the first region of the desiccant rotor module, and the second sub-damper is installed downstream of the second region of the desiccant rotor module, wherein the desiccant rotor module and the heat exchanger are integrally assembled so as to be detachably installed in the case, wherein the outdoor air and the indoor air do not mix with each other.
id-EP3438561A1    abstract-An air handling unit provides variable air flow and efficient air heating and cooling. It comprises an input air partition (110) with an evaporator unit (114), an output air partition (120) with a condenser (124) and an energy recuperation unit (130) which interchanges energy between the input air before the evaporator unit (114) and the output air before the condenser (124). Two bypasses (113, 123) recirculate air between the air supply and the air return ducts (111, 121). A damper (101) in the first bypass (113) controls the volume of input air reaching the condenser (124) from the input air partition (110). A damper (102) in the second bypass (123) controls the volume of return air reaching the evaporator unit (114) from the output air partition (120) A method and an air handling system are also provided.
id-US20200363141A1    abstract-Total heat exchange element paper having excellent moisture resistance and gas barrier properties, comprising a substrate sheet and a moisture absorbent and colloidal silica both of which are adhered to the substrate sheet, wherein the substrate sheet contains natural pulp which has been beaten to a freeness specified in JIS P 8121-1:2012 of not lower than 80° SR and the colloidal silica is cationic colloidal silica.
id-EP3450862A1    abstract-Installations for a building, in particular the Schwimmhalle exchange of water and heat, include the Stromungskanal (20), the first phase of the second Stromungskanal (18), the first fan (38), to angesaugte Abluft(28) was the first to press air (37) through the head of the Stromungskanal (20) in the building and made another fan (36) to angesaugte Aussenluft(30 years old) as a second air compression (39) second Stromungskanal (18) detected hineinzufuhren, an attachable gyrospinner (22), And a heat generator (22) for the adsorber in a flow of water above the direction of the vacuum cleaner (39) in the second air stream; Also by Sorptionsrotor(22) of Berlin Stirnflache 25a Warmetauscherrotors (23) of Sawarmetauscherrotor (23) of Berlin Stirnflache Sorptionsrotors (24a)(22) of the first Stromungskanal Rosalie zugeordneter (20)(44) and a second Stromungskanal (18) of zugeordneter of the second Rosalie (46). The expansion to the first empty room (44) and the first empty room (46) are independent of the surrounding.
id-EP3450873A1    abstract-An air supply device (1) for extracting exhaust air from a room and leading fresh supply air into the room comprising a casing (2) and a body, made of elastic material, arranged inside the casing (2). The body is divided in at least an upper part (3) and a lower part (4) which are arranged on top of each other. The upper part (3) comprises an internal part (9) and a frame (10), wherein the internal part (9) is arranged inside the frame (10). The internal part (9) is arranged to be installed inside the frame (10) in a first position or in a second position, wherein in the second position the internal part (9) has been rotated 180° in horizontal plane compared to the first position.
id-WO2019050484A1    abstract-The subject-matter of the invention is a ventilation device (1) of an oblong prismatic shape, which includes a pre-fabricated housing (11), wherein individual ventilation device components are arranged in the pre-fabricated housing (11) in a line. The pre-fabricated housing (11) is connected with a wall pipe (12) inserted into an opening provided in the wall, while a box-like external grid (17) is arranged on the external side of the external wall, in which grid a pivotal airflow distributer (19) is arranged. Fans (3a, 3b) are arranged in the pre-fabricated housing (11) in a way that the air intake openings face the interior of the pre-fabricated housing (11) and are separated from each other by a partition wall (5), while the air discharge openings each faces its own channel (2a, 2b). The housings of the fans (3a, 3b) and consequently the air intake openings and the air discharge openings are arranged in the pre-fabricated housing (11) either in parallel with the longer sides of the pre¬ fabricated housing (11) or rotated one relative the other at an angle with respect to the longer sides of the pre-fabricated housing (11), such that the axes of the air intake openings lie either on the same imaginary line which connects both axes or their axes are arranged on imaginary parallel lines offset in the longitudinal direction of the ventilation device (1), i. e. in the longitudinal direction of the longer sides of the housing (11).
id-WO2019064335A1    abstract-The refrigeration cycle device includes a frame, a first air path with a first entrance connected outdoors and a first exit connected indoors, a second air path with a second entrance connected indoors and a second exit connected outdoors, and a second air path from the first entrance to the first exit The first blower includes a second blower that flows air from the second inlet to the second outlet, an air handling unit housed in a housing, and a refrigerant circuit that circulates the refrigerant, which is used to exchange heat between the refrigerant and the heat medium. It consists of a first heat exchanger, which condenses the refrigerant, and a second heat exchanger, which is located in the second air channel, performs heat exchange between the refrigerant and the air flowing through the second air channel, and evaporates the refrigerant.
id-WO2019087998A1    abstract-The heat exchange type ventilation device (2) has a window frame (5), a lighting part (6) inside the window frame (5), and a heat exchange element (7) that is superimposed on the lighting part (6). The window frame (5) has an exhaust inlet (9), an exhaust outlet (10), an air supply inlet (12), an air supply outlet (13), an exhaust blower (8) and an air supply blower (11). The heat exchange element 7 has an air supply channel (15) arranged between the air supply inlet (12) and the air supply outlet (13) and an air supply channel (14) arranged between the air supply inlet (9) and the air supply outlet (10). The intake and exhaust channels (15) are separated by a heat transfer plate (16) that exchanges sensible or total heat. The heat transfer plate (16) is stacked in multiple layers to form the supply air path (15) and exhaust air path (14), which are arranged alternately one by one.
id-US11320170B2    abstract-A heat pump cycle includes a compressor, a heat exchanger, a gas-liquid separator, and an outdoor heat exchanger. The heat pump cycle includes a main circuit connecting the compressor, the heat exchanger, the gas-liquid separator, and the outdoor heat exchanger such that refrigerant flows therethrough. The heat pump cycle includes an exhaust-heat recovery heat exchanger, and an exhaust-heat recovery circuit forming a flow path leading to the compressor not through the outdoor heat exchanger but through the exhaust-heat recovery heat exchanger. The heat pump cycle includes an expansion valve that is disposed upstream of the exhaust-heat recovery heat exchanger in the exhaust-heat recovery circuit and expands the refrigerant such that the refrigerant changes from liquid phase to gas phase in the exhaust-heat recovery heat exchanger.
id-US11662116B2    abstract-A ventilator (1) includes: an air supply fan (2) to supply outdoor air to a room; an air exhaust fan (3) to exhaust indoor air, out of the room; and a total heat exchanger (4) which is made with partition boards (41) being moisture-permeable flat parts and with spacer boards (42) being corrugated parts, the partition boards and the spacer boards being alternately stacked, the total heat exchanger exchanging heat between the outdoor air and the indoor air; and thereby suppresses ice formation. The ventilator (1) includes: an indoor temperature sensor (7); an indoor humidity sensor (8); an outdoor temperature sensor (6); and a control unit (5) to control operation of the air supply fan (2) and the air exhaust fan (3) on a basis of at least one state quantity estimated by substituting the indoor air temperature, the indoor air humidity, and the outdoor air temperature in a total heat exchanger model formula (51a) representing characteristics of the total heat exchanger (4).
id-EP3480527A2    abstract-An indirect evaporative cooling system includes a frame, a heat exchanger core, a supply fan to move indoor return air inside the heat exchanger core, an exhaust fan to move air over the heat exchanger core in a direction perpendicular to the indoor return air, a water collection and management system disposed within the frame below the heat exchanger core to collect water sprayed onto the heat exchanger core, and a water spray system positioned above the heat exchanger core to supply water that is evenly distributed to a top surface of the heat exchanger core. The water spray system includes at least one water spray assembly having an enclosure with a surface, and at least two spray nozzles configured to spray water on a portion of the top surface of the heat exchanger core. Each spray nozzle is configured to produce a flat, fan-shaped spray pattern.
id-US20210229013A1    abstract-A water extractor includes a plurality of layers of low pressure zones and a plurality of channels of high pressure zones. The low pressure zone layers alternate, in a radial direction, with the high pressure zone channels. At least one of the low pressure zones is configured to enable a flow to enter, from at least one high pressure zone, to at least one low pressure zone.
id-US20190113245A1    abstract-An air conditioning system including a condenser system and a closed-loop air-to-water system. The condenser system includes a compressor which pressurizes refrigerant and distributes the pressurized refrigerant to at least one condenser coil, which climatizes water; and a fan which exhausts heat from the pressurized refrigerant. The closed-loop air-to-water system includes a climatized liquid tank, which receives climatized water from the at least one condenser coil; and an air handler disposed within a building, the air handler having a climatized liquid coil. The air handler is disposed to receive air from inside the building; transfer thermal energy from the climatized liquid coil to ambient air, creating climatized air; and distribute the climatized air to at least a portion of the building. The climatized water may be distributed to a recycled liquid tank, which may redistribute the climatized water to the climatized liquid tank, forming a closed-loop air-to-water system.
id-JP2020533554A    abstract-An air conditioning device that can suppress the increase of primary energy consumption and the increase of running cost is obtained. The first heat source device transmits heat to the target air using the steam compression refrigeration cycle as the heat source; the second heat source device transmits heat to the target air using a heat source different from the steam compression refrigeration cycle; and the control device that controls the first and second heat source devices. When the first heat source device is in operation to heat the target air, the heated target air is maintained at the target temperature, and the parameter representing the energy consumption of the first heat source device exceeds the first threshold, the control device can be used to control the first heat source. Stop the operation of the device and start the operation of the second heat source device.
id-EP3470747A1    abstract-An indirect evaporative cooling system includes a frame, a heat exchanger core, a supply fan to move indoor return air inside the heat exchanger core, and an outdoor exhaust fan supported by the frame to draw outdoor air over the heat exchanger core in a direction perpendicular to the indoor return air. The system further includes a water spray system positioned above the heat exchanger core to spray water over the heat exchanger core, and a water collection and management system disposed below the heat exchanger core to collect water sprayed onto the heat exchanger core. The water collection and management system includes a water basin configured to contain fluid. The water basin is configured to include an operational water volume and a water reserve volume which together define a total usable water volume, and includes a water height set point to define the water reserve volume.
id-US11486595B2    abstract-An Air Handling Unit for a ventilation system in a building has supply and extract air channels, each with an inlet and an outlet for guiding air to and from a building. Each air channel includes a damper controlling air flow. The air channels are in a heat exchanging relation to each other. The AHU also includes a fan and an Electronic Control Unit. The ECU outputs a defrost cycle initiation signal to defrost the heat recovery arrangement. The ECU outputs a defrost cycle termination signal to end the defrost cycle upon indication of the defrosting being completed. To optimize the defrost cycle time the ECU changes the first or second criterion for defrost cycle termination signal depending on the time for performing the defrost cycle such that the time period of the defrost cycle is prolonged/shortened when the defrost cycle time period is shorter/longer than preferred.
id-US20190145640A1    abstract-Liquid desiccant air conditioning methods and systems are operable in multiple modes to efficiently treat air streams provided to a space.
id-WO2019093946A1    abstract-Air heat exchanging system (10), for instance for installation in an older natural ventilation house, the system comprising at least two supply air ducts (11, 12) each one of which provided with a respective inlet (21, 22), each supply air duct (11, 12) being situated either inside an exhaust-air duct (13) common to at least two supply air ducts (11, 12) and/or inside an exhaust-air duct (14) separate for each supply air duct (11, 12). The inlet (21, 22) of each supply air duct (11, 12) is connected to a common supply air distributor (31 ), which in turn is connected to an outlet (42) for supply air (1) in a secondary heat exchanger (SHX). Furthermore, the secondary heat exchanger (SHX) is provided with an inlet (41) for supply air (1) and with an inlet (43) and an outlet (44) for exhaust air (2). In the secondary heat exchanger (SHX), supply air (1) is heated by exhaust air (2) which is led out from the system through exhaust air devices (52).
id-US10641520B2    abstract-An HVAC system that utilizes an air-to-air heat exchanger includes an HVAC ductwork section including a fan, and a filter assembly in fluid flow communication with the HVAC ductwork section. The filter assembly has a filter compartment having an opening oriented generally transverse to a direction of air flow through the filter assembly. A compressive member is provided on at least a portion of a perimeter extending around the opening. The compressive member is adjustable between an installation configuration in which the compressive member is spaced from a position that is to be occupied by a filter when the filter is installed in the filter compartment and an installed configuration in which the compressive member engages at least a portion of one of an upstream and a downstream face of the filter when the filter is positioned in the filter compartment.
id-EP3489592A1    abstract-The present disclosure relates to a filter contamination detection system (1) particularly for a ventilation system (2) and/or an air conditioner comprising: a housing (20) accommodating: a first air-filter (21), and a first fan (22) for inducing a first airflow through a first air passage (30), comprising an air inlet (31) and an air outlet (32), through the first air-filter (21), and a first fan motor (23) that drives the first fan (22), wherein a controller (40) is configured to determine a filter contamination state of the first air-filter (21) on the basis of: a) a fan motor power measurement and/or fan motor current measurement and/or fan motor resistance measurement during operation of the first fan motor (23) at a constant revolution speed or a constant DC voltage; or b) a fan motor power measurement and/or fan motor current measurement and/or fan motor resistance measurement and/or fan motor revolution speed measurement and/or DC voltage measurement during operation of the first fan motor (23) at a constant airflow rate; or c) a fan motor power measurement and/or fan motor current measurement and/or fan motor resistance measurement and/or fan motor revolution speed measurement and/or DC voltage measurement during operation of the first fan motor (23) at a constant airflow rate until a maximum revolution speed or a predetermined or a selected revolution speed or a maximum DC voltage or a predetermined DC voltage or a selected DC voltage is reached and then keep a constant revolution speed or a constant DC voltage; or d) an airflow rate measurement during operation of the first fan motor (23) at a constant revolution speed or a constant DC voltage.
id-WO2019093575A1    abstract-This invention is computer (and 항온항습기 room and at least one data center, including used for containing a number of interior space building's heating system heat recovery in recall, computational and interior space ventilation shaft is installed in the upper part of the computer room warm air above to retrieve the interior of the interior heat recovery ventilation emissions as wealth; A supply passageway is set up in the upper part of the above computer room and indoor space, separated from the ventilation passageway, and an air supply department supplying the cold air of the above indoor space to the upper part of the above thermo-humidity room; Temperature measuring unit respectively measuring the temperature of the above computer room, indoor space and outdoor air; A temperature control unit installed by each of the above indoor Spaces in which a user's heating control command is set for the function of setting, regulating or releasing room temperature; A heating and cooling unit that runs according to the above heating control order to provide heating function for the above indoor areas; And enter the above heating control command in the measured temperature in the temperature measurement above information recall based on computational fluid by heat recovery ventilation recall after the waste heat recovery above the interior space above through the air supply temperature. The control unit to set the heating temperature rise to perform heating heat recovery algorithm, If the above waste heat recovery heating algorithm is not feasible, it includes a control device that performs the basic heating algorithm using the above heating system.
id-WO2019100288A1    abstract-A building heating or cooling system is disclosed that includes an air handling system comprising an air delivery flow path (44) in fluid communication with a conditioned space (40) in the building. The building heating or cooling system also includes an electrocaloric heating or cooling system (10, 11) that includes first and second modules (12, 14). A first inlet receives air from the conditioned space (40) or the air delivery flow path (44) and directs it through the first or second module (12, 14) to a first outlet to the conditioned space (40) or the air delivery flow path (44), and a second inlet that receives air from conditioned space (40) or the air delivery flow path (44) and directs it through the first or second module (12,14) to a second outlet to outside the conditioned space (40).
id-EP3489596A1    abstract-The present invention refers to a heat pump apparatus for air renewal in rooms and, in particular, to an improved compact heat pump apparatus with components contained in a single casing to be mounted inside a room. Moreover, the invention is related to a method of operation of said apparatus inside a room able to activate a heat recovery action and/or renewal of stale air, heating, cooling or dehumidification.
id-US20190162430A1    abstract-A system for purifying and pre-conditioning intake air in an air conditioning unit comprises an energy exchange unit having an air inlet, an air outlet, a primary air flow running from the air inlet to the air outlet, and an active energy exchanging element or elements, and at least one spray washer having at least one nozzle, the spray washer positioned between the air inlet and the next active element, wherein the at least one spray washer is configured to dispense droplets of a fluid into the intake air from the at least one nozzle. A method for purifying and pre-conditioning intake air in an air conditioning unit is also described.
id-WO2019088819A1    abstract-The present invention, in general, relates to a low energy consumption air-conditioning system (100) enabled by a second stage temperature booster for air conditioning system. The key to the invention is the resulting consistent low energy consumption air conditioning system. The low energy consumption air conditioning system of the present invention has higher energy saving of up to 40% as compared to the inverter air conditioning system with the same horsepower. This is due to the lower running current throughout the operation of the low energy consumption air conditioning system of the present invention.
id-US20190145635A1    abstract-An air handling system configured to channel an airflow includes a blower assembly including a blower inlet and a blower outlet and a primary heat exchanger positioned downstream of the blower outlet. The air handling system also includes a secondary heat exchanger positioned upstream of the blower inlet such that the airflow is channeled sequentially through the secondary heat exchanger, the blower assembly, and the primary heat exchanger.
