id-US10852071B2    abstract-A method of operating an energy recovery system includes providing a flow of fresh air from an energy recovery ventilator through a supply port into a component of a heating and cooling system. Stale air is blown from the component through a return port into the energy recovery ventilator, the return port including a shield configured to at least partially prevent fresh air flowing from the supply port into the component from recirculating through the return port.
id-JP5532153B1    abstract-[problem] we provide an air conditioning system that can secure opportunities for ventilation of indoor air while suppressing excessive increase of the burden of air conditioners in heating operation. [solution] the air conditioning system is equipped with an air conditioning machine and a ventilation device with a total heat exchanger. The air conditioner performs temperature adjustment operation for adjusting the room temperature during heating operation and at least one type of non-temperature adjustment operation for generating heating load without adjusting the room temperature. The ventilation device shall be ventilated in the normal ventilation mode in which the ventilation quantity is equal to or above the specified ventilation quantity when the air harmonizer performs temperature adjustment operation. When the air harmonizer performs any operation included in the non-temperature adjustment operation, the rotation speed of the exhaust fan shall be adjusted to the rotation speed of the air supply fan. Make it larger than the number of rotations, make the room negative pressure, ventilate with a value smaller than the predetermined ventilation amount or ventilate in the ventilation suppression mode to stop the ventilation. Furthermore, in the ventilation suppression mode, the larger the heating load that increases by ventilating during the non-temperature adjustment operation, the smaller the ventilation volume. Select diagram: figure 3
id-WO2014107790A1    abstract-An energy exchange system is configured to provide dry supply air to an enclosed structure. The system may include an energy transfer device having a first portion configured to be disposed within a supply air flow path and a second portion configured to be disposed within a regeneration air flow path. The energy transfer device is configured to decrease a humidity level of supply air. The energy transfer device is configured to be regenerated with regeneration air. The system may also include a first heat exchanger configured to be disposed within the supply air flow path downstream from the energy transfer device and within the regeneration air flow path upstream from the second portion of the energy transfer device. The first heat exchanger is configured to transfer sensible energy between the supply air and the regeneration air. The supply air is configured to be supplied to the enclosed structure after passing through the energy transfer device and the first heat exchanger.
id-US20180266771A1    abstract-An energy recovery system includes a heating or cooling system and an accessory operably connected to the heating or cooling system, or a component of the heating or cooling system. One or more accessory interlocking mechanisms are located at the housing interlocked with one or more complimentary interlocking mechanisms located at the system or the component of the heating or cooling system to secure the accessory directly to the component. A method of securing an accessory to a heating or cooling system or a component of a heating or cooling system includes aligning one or more accessory interlocking mechanisms with one or more complimentary interlocking mechanisms The accessory is urged toward an installed position by moving the accessory along a length of the one or more complimentary interlocking mechanisms. The one or more accessory interlocking mechanisms are interlocked with the complimentary interlocking mechanisms to secure the accessory.
id-WO2014115497A1    abstract-Vventilated heat exchanger 34 is used to exchange the heat between the exhaust gas discharged from the room, which is the heating object space, and the air supplied from the room to the room. The heat medium heated by the heater is used as the heat source to heat the air supplied from the ventilation heat exchanger 34. The high temperature side heater core 35, the low temperature side heater core 36, which USES the heat medium flowing from the high temperature side heater core 35 as a heat source to heat the air supply flowing into the ventilation heat exchanger 34, and the flow adjustment valve that regulates the flow of the heat medium flowing into the low temperature side heater core 36. It has 39 beds. The flow adjustment valve 39 adjusts the flow of the heat medium flowing into the low temperature side heater core 36 so that the temperature of the exhaust flowing out of the ventilation heat exchanger 34 is higher than the dew point temperature. Therefore, condensation on the exhaust side of the ventilation heat exchanger can be suppressed.
id-US20140190670A1    abstract-An energy recovery ventilator for a heating or cooling system includes a housing and a heat exchanger located in the housing for recovery of thermal energy from a stale airflow of the heating or cooling system. An exhaust fan positioned in the housing is in flow communication with the heat exchanger to urge the stale airflow from a return port disposed in a first side panel of the housing, across the heat exchanger and toward an exhaust port of the energy recovery ventilator. The exhaust fan and the heat exchanger are configured such that the heat exchanger is removable from the housing via a front panel opening in the housing without disturbing a position of the exhaust fan.
id-US10234152B2    abstract-An air conditioner disclosed herein includes a cooling/heating module including a thermoelastic material and an actuator applying tension to the thermoelastic material and a switching control section selectively applying or removing tension to/from the thermoelastic material.
id-EP2955452A1    abstract-To provide a ventilation device having superior reliability. An air conditioning system (1) ventilates an indoor space (SI) that is a target space. The air conditioning system (1) is equipped with a supply air fan (21), an exhaust air fan (22), and a controller (6). The supply air fan (21) takes inside the indoor space (SI) outside air (OA) that is air of an outdoor space (SO). The exhaust air fan (22) exhausts to the outdoor space (SO) room air (RA) that is air inside the indoor space (SI). The controller (6) controls the operation of the supply air fan (21) and the exhaust air fan (22). In a case where a first fan that is either one fan among the supply air fan (21) and the exhaust air fan (22) has abnormally stopped, the controller (6) continues the operation of a second fan that is the remaining fan excluding the abnormally stopped first fan from the supply air fan (21) and the exhaust air fan (22) in order to make negative pressure or positive pressure inside the indoor space (SI).
id-US20140259964A1    abstract-The present invention provides an insulation panel used to form part of an exterior element of a buildings envelope for thermal insulation, ventilation, heating and cooling purpose having an internal duct that provides heat exchange between counter flowing waste and fresh air streams, oriented through the panel to minimise undesirable heat transfer. Ventilation air enters beneath the eaves, waste air exits beneath the ridge passing the coil of a reversible heat pump. The paired coil inside the building in the upper roof space within the fresh air stream is used for heating or cooling the building. Ducted waste air, leaving the building at this same position, can be supplied with a water mist before entering the heat exchanger to provide further indirect evaporative cooling of the incoming air stream. The waste air is also used to cool solar panels when fitted to the roof.
id-US9140471B2    abstract-A separator plate assembly for use in an indirect evaporative cooler (IEC) with an air-to-air heat exchanger. The assembly includes a separator plate with a first surface defining a dry channel and a second surface defining a wet channel. The assembly includes heat transfer enhancements provided on the first surface for increasing heat transfer rates. The heat transfer enhancements may include slit fins with bodies extending outward from the first surface of separator plate or may take other forms including vortex generators, offset strip fins, and wavy fins. In slit fin implementations, the separator plate has holes proximate to each of the slit fins, and the separator plate assembly may include a sealing layer applied to the second surface of the separator plate to block air flow through the holes. The sealing layer can be a thickness of adhesive, and a layer of wicking material is applied to the adhesive.
id-US9353966B2    abstract-Disclosed is an HVAC system having one or more air ionization devices for increasing operating efficiency and reduces overall cost by reducing the level of volatile organic compounds in recirculated building air. Also disclosed are combinations of heat exchangers operating in conjunction with ionization to further reduce operating costs. Included are various control sequences for a controller useful for managing air quality using CO2, VOC and other sensors to maintain air quality at reduced cost.
id-US9279598B2    abstract-A method of forming an energy exchange assembly may include forming a plurality of creases and a plurality of slits in a membrane sheet according to a predefined pattern, positioning a first spacer on top of a first forming area of the membrane sheet, folding the membrane sheet over a top of the first spacer so that a second forming area is positioned over the top of the first spacer, sealing a first portion of the first forming area to a first outer lateral wall of the first spacer, and positioning a second spacer on top of the second forming area, thereby stacking the second spacer over the first spacer.
id-US9803884B2    abstract-The present invention relates to a heat exchanger, a method for manufacturing the same, a heat recovery ventilator (HRV) including the same, and a method for defrosting and checking operations thereof.
id-US20140262125A1    abstract-An energy exchange assembly may include one or more membrane panels. The one or more membrane panels may include a microporous membrane that has a pore size between 0.02 and 0.3 micrometers (μm) and a porosity between 45% and 80%. Optionally, the energy exchange assembly may further include a plurality of spacers that define air channels. The air channels may be configured to receive air streams therethrough. Each of the one or more membrane panels may be disposed between two spacers. The one or more membrane panels may be configured to allow a transfer of sensible energy and latent energy across the one or more membrane panels between the air channels.
id-EP2775245A1    abstract-A device (10) comprising first and second heat accumulators (12, 14) each having thermal energy storage Chambers (20). Each casing includes an insulating chamber (40) containing earth (66) traversed by at least one first heat transport fluid circulation line (60) and at least one second heat transport fluid circulation line (62). For each accumulator, the first casing pipes are connected in parallel and the second casing pipes are connected in series. The heating device includes a device for supplying thermal energy (16) to the first heat transport fluid connected to the first and second accumulators by a first distribution circuit (22) of the first heat transport fluid adapted to selectively circulate the first heat transport fluid in the first line of each box of the first accumulator or in the first line of each box of the second accumulator.
id-WO2014164799A1    abstract-A water extraction method and moisture extraction system are disclosed. Water is removed from the water vapor laden exhaust of a gas turbine electrical generator by first increasing the concentration of water vapor in that exhaust stream while passing it through a desiccant means to regenerate the desiccant and remove water from the desiccant. The exhaust stream exits the desiccant at a lower temperature and higher vapor content level, and is then passed through one or more heat exchangers to further lower the temperature of the exhaust stream and condense water vapor out of the stream. The condensed water from the heat exchanger is collected and used for other purposes. The turbine exhaust leaving the heat exchanger is then passed through the adsorption region of the desiccant device to transfer water vapor remaining therein to the desiccant to dry the exhaust air stream before exhausting it to the atmosphere.
id-WO2014140717A1    abstract-The invention relates to a ventilation unit for providing supply air to an apartment or parts thereof and for removing return air from said apartment or parts thereof, said ventilation unit comprising: a supply air outlet for establishing supply air flow communication with said apartment; a return air inlet for establishing return air flow communication with said apartment; an exhaust air outlet for establishing exhaust air flow communication with the atmosphere; an outside air inlet for establishing outside air flow communication with the atmosphere; a heat exchanger having first air flow passages and second air flow passages for transferring heat energy from return air entering said first air flow passages and exhaust air leaving said first air flow passages on the one hand, to outside air entering said second air flow passages and supply air leaving said second air flow passages on the other hand; a first ventilator at a first location within the ventilation unit, for transporting air through a first air flow path starting at said return air inlet, passing through said first air flow passages in the heat exchanger and ending at said exhaust air outlet; and a second ventilator at a second location within the ventilation unit, for transporting air through a second air flow path starting at said outside air inlet, passing through said second air flow passages in the heat exchanger and ending at said supply air outlet. According to the invention, said first air flow path and said second air flow path comprise internal air flow ducts having rectangular cross sections.
id-EP2781383A1    abstract-An air conditioning system 10 for conditioning supply air for use in an apparatus or cabin a first apparatus 14 for heating air flowing therethrough, a first heat exchanger 20; a second heat exchanger 22; and a third heat exchanger 24; wherein each heat exchanger includes first and second in- and outputs, wherein the system is arranged such that: the first input 20a of the first heat exchanger 20 is connectable to an air supply; the first output 20b of the first heat exchanger is connected to the first input 22a of the second heat exchanger 22; the first output 22b of the second heat exchanger is connected to the input of the first apparatus 14; the output of the first apparatus 14 is connected to the second input 24c of the third heat exchanger 24; the second output 24d of the third heat exchanger 24 is connected to the second input 20c of the first heat exchanger 20; the second output 20d of the first heat exchanger 20 is connectable to a second apparatus 12 or cabin the first output 24b of the third heat exchanger 24 is connected to the second input 22c of the second heat exchanger 22; and wherein the system includes: a branched flow path 26 in between the first heat exchanger 20 and the second heat exchanger 22which is connected to the first input 24a of the third heat exchanger 24.
id-US20160265805A1    abstract-A heat exchanger system has two heat exchangers, a first heat exchanger and a second heat exchanger, mounted within a single enclosure, a first air inlet for receiving air from a first air system, a first air outlet, one or more second air inlets for receiving air from a second air system, one or more second air outlets, a first air path defined as a sealed air path from the first air inlet through the first heat exchanger, to the first air outlet, and a second air path, a third air path and a fourth air path, wherein the first air path transfers heat/energy through the first heat exchanger in a counter-flow relation with the third air path, and the second air path transfer heat/energy through the second heat exchanger in a counterflow relation with the fourth air path.
id-US20170307236A1    abstract-A coaxial ventilator exchanges atmosphere between parts of a building that are at differing heights. The coaxial ventilator includes an outer conduit that extends from an upper end thereof downward to a lower end thereof. The outer conduit surrounds an inner conduit that extends substantially the entire length of the outer conduit. Both the outer and inner conduits are open at their respective upper ends and lower ends. Temperatures of atmosphere both surrounding and within the outer conduit and the inner conduit induce an exchange of atmosphere between the coaxial ventilator and surrounding atmosphere.
id-US20150292761A1    abstract-A coaxial ventilator ( 20 ) exchanges atmosphere between parts of a building ( 22 ) that are at differing heights. The coaxial ventilator ( 20 ) includes an outer conduit ( 24 ) that extends from an upper end ( 42 ) thereof downward to a lower end ( 44 ) thereof. The outer conduit ( 24 ) surrounds an inner conduit ( 62 ) that extends substantially the entire length of the outer conduit ( 24 ). Both the outer and inner conduits ( 24, 62 ) are open at their respective upper ends ( 42, 66 ) and lower ends ( 44, 68 ). Temperatures of atmosphere both surrounding and within the outer conduit ( 24 ) and the inner conduit ( 62 ) induce an exchange of atmosphere between the coaxial ventilator ( 20 ) and surrounding atmosphere.
id-EP2792962A1    abstract-The invention comprises an air control, condensing flow, housing for mounting plastic pipes and their branch devices (1), such as fans and electrical coils, etc., which are distributed on the surface of a building. It is envisaged that the maximum Seitenflache shell is one enclosure against the Gebaudewand Gebaudeaußenwand or in a series of Aussparung Warmedammo Bundsystems potted, or hidden in the base loaded with explosives, and in the fuselage fitted with Warmetauscherplattenebenen preferably at the same time Gebaudewand labyrinth, efficient, which means the four Seitenlangen sum Warmetau The scherplatten is divided into 4, is made many times about Lufteinlasskanale into the Gebaudeinnere strange ventilation ducts built into the Plattenwarmetauschers (10), preferably at 45° on the vertical axis while the Luftfuhrung passes through each It is possible to press the side intakes and Luftauslass from the direct and intake gate Luftauslasse (1Ia 1Ib1IIa or plug-in and over and 1IIb) above (3) and the intake Luftauslass should be a Hohenversatz by the Luftstromes Niveauunterschied Außenzuluftkanal (1Ia) and Innenzuluftkanal (1IIa) or Außenabluftkanal (1Ib) and Innenabluftkanal (1IIb) is the height of the Plattenwarmetauschers. The resulting condensate is stored under a nearby tank, which is not uncaused, on the external delivery pipe outside the body, which is not uncaused by the external air flow into the pipe.
id-WO2014180279A1    abstract-The invention relates to a pendulum core type air exchanger, which comprises a shell (10), a fan (40) and a heat exchanger (20). The heat exchanger (20) has a frame type heat exchanger core (21) made of fiber material, and the heat exchanger core (21) is placed in a heat exchange chamber (14) to do intermittent swing and realize the air flow switching of the air duct in the machine. The fresh air and exhaust air exchange heat alternately from the opposite direction through the heat exchange material for indoor and outdoor air exchange and recovery of exhaust energy.
id-WO2014206012A1    abstract-The utility model relates to a three-pipe full heat treatment multi-line air conditioning system, which comprises an indoor unit (02), an outdoor unit (01), a high-pressure gas pipe (62), a low-pressure gas pipe (63), a high-pressure liquid pipe (64), a second solenoid valve (65) and a third solenoid valve (66). The first end of the outdoor unit (01) is connected to one end of the high pressure gas pipe (62), the other end of the high pressure gas pipe (62) is connected to the first end of the indoor unit (02) and the end of the third solenoid valve (66), the other end of the third solenoid valve (66) is connected to the second end of the indoor unit (02); The second end of the outdoor unit (01) is connected to one end of the low pressure gas pipe (63), the other end of the low pressure gas pipe (63) is connected to the third end of the indoor unit (02) and the end of the second solenoid valve (65), the other end of the second solenoid valve (65) is connected to the second end of the indoor unit (02); The third end of the outdoor unit (01) is connected to one end of the high-pressure liquid pipe (64), and the other end of the high-pressure liquid pipe (64) is connected to the fourth end of the indoor unit (02). An independent temperature and humidity control method is also disclosed.
id-US20200049428A1    abstract-A fluid channel formed with generally triangular-shaped performance enhancement features is disclosed. The fluid channels may be incorporated into heat exchanger or humidifier devices, the performance enhancement features generally having heat transfer and/or mass transfer performance enhancement applications. The heat transfer or mass transfer enhancement features are formed along the inner surfaces of the fluid flow passages of either the heat exchanger or humidifier plates and generally have sharp leading edges that create vortices in the fluid flowing through the passages. The heat or mass transfer enhancements protrude out of the inner surface of the fluid flow passages while leaving the outer surface of the fluid channel free of perforations. Alternatively, heat or mass transfer enhancements may be formed on separate inserts that are affixed to the inner surface of the fluid flow passages. The heat or mass transfer enhancements can be formed in metal plates or plastic plates using a variety of manufacturing techniques.
id-EP2821727A1    abstract-The invention relates to a procedure for the operation of ventilation equipment equipped with heating and cooling. External air is the heat that passes from air/air heat to air/air heat to air. In the pool water flow, the outdoor air will in turn come from the air/air heat transfer, as a heat source, is directed to the evaporator of the heat pump, and the coolant dissolved in the coolant in the low temperature cycle. A large amount of energy can expel air from the body. Air/Luft-Warmeubertrager brightly Zuluft(the first temperature T of ca.15-20 °C will be at Lufterhitzer for two temperatures T; Letter 2030 before a multi-temperature T play Abluft(,) located. Both the Gaskuhler Luftvorwarmer CO 2 as Kaltemittel in uberkritischen can lower the Zuluft. The Gaskuhler Kaltemittel is composed of a head state with the first temperature (tue) arbitrary, the second state temperature (tua) once, just at an almost isobaren pressure,ca. - 73.8 bar, the bar is 90, cooled. Carbon Dioxide 2 reduces the warm water direction (c) before evaporation, and since the resistance is 73 bar, the weight is increased to 73 bar.
id-US20150033730A1    abstract-A component of an air cycle machine includes a fan housing portion, a compressor housing portion, a main bore housing radius, a static seal radius, a shroud pilot housing radius, and an insulator seal plate housing radius. The fan housing portion includes a shroud for a fan section. The compressor housing portion includes a shroud for a compressor air inlet, a shroud portion for a compressor blade section, and a shroud portion for a compressor air outlet. The main bore housing radius is arranged about a central axis and is configured to circumscribe a shaft arranged along the central axis, the main bore housing radius being between 1.9400 and 1.9440 inches. The static seal portion is arranged about the central axis and positioned longitudinally adjacent to the main bore housing portion. The static seal portion is configured to circumscribe a static seal defined by the shaft, and has a radius between 2.0420 and 2.0440 inches. The shroud pilot housing radius is arranged about the central axis. The shroud pilot housing radius is between 5.9440 and 5.9470 inches. The insulator seal plate housing radius is arranged about the central axis and is configured to mate with an adjacent turbine section component. The insulator seal plate housing radius is between 8.6380 and 8.6420 inches.
id-US20160146473A1    abstract-A heating device includes a heating device chamber, a heating element for heating air in the heating device chamber, and a condensing counter-flow heat exchanger including a first flow path that receives outgoing air from the heating device chamber and a second flow path for providing incoming air to the heating device chamber. The first flow path and the second flow path are configured in a counter-flow heat exchange relationship such that the outgoing air flows in a direction opposite the incoming air and the latent heat of evaporated water in the outgoing air is transferred to the incoming air thereby condensing liquid water from the outgoing air.
id-WO2015021525A8    abstract-A solar energy collection system for a building enclosure with an insulated building envelope allows excess solar gains to be captured, stored and used for subsequent heating. The system controls operation of a fenestration assembly that has an adjustable R-value. The fenestration assembly can be controlled to allow additional solar gains to be captured and the captured heat and used for subsequent heating when required.
id-US20160298863A1    abstract-An air purification device with ozone and find dust cleaning, and optionally heating, cooling and dehumidifying function, is formed for installation in a room of a building. The air purification device comprises a first air channel to supply fresh air and a second air channel to discharge extract air. The two air channels lead through a heat exchanger. The air purification device further comprises a third air channel which opens into the first air channel after the heat exchanger. An electric filter/ozone generator is arranged in the first air channel after the first inlet and in the third air channel after the third inlet. A first fan is arranged in the first air channel after the electric filter/ozone generator and a second fan is arranged before the active carbon filter. A control unit is programmed to operate in at least one first operating mode the second fan with a higher suction power than the first fan.
id-US20150082824A1    abstract-A low temperature cooling and dehumidification system uses a reverse airflow arrangement to defrost a frosted cooling coil while not interrupting operation. Automatic air dampers are used to reverse the airflow at the proper time to initiate defrost of that section of frosted cooling coil. This system is useful for low temperature cooling and dehumidification in situations where the inlet air is above freezing, however exiting air below freezing can be supplied if desired. It is advantageous for operation if the coolant flow and temperature internal to the cooling coil are regulated to create the conditions for frost formation to begin closer to the air leaving side of the active cooling coil.
id-EP2846106A1    abstract-In a program Luftstromregelung Luftungsvorrichtung (1) is set as a Luftaustausch by Gebaudehulle with at least one electric Radiallufter (20) and vorwartsgekrummten with air compression (3) and Radiallufters (20) The establishment of (I)(20) or (n)(20) of the Radiallufters of the electric Betriebsstroms Radiallufters, while there are several connections (V1, V2V3) (n) and the feet of the old woman will be Betriebsstrom Radiallufters (I)(20), which is another Sollwert Luftstroms index for any connection (V1, V2, V3) (3) black Dichteparameter Radiallufter (20th)angesaugten goes out Sollwert's muzzle to establish air compression independent of air (3) and a value for Dichteparameters The angesaugten air connection (V1, V2, V3) will select to input the current (I) or amplitude (20) of the emission element into a value corresponding to the current power supply (I) and vector (20) with the selected association (V1, V2, V3).
id-US20150082817A1    abstract-A low temperature cooling and dehumidification system uses a reverse airflow arrangement to defrost a frosted cooling coil while not interrupting operation. Automatic air dampers are used to reverse the airflow at the proper time to initiate defrost of that section of frosted cooling coil. This system is useful for low temperature cooling and dehumidification in situations where the inlet air is above freezing, however exiting air below freezing can be supplied if desired. It is advantageous for operation if the coolant flow and temperature internal to the cooling coil are regulated to create the conditions for frost formation to begin closer to the air leaving side of the active cooling coil. The dehumidified generated condensate can be collected and used as grey water and/or potable water.
id-WO2015044884A1    abstract-The present disclosure relates to an air exchanging apparatus (10) including a first conveying device (12) for conveying a first air flow (F1) and a second conveying device (13) for conveying a second air flow (F2). The air exchanging apparatus includes a heat exchanger (15) configured to allow a heat exchange between the first air flow (F1) conveyed by the first conveying device (12) and the second air flow (F2) conveyed by the second conveying device (13). Each of the first conveying device (12) and the second conveying device (13) is configured to convey air by means of suction.
id-US9907214B2    abstract-Systems and methods for air conditioning a building using an energy recovery wheel are provided. An exemplary system includes a rotatable energy recovery wheel configured to rotate successively through a recirculated air stream and a second air stream separate from the recirculated air stream, and a refrigeration circuit configured to circulate a refrigerant through a cooling coil arranged in the recirculated air stream and a condenser arranged in the second air stream. The refrigeration circuit includes a pressure sensor configured to measure a condensing head pressure. The system further includes one or more temperature sensors configured to measure a temperature of the recirculated air stream upstream of the energy recovery wheel and downstream of the energy recovery wheel, and a controller configured to operate the energy recovery wheel and the refrigeration circuit based on the condensing head pressure and the temperatures of the recirculated air stream.
id-US9976767B2    abstract-Air-to-air heat exchanger for ventilation systems with two countercurrent air flows disposed inside a cylindrical housing, a first air flow circulating inside the heat exchanger inside closed pipes, while the second air flow is in spaces between the pipes and cylindrical housing, and a fan moving the countercurrent air flows and disposed at one end of the cylindrical housing, with the fan including concentric inner and outer rings separated by a wall for moving air in opposite directions, a bunch of straight, parallel pipes whose end elements at the fan side are tightly gathered together, in the end of a cylindrical wall and, on the opposite side, in the end of a cylindrical pipe fitting, and between end elements, taper into middle sections between which are spaces, and a sleeve lining the inner wall of the housing at the middle sections and constricts the inner diameter of the housing.
id-US9448001B2    abstract-A cooling system includes a first indirect heat exchanger configured to receive return air from an interior space and output conditioned air back into the interior space. The cooling system further includes a second indirect heat exchanger configured to receive outside air. A fluid conduit directs a flow of cooling fluid from the first indirect heat exchanger, through the second indirect heat exchanger, and back to the first indirect heat exchanger. A pump circulates the cooling fluid between the first and second indirect heat exchangers at a fluid velocity that is relatively slow. Additionally, return air and outside air flows through corresponding indirect heat exchangers at air velocities that are also relatively slow. The relatively slow fluid velocity and air velocities enhance an efficiency of heat transfer between the cooling fluid and the return air and between the cooling fluid and outside air.
id-EP2857772A1    abstract-The invention involves Warmeruckgewinnung Luftungsgerat (13), shell (14), the heat energy consists of (15) elements that are promoted by Geblases (58.60) or air, while casing (14) a Vorderwand(31), it a butt (32) and a Seitenwand(33), as well as for different Luft arten Luftanschlusse (90), i.e. walk, walk and/or air exchange. Some laws provide that at least some air transfers (90) of a certain air connection (90) located on the side wall (33) are between the same type of air (90).
id-US11143431B2    abstract-In order to efficiently exchange indoor air and outdoor air, to reduce power consumption, and to reduce discomfort to a user, damper, which switches between a heat exchange exhaust air path and a normal ventilation air path, is provided in an exhaust air path. In addition, a discomfort index is calculated from detection results of indoor temperature sensor provided on indoor-side inlet and outdoor temperature sensor provided on outdoor-side inlet. Further, controller, which switches between the heat exchange exhaust air path and the normal ventilation air path so as not to cause discomfort to the user, is provided to control damper.
id-WO2015063578A1    abstract-Assembly of a ceiling element and a cooling system for controlling a temperature in a space, wherein a liquid channel is provided which extends over the upper side of the ceiling element in order to exchange heat between liquid in the liquid channel and the underside of the ceiling element, wherein the cooling system comprises a first heat exchanger, a compressor, a second heat exchanger and an expansion valve which are placed in a circuit, wherein the assembly further comprises an air feed duct and an air discharge duct, the air feed duct and air discharge duct being operationally connected to the first heat exchanger, and wherein the second heat exchanger is operationally connected to the liquid channel.
id-US9891005B2    abstract-A high efficiency ventilation system may include a partition configured to separate a supply air stream and a return air stream, an energy recovery ventilator, a heat recovery ventilator, a refrigerant flow controlling condensing unit, and a direct expansion coil. The refrigerant flow controlling condensing unit may be configured to send a refrigerant to the direct expansion coil and configured to receive a refrigerant from the direct expansion coil. The direct expansion coil may be disposed between the energy recovery ventilator and the heat recovery ventilator. The high efficiency ventilation system may be configured to supply ventilation air to a controlled environment at a particular temperature and a particular humidity.
id-EP2876378A1    abstract-The invention relates to a Warmeruckgewinnung attachment with at least one tool for heat exchange by the building, thus Abluft and air exchange and/or heating the air exchange by Kreuzstrom's rigid Abluft while pressing the Gebaudeinneren's Abluft behind the heat energy by Fort luft and air exchange heat energy by the rear to the Gebaudeinnere Zuluft increase, and one of the Abluft and/or Elektroheizung erwarmbarer The Latentwarmespeicher orders that while the Latentwarmespeicher air exchange is carried out during the process of air compression as well as in the short time of limited storage that is to say the black hole air exchange material to frosting Warmetauschers Fortluft is prevented and/or corrected.
id-WO2015075659A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a heat pump apparatus for changing air within closed spaces and related method of operation. Particularly, the invention refers to a heat pump apparatus that allows changing air inside closed spaces during every season in an efficient way, without using complex balance systems of the thermodynamic cycle. The apparatus includes a device that increases the working fluid flow rate that enters the evaporator - if the external conditions require it - and a device for the air flow inversion by means of the condenser and of the evaporator, without inversion of the thermodynamic cycle.
id-WO2015079046A1    abstract-This air/air exchanger (1) with a double countercurrent flow comprises a first network of channels oriented along a longitudinal axis (for the exchanger (1), adapted for the circulation of a first air flow (F1) ina first direction, and a second network of channels oriented along the longitudinal axis (for the exchanger (1), adapted for the circulation of a second air flow (F2) in the opposite direction to the first air flow (F1). This exchanger. The exchanger (1) comprises members (10, 12, 14) for reversing the flow direction of the second flow of air (F2) in the second channel network, in such a way that the first and second flow of air (F1, F2) circulate in co-current, adapted to protect the exchanger (1) from frost.
