id-EP3092086B1    abstract-

id-WO2015122356A1    abstract-Adjust the burner (3) and the supply of VOC gas to the furnace (2), the supply of VOC gas to the burner (60), the supply of combustion fuel to the burner (3), and the supply of combustion air to the burner (3), respectively, and operate and control the system within the specified load range. The control unit (50) is equipped with an equipment (50), and the control unit (50) is controlled in such a way that VOC gas, which flows from the VOC gas supply unit (60) into the furnace (2) and is directed to the gas outlet (8), stays in the furnace (2) for a predetermined time or more and is maintained at a predetermined temperature. Provide Marine boiler (1) equipped with restricted operation mode to operate within the limited load range.
id-US9945556B2    abstract-A fossil-fuel power generation system assisted by waste incineration includes a waste incineration subsystem and a fossil-fuel power generation subsystem; wherein: the waste incineration subsystem includes a waste incinerator and the fossil-fuel power generation subsystem includes a main boiler; a flue gas channel is provided between a furnace of the waste incinerator and the main boiler; flue gas generated by waste incineration of the waste incinerator enters the main boiler through the flue gas channel; and the flue gas channel is located in a low part of the main boiler. Based on a high-temperature combustion environment of the main boiler, thermal energy of combustible waste is fully released and a thermal efficiency is increased; moreover, the flue gas discharged by the waste incinerator contains harmful substances which are mostly burned down by a high-temperature incineration of the main boiler. A secondary incineration greatly reduces the harmful substances and protects environment.

id-WO2015132093A1    abstract-Cogeneration plant and method to operate a cogeneration plant The present invention is related to a cogeneration plant (1) comprising a gas turbine engine (10), a heat recovery steam generator (17) and a division module (21) forming a semi-closed carbon dioxide cycle (22) of the cogeneration plant (1), the cogeneration plant (1) burning a mixture of fuel (40), oxygen (41) and a recirculated first flow of combustion gas (45) in a combustor (11) of the gas turbine engine (10), the heat recovery steam generator (17) arranged downstream of the gas turbine engine (10) receiving combustion gas (44) of the gas turbine engine (10) and the division module (21) arranged downstream of the heat recovery steam generator (17) dividing the combustion gas (44) into the first flow of combustion gas (45) recirculated to the gas turbine engine (10) and a second flow of combustion gas (46) for a generation (23) of carbon dioxide (42). Further, the invention is related to a method to operate a cogeneration plant (1).

id-EP2915870A1    abstract-The pyrogasification plant (1) comprises a reaction chamber (2) having a base frame (3) supporting a lateral wall (4, 5, 6) wherein a material to be pyrogasified (M) can be introduced for being transformed into syngas (S), tar (T) and char (C), wherein the lateral wall (4, 5, 6) comprises an external supporting structure (4) supporting an internal metal cartridge (5), with a substantially tubular shape and having an upper extremity (5a) and a lower extremity (5b), both of which are open, the material to be pyrogasified (M) crossing the internal metal cartridge (5) from the upper extremity (5a) to the lower extremity (5b) remaining contained by the internal lateral surface of the internal metal cartridge (5).

id-WO2015155565A1    abstract-The invention pertains to a method: for regulating, the electrical power output of an incineration plant- the method -comprising the steps of: feeding fuel (e.g. refuse) into a combustion chamber of the incineration plant, generating heal by Incinerating the mi within the combustion chamber, generating steam from the heat for driving a steam turbine, which is configured for providing: electrical power, and regulating the electrical power output generated by the steam turbine in dependence of an estimate of inderterministic variations In the- price of electricity in addition to an estimation of empirical/deterministic variations in the price of electricity. The invention also pertains to art incineration plant for executing the method.

id-EP3159520B1    abstract-

id-US20160109117A1    abstract-A system for reducing pollutants from the burning of a fossil fuel includes a pressure vessel containing in its interior a feedstock (e.g., methanol) and at least one set of electrodes. An electric arc is formed between the electrodes and the feedstock is exposed to a plasma of the electric arc thereby converting at least some of the feedstock into a gas. There are controls for the electric arc and a way to collect the gas. The gas is mixed with flue gases from burning of fossil fuels and secondarily burned (the mixture of flue gases and the gas in combination are ignited), thereby reducing the amount of pollutants.

id-WO2016025857A1    abstract-A ground supported power boiler is described combining a refractory lined and insulated conical floor; an insulated cylindrical combustion chamber; a cylindrical furnace with water tube wall; a rectangular convective section; a single vertical steam drum; tangential injection of the fuel and combustion air; means for fluidizing the fuel bed; means for selectively stripping particulates from the flue gases; multi-stage particulate stripping and filtering from flue gases, means for using the walls of steam drum as steam/water droplet separator, means for recirculating and capturing heat from the flue gases; means for pressurizing the interior of the boiler above atmospheric pressure; means for heating and drying fuel prior to feeding the fuel to the boiler; means for creating hydrogen shift reaction; means for eliminating any need for sootblowing; and designed to not require the use of an induced draft fan.

id-EP3193084B1    abstract-

id-WO2016038727A1    abstract-The heat supply system 1 consists of the exhaust gas of the engine 11 installed on the ship, which provides propulsion to the ship, and the exhaust gas of the incinerator 12, which burns combustible materials generated in the ship, including impurities separated from the fuel oil before being consumed by the engine 11. Exhaust gas economizer 14, which recovers heat from the exclusively selected exhaust gas, steam separation drum 15, which separates steam from water that has become a mixed state of liquid and gas due to the heat recovered by the exhaust gas economizer 14, and steaming. The compressor 17 is equipped with a gas separation drum 15 to compress the separated water vapor and raise the temperature. The water vapor compressed by the compressor 17 is supplied to the heat utilization device 18. If the ship is moving at normal speed and the load on the engine 11 is above the predetermined threshold, the exhaust gas from the engine 11 will be directed to the exhaust gas economizer 14, and if the ship is moving at a stop or very low speed and the load on the engine 11 is below the predetermined threshold, the fuel will be burned. The exhaust gas from the incinerator 12 is directed to the exhaust economizer 14.
id-WO2016043484A1    abstract-Gas device and method about, to react to the fuel gas, fuel supply in above reactor fuel supply and the reactive in response to above to improve fuel spray aerosol to moisture and fuel in above reactor fuel supply uniformly distributed include plates, The distributed plate above is receiving power, fuel and gas in a former subject electrostatic spray to generate and study on micro fluid by configuration, raise boiling phenomena or electrostatic spray phenomenon to aerosols using fuel can be uniformly to supply a reaction, response before supply to low-temperature oxidation of fuel and water through preheating and reformulated to gasification reaction efficiency can increase effect is obtained.
id-WO2016037212A1    abstract-An assembly (10) that receives a fuel (11) by the first fuel delivery system, that may be a low grade fuel such as biomass, garbage, coal and heavy bunker fuel oils. A turbine (12) is used, with hot gases moving the turbine being employed for heating a kiln (21). Combustion gases (26), are also used to provide a combustable gas for an augmentation chamber (39).

id-US10337733B2    abstract-A method for drying biomass fuel using waste heat of flue gas from a power plant. The method includes: 1) stepwise recovering, by multi-stage condensation, sensible heat of flue gas; stepwise heating air using the sensible heat, to yield first-stage dry air and second-stage dry air; 2) convectively drying and dehydrating biomass fuel using the first-stage dry air having a temperature of between 150 and 180° C.; 3) further convectively drying and dehydrating the biomass fuel using the second-stage dry air having a temperature of between 80 and 100° C.; and 4) drying and dehydrating the biomass fuel using the third-stage dry air having a temperature of less than or equal to 25° C.

id-JPWO2016051572A1    abstract-The challenge is to provide a regenerative rotary kiln that can reduce the ratio of flammable gas in the waste gas and the cost of producing superheated steam. The regenerative rotary kiln (1) generates the superheated steam generation part (2), which can be rotated around the axis, and supplies the superheated steam, while heating the carbon fiber reinforced resin (10) with matrix resin and carbon fiber In this way, A tube body (3) with A heating section (A) for generating flammable gas (10g) from the matrix resin and extracting carbon fiber (10s) from the carbon fiber reinforced resin (10) is arranged outside the tube body (3) and from the heating section (A) Heat is supplied to generate superheated steam by combusting the introduced gas (10g) from the first combustion chamber (43a) and the introduced gas (10g) from the first combustion chamber (43a). It is characterized by having a second combustion chamber (43b) and.
id-US9644501B2    abstract-A heat capturing module for obtaining useful energy from waste heat includes an extendable hood directing hot gas through a heat exchange assembly having a plurality of heat pipes. A closed flow loop directs a heat transfer medium through the heat exchange assembly to heat the heat transfer medium, and directs the heated medium for use by an application. In one embodiment, the closed flow loop directs the heat transfer medium through an organic Rankine cycle unit where heat is converted to electrical power. An exhaust system having a variable-speed induction fan induces flow of the hot gas through the heat exchange assembly. The speed of the induction fan may be controlled to maintain a setpoint temperature of the heat transfer medium. The hood may be extended and retracted based on a measured temperature of gas at an intake region of the hood. The module is transportable by truck trailer.

