id-EP3859207A1    abstract-About the invention of a Verbrennungsanlage and a program to burn liquid, solid or gaseous fuels enthaltend Feuerraum(A) owns Brennstoffzufuhr (1) Verbrennungsluftzufuhr(8) and a Rauchgasweg(2, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4 "56 6") and an infrared memory (C) simultaneously set Verbrennungsanlage in fruit Betriebszustand, burning in Brennstoffes Feuerraum(A) conducts at least part of the Rauchgases(2, 2) led by Feuerraum, which means black holes. 3) Infrared memory (C) is caused, just as memory (C) is set up to say that the black hole is saved, while erfindungsgemaßVerbrennungsanlage remains on, in Betriebszustand, burning in Feuerraum(a) is closed, that is, the black hole is removed from infrared memory (C). Feuerraum arrest (A) Heat transfer mode (a) Run a gas carrier (10,10), preferably air.
id-EP4112592A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a technique for treating a raw material, such as combustible waste, and more particularly to combustion, and pyrolysis and gasification treatment techniques that does not emit carbon dioxide into the atmosphere. A treatment apparatus includes a fluidized-bed furnace (1) having a pyrolysis chamber (6) and a combustion chamber (7) therein, the pyrolysis chamber (6) and the combustion chamber (7) are separated by a partition wall (10), an electrolysis device (2) configured to electrolyze water to generate hydrogen and oxygen, a methanation reactor (3) configured to produce methane from carbon dioxide discharged from the combustion chamber (7) and the hydrogen, a first fluidizing-gas supply line (11) configured to supply a first fluidizing gas to the pyrolysis chamber (6), and a second fluidizing-gas supply line (12) configured to introduce a second fluidizing gas to the combustion chamber (7), the second fluidizing gas including the oxygen and a part of the carbon dioxide.

id-EP3865771A3    abstract-The program will engage with a Feuerungsanlage Aufgabeschurre and camera images captured,Schurre surface looks like Schurre material on the slide, rusted stream, and a Bildauswertung covered Schurre slide, including material, Brennbettdicke Ausbrandzone user id .
id-US20230065497A1    abstract-Various implementations include a combustor system including an inner wall, a fuel grate, an ash grinder, an igniter, and a fan. The inner wall defines a combustion chamber and has a longitudinal axis and first and second ends. The inner wall defines primary and secondary air inlets. The primary air inlets are defined closer than the secondary air inlets to the first end. The fuel grate is disposed within the combustion chamber between the primary and secondary air inlets and is configured to support fuel disposed within the combustion chamber. The ash grinder is disposed between the fuel grate and the secondary air inlets and is rotatable about the longitudinal axis relative to the fuel grate. The igniter provides energy to the combustion chamber. The fan is configured to cause air to flow from the primary and secondary air inlets through the second end of the combustion chamber.

id-US11519601B2    abstract-A system for inerting a biomass feed assembly the system including a combustion chamber operably connected to the biomass feed assembly to receive a biofuel, the combustion chamber operable to combust the biofuel and generate a flue gas therefrom and a conduit operably coupled to at least one of the combustion chamber and an inert gas source, and the biomass feed assembly, the conduit operable to carry a gas to the biomass feed assembly. The gas sweeps dust generated in at least the gravity chute assembly toward the combustion chamber and the gas maintains an oxygen partial pressure or concentration in the at least a portion of the biomass feed assembly below a selected threshold sufficient to suppress ignition.

id-US20220357033A1    abstract-Plastic-powered power generator. In an embodiment, the plastic-powered power generator comprises a primary reactor with an air-fuel distribution assembly configured to supply fluidized polymer, air, and oxidizer to a primary reactor chamber, and an ignition system configured to ignite a mixture of the fluidized polymer, air, and oxidizer. The primary reactor chamber extends into a secondary reactor, to, when ignited, heat air flowing through the secondary reactor from a blower to a heat exchanger. The heated air flow may convert fluid, in a coil within the heat exchanger, into steam, which can drive a turbine to generate electrical power.

id-WO2021188243A1    abstract-Plastic-powered power generator. In an embodiment, the plastic-powered power generator comprises a primary reactor with an air-fuel distribution assembly configured to supply fluidized polymer, air, and oxidizer to a primary reactor chamber, and an ignition system configured to ignite a mixture of the fluidized polymer, air, and oxidizer. The primary reactor chamber extends into a secondary reactor, to, when ignited, heat air flowing through the secondary reactor from a blower to a heat exchanger. The heated air flow converts fluid, in a coil within the heat exchanger, into steam, which can drive a turbine to generate electrical power.

id-EP3901519A1    abstract-The present invention refers to a pyrolytic reactor intended for processing waste. This device has a particular interest for application in the recycling of plastic waste, from which the production of a liquid fuel is possible. The reactor (1) consists of a combustion chamber (2), burners (4) that burn gas to heat the pipes of the heat exchanger of the reactor (3) that pass through the reactor (1) at its full height and which are immersed in the fluidized bed (20) and on the freeboard (21). The reactor (1) also consists of a distribution plate (19) composed of a set of microperforated pipes for introducing gas into the fluidized bed (20), and of valves of the bed (16) for controlling the removal of the material of the fluidized bed (20).

id-US20210363918A1    abstract-A bale boiler incinerates bales of material, and particularly bales made from waste, garbage and other refuse, in order to provide heat for a steam turbine generator, and includes a conveyor for transporting bales of waste material through a three-stage boiler. The boiler is preferably divided into three stages: 1) the warming stage, 2) the main incineration stage, and 3) the supplemental incineration stage. In the warming stage, the bale is warmed and dried. In the main incineration stage, the bale is burned to create heat that is then used to power a steam turbine electrical generator or the like. In the third, supplemental incineration stage, the remnants of the bale burn down to ash, and the remaining ash and non-combustible waste are then transported out of the boiler by the conveyor and dumped into a receptacle or container for transport and disposal.

id-WO2021234918A1    abstract-By improving the self-sufficiency of sequence processing from waste reduction to recycling while reducing the cost of recycling waste, the cost of outsourcing processing of industrial waste is reduced, and the economic rationality is established even in small-scale and small-amount processing compact integrated type Provide waste treatment system, reduce waste and recycle. The waste treatment system consists of a pyrolysis device (2) for pyrolysis of combustible waste, a melt molding device (3) for generating resin ingots and combustible gas from synthetic resin waste, and an oil press for generating combustible oil and combustible gas from resin ingots. The melt molding device (3) has a melt part (31) that melts the synthetic resin waste with the heat generated from the pyrolysis device (2), and the oil extraction device (4) has a heat content that thermally decomposes the resin ingot with the heat generated from the pyrolysis device (2). At least one of the flammable gases generated by the melt molding device (3) and the oil extraction device (4) is supplied to the pyrolysis device (2).
id-WO2021233500A1    abstract-RNV - Anlage contains a like Abluftreinigungsvorrichtung (10) Thermoreaktor(11) has at least one Brennkammer(12) to infrared purification purification Abluft and at least one Regenerator(14) to distinguish anthocyanins Abluft Brennkammer(12) through, or God cleansing Reingas The Brennkammer Regenerator takes and raises (12)(14) its Brennkammer side, sets up the grave (16) or connects. . Help to further reduce the Schadstoffgehalts Reingas instructions Abluftreinigungsvorrichtung also a Spulluftsystem (40-46), and a Spulphase Spulluft comes from Spulluftquelle (40 years old,30) in a time variable and/or local variable in the way that the burial mound (12) begins when the gas is picked up from the burial mound (16) and Regenerator (14) Brennkammer.
id-WO2022004976A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a waste heat recovery and white smoke reduction device of exhaust gas equipped with a pre-cooler. Under this invention an example of exhaust gas heat recovery and white reduction device of high temperature steam pipeline which contains a first exhaust emissions, supplemented by conceptual fluid from 1 through lowing emission absorb moisture and calories, and reminder 1 emissions is in dry condition with low melting temperature and the second exhaust emission of emissions through conceptual wealth; A storage unit in which the inspiratory fluid in contact with the no.1 exhaust gas is discharged and stored from the upper respiratory tract; And includes a pre-cooler equipped on the above exhaust gas supply pipe to cool the heat of the first exhaust gas with inflow water from outside;
id-US20220040649A1    abstract-A volatiles consuming eductor system for coated scrap metal furnaces with separate delacquering and melt chambers. Motive gas is forced through an inlet into a mixing chamber in a direction opposite a suction port, creating a Venturi that draws gases from the delaquering chamber through the mixing chamber. The motive gas and the drawn gases mix and are forced through a discharge port, ignited, and injected into the melt chamber to help heat the melt chamber. A computer monitors process conditions and controls a regulator that adjusts the motive gas flow in response to those conditions.

id-WO2022021117A1    abstract-The invention relates to the technical field of domestic waste and sludge treatment, and provides a collaborative treatment system and method for domestic waste and sludge. The system includes a drying device, a incineration device and a residue disposal device. The drying device comprises a hollow blade shaft, a barrel body, a hollow blade, a kiln head cover, a kiln tail cover, a rotary joint and a first motor; The incineration device comprises a furnace body, a fixed grate plate and a movable grate plate; The residue disposal device comprises a screw feeder and a second motor. The present invention provides a collaborative treatment system and method for domestic waste and sludge, which respectively carry out drying treatment and pyrolysis gasification treatment for domestic waste and sludge through the drying section and gasification section of the cylinder, so that the domestic waste and sludge can enter the furnace body more easily incinerated. The fixed grate and movable grate in the furnace body cooperate to make the incineration of domestic waste and sludge more fully, and the residue after incineration treatment enters the storage tank and contacts with water, avoiding the generation of dust and improving the working environment.
id-WO2022021116A1    abstract-The utility model relates to a two-stage waste drying and incineration treatment system. The system comprises a incineration device (10) and a residue treatment device (20); The incineration device (10) comprises a first support (11), a hollow blade shaft (12), a barrel body (13), a hollow blade (14), a kiln head cover (15), a kiln tail cover (16), a rotary joint (17) and a first motor (18); The residue treatment device (20) comprises a screw feeder (21) and a second motor (22). In this incineration treatment system, the waste is dried in the drying section on the barrel (13), and the waste after drying is incinerated in the incineration section on the barrel (13). The residue after incineration enters the storage tank (211) at the lower end of the spiral feeder (21) from the discharge port (161), and the residue is in contact with water to avoid the generation of dust. The residue in contact with water is transferred upward through the screw feeder (21) and discharged from the slag outlet (212) to improve the working environment.
id-US20230122176A1    abstract-A system and method to prevent an oxidizer overheating using cold side bypass for a volatile organic compounds (VOCs) treatment system with a series rotor are described, which is mainly used in the organic waste air treatment system. The system is equipped with a thermal oxidizer (to), a first heat exchanger, a second heat exchanger, a third heat exchanger, a first cold-side transporting pipeline, a first adsorption rotor, a second adsorption rotor, and a chimney. A cold-side proportional damper is installed between the first desorption-treated air pipeline and the first cold-side transporting pipeline, or it is installed on the first desorption-treated air pipeline. When the VOCs concentration becomes higher, the cold-side proportional damper can regulate the airflow to adjust the heat-recovery amount or concentration, when treating the organic waste air, it can prevent the thermal oxidizer from being overheated due to high oxidizer temperature, and protect from thermal oxidizer shut-down.

id-EP4194114A1    abstract-A vacuum cracking method and a cracking apparatus for a power battery are disclosed. The vacuum cracking method includes the following steps that: waste power batteries are fed from a feed hopper (810) and then enter a rolling unit (700) for rolling treatment to obtain a crushed material; the crushed material is transported to a cracking unit (300) for preheating, then heated and cracked under an inert atmosphere or vacuum to obtain cracked gas, solid cracked products and non-crackable products; and the solid cracked products and the non-crackable products are transported to a pyrolysis unit (500) for pyrolysis at an aerobic atmosphere to obtain pyrolysis gas and non-pyrolysis products.

id-WO2022034986A9    abstract-Waste heat recycling system with the solid fuel incinerator launched, incinerate the waste solid fuel supplied inside, but the exhaust generated during the incineration; Adsorption-precipitating hazardous materials by spraying adsorption water to the above discharged exhaust gas; Filtration of the above hazardous substances adsorbed sediment water filtration; A steam generator to generate electricity using steam generated through heat exchange of incinerator waste heat with the cooling water supplied for the cooling of the above solid fuel incinerator; And number sediments above can supply clean water treatment via the strainer, and clean electricity generated above and supply above using hydroponic used to recall, hydroponic adsorption flushed water resupply, by including a hydroponic systems: heat arising during waste incineration solid fuel and emissions effectively for development and hydroponic can be recycled.
id-WO2022032481A1    abstract-The invention relates to a system and method for collaborative treatment of kitchen waste in a waste incineration plant. The system includes garbage pond, three-phase separation device, waste incineration power generation system, and also includes a collaborative waste leachate treatment system and a backinjection device. The solid slag generated after the leachate of the garbage pond passes through the three-phase separation device into the garbage pond, and the waste water is treated in two ways. The first waste water is treated by the garbage leachate treatment system, and the second waste water is sprayed back into the incinerator of the waste incineration power generation system through the back injection device. The crude oil produced by the three-phase separation device of food and kitchen waste and domestic waste is further purified or sold. According to the direction of the waste water flow, in the first waste water treatment process, Before entering the waste leachate treatment system, a coagulation device and an air flotation device are set up in turn; In the second wastewater treatment, a homogenizing emulsification device and a filtration and impurity removal device are also provided before the backflow device. The system can mainly solve the problem of high grease in wastewater treatment during the collaborative treatment of kitchen waste.
id-WO2022082889A1    abstract-The utility model relates to an integrated system for on-line coupled plasma melting of hazardous waste combustion. The flue gas outlet of the integrated incineration melting device (1) is connected with the inlet of the waste heat recovery device (2), the outlet of the waste heat recovery device (2) is connected with the inlet of the quench tower (3), and the outlet of the quench tower (3) is connected with the inlet of the dry reactor (4). The outlet of the dry reactor (4) is connected to the import of the catalytic bag dust collector (5), the outlet of the catalytic bag dust collector (5) is connected to the import of the wet deacidification tower (6), the outlet of the wet deacidification tower (6) is connected to the import of the induced draft fan (7), and the outlet of the induced draft fan (7) is connected to the chimney (8). It can realize the high-temperature online melting of hazardous waste incineration bottom slag, so that the bottom slag of the incineration section of the rotary kiln (12) directly enters the melting section for high-temperature treatment, which greatly improves the energy utilization efficiency. At the same time, the flue gas of the rotary kiln (12) and the molten flue gas are collected through secondary combustion and enter the post-treatment system for joint purification, effectively reducing the overall operating cost and avoiding the shortcomings of existing technologies.
id-WO2022089157A1    abstract-A sludge reduction treatment system and method comprises a mud storage pond (5), a sludge dewatering device (6), a sludge incinerator (7) and a waste heat boiler (8); The mud storage tank (5) is provided with a reagent inlet (501), a first sludge outlet (503), and a steam inlet (502); The sludge dewatering device (6) is provided with a first sludge inlet (601) and a second sludge outlet (602); The sludge incinerator (7) is provided with a second sludge inlet (701), a third sludge inlet (703) and a flue gas outlet (702); The waste heat boiler (8) is provided with a flue gas inlet (801) and a steam outlet (802); The flue gas inlet (801) is arranged in the middle and lower part of the waste heat boiler (8); The steam outlet (802) is arranged in the middle and upper part of the waste heat boiler (8); The first sludge outlet (503) is connected with the first sludge inlet (601); The second sludge outlet (602) is connected to the second sludge inlet (701); The flue gas outlet (702) is arranged in the middle and upper part of the sludge incinerator (7), and the flue gas outlet (702) is connected with the flue gas inlet (801); The steam outlet (802) is connected to the steam inlet (502). The treatment system and method make full use of the heat of the sludge itself and reduce the demand for external energy.
id-WO2022105355A1    abstract-The invention relates to a waste incineration ash treatment system and method based on a solid slag-discharging boiler of a large coal-fired power station, which comprises a coal-fired boiler system of the power station and a cyclone burner system; The coal-fired boiler system of the power station comprises a furnace (11) and a high-temperature flue gas nozzle (10) located on the top of the furnace (11); The cyclone burner system comprises a cyclone burner body (5), a garbage incineration ash inlet (1), an oil gun (2), a pulverized coal primary air inlet (3), a slag inlet (6), a granulated water tank (7), a slag catcher screen (8) and a connecting flue (9). The input end of the cyclone burner body (5) is provided with a garbage incineration ash inlet (1) and an oil gun (2). A number of pulverized coal primary air inlets (3) are arranged along the tangential direction at both sides of the input end, and a slag drop port (6) is arranged at the bottom of the output end, and the output end is communicated with the high-temperature flue gas nozzle (10) through the connecting flue (9). A granulating flume (7) is arranged under the slag drop opening (6); The joint part of the cyclone burner body (5) and the connecting flue (9) is inclined, and the outlet of the connecting flue (9) is higher than the flue gas outlet of the cyclone burner body (5); The slag screen (8) is arranged at the joint part of the cyclone burner body (5) and the connecting flue (9).
id-US20220146095A1    abstract-A low nitrogen coupling combustion system for the disposal of waste stink gas and solid waste including a waste pit, at least one stink gas incineration equipment and a waste incinerator, wherein the waste pit is equipped with stink gas outlets and the stink gas incineration equipment is provided with an incineration chamber for burning stink gas, as well as a stink gas inlet, a fuel inlet and a burned stink gas outlet which are connected with the incineration chamber; the stink gas inlet is connected with the stink gas outlet of the waste pit through a stink gas delivery pipe, and the fuel inlet is connected with a fuel source through a fuel delivery pipe; the burned stink gas outlet is connected with a combustion-supporting air inlet of the waste incinerator through a flue gas discharge pipe.

id-US20220146094A1    abstract-A system for disposing a high-moisture mixed waste composed of kitchen garbage and water-containing sludge is provided, including a mixed waste storage device, a mixed waste primary-drying device and a mixed waste incinerating device.      The mixed waste primary-drying device includes a mixed waste primary-drying body, a primary-drying material inlet, a primary-dried material outlet, a drying gas inlet and a primary waste gas outlet. A discharging outlet of the mixed waste storage device is connected with the primary-drying material inlet through the first conveying belt. The mixed waste incinerating device includes an incinerator, an incineration material inlet, an incineration material outlet, a combustion-supporting gas inlet and a flue gas outlet. The incineration material inlet is connected with the primary-dried material outlet through the second conveying belt and the combustion-supporting gas inlet is connected with the primary waste gas outlet. The flue gas outlet is connected with the drying gas inlet.

id-WO2022112832A1    abstract-Electric power generating home/office incinerator configured to generate electricity from the heat in the incinerator. As fig.4 disposed plurality of peltiers (14) around in the incinerator just inner layer of the outer aluminum sheet (6) and other side on the hot plate at air gape (15), a concrete wall (16) separates air gape and burning area. So the different temperature get in peltiers sides and produce an electricity. The temperature of the air gape (15) controls by microprocessor (9) to protect peltiers don't damaged by overheat (14) and microprocessor control the flow pump (7) to flow liquid in both coiled hollow tube (4) in the concrete (16) and storage liquid tank (19) to exchange heat and stores the excess heat in both concrete and the liquid. The stored heat helps to continue produce electricity for many hours at no burn.

id-WO2022095154A1    abstract-A low nitrogen coupled combustion treatment system for garbage pit odor and solid waste comprises a garbage pit (10), at least one odor incineration mechanism (20) and a garbage incinerator (50), wherein the garbage pit (10) is provided with a odor outlet (101), and the odor incineration mechanism (20) comprises: The incineration chamber (200) for combustion exhaust gas, the odor inlet (201) connected to the incineration chamber (200), the fuel inlet (202) and the combustion odor outlet (203), the odor inlet (201) connected to the odor outlet (101) of the refuse pit (10) through the odor delivery pipe (L1), The fuel inlet (202) is connected to the fuel source (S) through the fuel delivery pipe (L2), and the combustion odor outlet (203) is connected to the combustion air inlet of the waste incinerator (50) through the flue gas discharge pipe (L3), so that the high temperature and low oxygen flue gas emitted by the odor incineration mechanism (20) is used as the combustion air of the waste incinerator (50). The waste incineration is carried out in a high temperature and low oxygen environment, which can effectively reduce the production of nitrogen oxides, which can greatly prevent the coking phenomenon of the waste incinerator (50), improve the combustion efficiency, and extend the service life.
