id-WO2018138505A1    abstract-The invention is concerned with an integrated unit comprising a unitary boiler and gas cleaning apparatus. Preferably the integrated unit comprises a boiler unit, and gas cleaning apparatus, the integrated unit has a reaction unit (4) and further comprises a radiant zone (10) connected to the reaction unit, the radiant zone being connected to a convection zone (12). The integrated unit further comprises a heat exchange means (14) encircling at least one of the radiant zone and the convection zone, and gas cleaning means (16) is preferably provided around at least a part of the heat exchange means. The reaction unit may comprise a fluid bed boiler, gasifier or pyrolytic chamber and wherein fuel is burned completely; burned under pyrolytic conditions; or is gasified. The heat exchange means may comprise an annular heat exchange chamber and the gas cleaning means may be provided in an annular gas cleaning chamber encircling the heat exchange chamber.

id-WO2018153198A1    abstract-The invention relates to a waste air drying treatment system and a treatment method of a waste air drying treatment system, wherein the treatment system comprises a low temperature dry air making device (100) and a waste air drying treatment device (200) connected with it. The refuse air drying treatment device (200) comprises a first refuse air drying cylinder (30), the inner wall of which is provided with a first spiral turning plate (40), the first spiral turning plate (40) under the rotation of the first refuse air drying cylinder (30), and pushes the refuse to move. The air inlet (32) of the first refuse air drying cylinder (30) is connected with the low-temperature dry air making device (100). The low-temperature dry air is blown out along the axial direction of the first refuse air drying cylinder (30). The operating direction of the low-temperature dry air is the same as the advancing direction of the refuse. The waste air drying treatment device (200) also includes a second waste air drying cylinder (31), in which the low temperature dry air in the second waste air drying cylinder (31) runs in the opposite direction to the advancing direction of the waste. The treatment method uses high temperature tail gas as hot air source and natural wind as supplementary air to produce low temperature dry air, which is conducive to the storage and transportation of garbage and improves the pyrolysis efficiency of garbage.
id-WO2018148425A1    abstract-A fuel material processing system includes a hopper assembly configured to receive a fuel material. A drying system is configured to remove moisture from the fuel material to generate a dried fuel material. A material delivery system is configured to provide the dried fuel material to a combustion system.

id-US11499778B2    abstract-An apparatus and a method is provided for continuously drying bulk goods, in particular wood fibers and/or wood chips, in a dryer, wherein the drying vapors are led to a dryer circuit, in which the drying vapors are indirectly heated via a heat-exchanger and are conducted to the dryer again.

id-US11079106B2    abstract-An apparatus and a method are provided for continuously drying bulk goods, in particular wood fibers and/or wood chips, in a dryer, wherein the drying vapors are led to a dryer circuit, in which the drying vapors are indirectly heated via a heat-exchanger and are conducted to the dryer again.

id-WO2018215767A1    abstract-Materials recycling processes that include a combustion stage can operate very efficiently, but can produce exhaust gases that are high in carbon monoxide and the like. We describe a treatment unit which comprises a chamber for receiving the material, a heat source for (preferably) heat-treating the material and for initiating combustion, and a gas outlet from the chamber, which allows the gas that is exhausted via the outlet to be supplied to the air inlet of an associated boiler unit, with the air inlet and a separate fuel inlet feeding a burner for combusting fuel from the fuel inlet in air from the air inlet in order to heat a transfer fluid. In this way, the unburnt elements of the gas expelled from the chamber are included in the combustion process of the boiler unit and fully combusted. A corresponding method is also disclosed.

id-WO2018218572A1    abstract-The utility model relates to a waste incinerator furnace wall cooling air collection system in which the cooling air is extracted by a centrifugal fan and transported to the bottom of the furnace wall through a pipeline, then flows through the furnace wall from the bottom up and leaves from the furnace wall, and the cooling air from the furnace wall is transported to the primary air suction duct through the collection duct. The cooling air collection system can effectively increase the temperature of primary air intake, reduce the energy consumed by primary air heating, reduce the load of furnace induced draft fan, and save energy.
id-WO2019007964A1    abstract-Waste thermolysis plant (22) comprising a first drying chamber (2) capable of vacuuming the incoming waste and a second calcination chamber (4) capable of vacuuming the dried waste from the first chamber (2), each chamber having an external heating system including a combustion chamber (3,5), And a vacuum pump (15,16) for maintaining the vacuum in the enclosure (2,4) and connected to the enclosure (2,4) by an extraction duct (13, 14). The installation (22) being characterized in that it comprises a circulation duct (14,12) of gas from the second chamber (4) to the second chamber (4) through the heating system (5) through the outside of the second chamber (4).
id-WO2019012289A1    abstract-Disclosed herein is an apparatus for combusting recyclable or waste material. The apparatus (10) comprises a cylindrical combustion chamber (20), the chamber (20) comprises a first inlet (30) in a side wall, the first inlet in communication with a blower (32), an ignition means (34), and a source of recyclable or waste material (42), and an outlet (50) in a first end wall (24) on a longitudinal central axis of the chamber. The longitudinal axis of the first inlet (30) is offset from the central axis of the chamber (20), the first inlet (30) is proximal the first end wall (24) and the outlet (50) comprises a portion which extends inwards of the first end wall (24) a distance greater than the distance between the first inlet (30) and the first end wall (24).

