id-JP4410843B1    abstract-[subject] our aim is to provide a melt treatment system that can safely, stably, and efficiently melt and detoxify fibrous silicate minerals such as asbestos. [solution] a shaft furnace type primary melt furnace with an input part for the processed product on top and a burner device for irradiating the frame from the lower side into the furnace, and a secondary melt chamber for melting the powder generated in the primary melt furnace. It is equipped with a heat exchanger that USES the recovered combustion gas to control the outside air into hot air of 700 to 1000 degrees Celsius, and the hot air of 700 to 1000 degrees Celsius is injected into the burner device of the first melting furnace to control the temperature of the first melting furnace to 1700 to 1900 degrees Celsius. It is characterized by its appearance. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US9068744B2    abstract-An energy conversion system comprises a plurality of concentrically arranged combustion chambers for passing incinerated waste plastic fuel along a generally S-shaped combustion path into a discharge section for thermally coupling the incinerated waste plastic fuel to a fluid material to facilitate an energy conversion process. The combustion chambers are arranged concentrically around a single rotatable feed mechanism and the combustion chambers are in fluid communication with one another. The fluid material is contained within a boiler in fluid communication with the combustion chambers for heating the fluid material to facilitate the energy conversion process.

id-US8893498B2    abstract-[Problem] To provide a waste combustion method enabling to utilize efficiently heat energy of a large amount of a wet gas generated from a high temperature gas, which is discharged from a waste combustion furnace so as to be cooled and washed      [Means for Solving Problem] A method of power generation by waste combustion comprising supplying the waste into a combustion furnace  1  for combustion, feeding a combustion gas from the combustion furnace  1  into a quenching vessel  4  containing a cooling/dissolving water and bringing the combustion exhaust gas into direct contact with the cooling/dissolving water and thus generating a wet gas wherein this wet gas G is supplied directly into a power generation system  10  employing a working medium, or a heat recovery medium, which has been exchanged with the wet gas G, is supplied into the power generation system  10 , so that the power generation system is operated.

id-JP3158237U    abstract-[problem] we provide a food residue dryer that can dry food residues in a short time and greatly reduce the amount of waste after treatment. [solution] through multiple crushing processes, the surface area exposed to hot air during drying is maximized by minimizing food debris debris, and drying efficiency is increased. In addition, waste liquid generated from food residue is efficiently separated and drained during the crushing process, and heat source is regenerated. It can be used to increase the thermal efficiency required for drying, thus reducing power consumption. In addition, considering the working environment and the surrounding environment in terms of collecting and removing odors generated in the processing of food residues, the hot water part 110 can be set to prevent the temperature drop of the drying part 50 and smoothly clean the hopper part 10 and the wastewater treatment part 10. They are characteristic. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2010121574A3    abstract-The device producing electricity and heat from biomass or biomass waste in the form of pellets or briquettes (1) includes one cogeneration unit (2) consisting of a gas section and a gas combustion engine (3) or a turbine with a generator (4) producing electricity for the public distribution network and an ORC device (5) producing electricity for the public distribution network. It further consists of a gas source for the cogeneration unit (2) and a heat source for the ORC device (5), and a drier (7) connected to the cogeneration unit (2) and to the ORC device (5). The gas section for the cogeneration unit (2) and the heat source for the ORC device (5) consists of a pyrolysis reactor (8) for pyrolysis combustion of pellets or briquettes (1). The pyrolysis reactor (8) is connected to the input to the gas combustion engine (3) or the turbine. The pyrolysis reactor (8) involves an oil circuit (15), connected to the input into the ORC device (5). The output of the heat (17) from the gas combustion engine (3) combustion gas leads to the circuit of the first heat exchanger (9), which is connected to the input into the ORC device (5).

id-WO2010123444A1    abstract-At a method and a plant for burning solid fuel in a rotating furnace (10) and an after-burning chamber (50) the fuel is initially incinerated in an oxygen-deficient environment at a lower temperature interval in the furnace (10) and in a first stage (60) of the after-burning chamber to thereby produce combustible fumes therein. The fumes are thereafter subjected to an increase in velocity by being passed through a contracted passage (70) between the first stage (60) and a second stage (80) of the after-burning chamber (50). At the same time combustion air is blown into the contracted passage (70) for a conclusive combustion at a higher temperature interval of the fumes in the passage (70) and in the second stage (80) of the after-burning chamber (50).

id-US8328993B2    abstract-Proposed is a pyrolysis reactor for processing solid municipal and domestic wastes by means of a pyrolytic reaction in the pyrolysis chamber without access of oxygen to the reaction system. The reactor is characterized by containing two waste-feeding screws which have tapered shapes, a gap between the outer surfaces of the threads, are inclined in the vertical plane and converge towards each other in a horizontal plane in the direction from the inlet to the outlet end. The gap is adjustable with diminishing toward the outlet end.

id-US20100275823A1    abstract-A Pyrogen waste treatment and electrical generation combination of systems which is comprised of a combination of pyrolytic combustion systems with a feed stock and a means to convey and pre-treat the feedstock to the combustion system, where the combustion system produces a syngas; co-generators produce hot water and electrical power; and where the co-generator systems may be powered from syngas. It features a means to transfer the syngas to the cogeneration hot water and electrical power generator; a means to transfer hot water and electricity from the cogeneration hot water and electrical power generator to the pyrolytic combustion system; and a means to transfer generated electricity from the co-generator to an end user. It provides significant benefits compared to other devices and is used for a symbiotic and synergistic combination of essentially two systems—a pyrolytic combustion system and a cogeneration electrical power generator.

id-WO2010134831A1    abstract-In the process complex, pyrogas obtained in the plasmothermal reactor for the processing of municipal solid waste, after its preliminary cleaning from dust and resins, enters the sialoon synthesis chamber and the burning of articles from it, from which the gaseous product enters the carbidization chamber of silicon metal mixture, and the gas that does not react in that chamber enters the hydrogen membrane separation chamber. Sorption and purified pyrogas with the addition of a part of the fuel gas from the hydrogen separation chamber enters the gas turbine connected to the recovery boiler, from which steam is sent to the steam turbine for electricity generation. Liquid slag from the plasmothermal reactor is supplied to the technological line of nanolong formation, thermal insulation sheet and its products. Technical result: improvement of municipal solid waste processing efficiency and expansion of the list of processed products.
id-WO2011008446A3    abstract-In one aspect, the present invention provides a biomass gasifier comprising a reactor. The reactor includes (i) an inlet for biomass, (ii) an inlet for an oxygen - containing gas, (iii) an inlet for steam, (iv) an outlet for reactor product gas, (v) an outlet for ash, (vi) a biogas exit conduit coupled to the outlet for the reactor product gas and (vii) an inlet for a secondary oxygen source. The biogas exit conduit includes a catalytic partial oxidation unit, the catalytic partial oxidation unit is substantially restricting the biogas exit conduit. A system and method for biomass gasification is also provided.

id-US20100307390A1    abstract-A method and apparatus for incinerating different types of combustible waste in a cement manufacturing process. Two combustion chambers for incinerating waste are arranged in series, with first combustion chamber being a down draft chamber in which there is a downward flow of combustion gas and waste fuel to a waste and gas outlet. The second chamber is adaptable to support waste on a supporting surface incorporated in the compartment, wherein the waste is transported through the compartment from a waste inlet to a waste outlet along a circular path.

id-EP2264368A2    abstract-This paper describes a technique and facility for the treatment of high speed explosive material, which is mainly composed of waste and tar binder. According to the relevant Zerkleinerung Straßenaufbruchmaterial Oxidationsluft temperature maintained in a focal section does not exceed 600°C. The resulting smoke is cleaned and then vented around. No waste due to material containing adhesive.
id-WO2011005131A3    abstract-The invention refers to a plant and a procedure for treatment in continuous flow of garbage and industrial waste containing rubber, plastics, metals, pulp and other components resulting from household consumption or industrial use. The problem solved by the group of inventions, according to claimed inventions, is that domestic and industrial waste containing rubber and plastic is treated with the reduction of hazardous emissions resulting from combustion with the recovery of a fuel gas component by washing the smoke in water and placing the dirty water from smoke washing into a reactor, for chemical and physical transformations. It was unexpectedly found that waste recovery, due to the washing of smoke 'with water, whose pH is maintained at a value of 2... 5, such residues are retained by the liquid environment so that it is possible to treat the multi- phase system in a field where a certain energy expressed in eV/cm exists. Following this treatment, gas is generated, which contains hydrogen, oxygen and carbon in an atomic state, the temperature gradient decreases with a constant value forming an amorphous carbon deposit which is recovered, and gas is used as fuel gas... Thermal energy is recovered from the hot smoke at the boiler exit by means of a heat economizer which turns steam into gas at a certain temperature, gas composed of hydrogen and oxygen and which is used to maintain a constant temperature inside the boiler for household waste incineration when other domestic waste with low heating power is burned in the boiler.

id-WO2010151163A2    abstract-The invention refers to a plant and a procedure for heat and electricity production by using energy from sewerage water, especially the one resulting from industrial or housekeeping activities. The problem is solved by inventions from a group of inventions and consists in wastewater treatment simultaneously with obtaining heat and electricity. According to the invention, the installation removes the aforementioned disadvantages, because the steam from some reactor chambers is discharged through some pipelines with electric valves mounted on the inside, connected to a short collector connected with a turbine which operates a power generator, to the turbine there is connected a pipeline held in connection with a heat exchanger to which a pipeline is connected, through which the recirculation water from the first reactor chamber is introduced from a pipeline connected to the first reactor and passed through a cooler from which it is sucked by a pump and pushed through a pipe into the supply pipeline for sewerage water, to the last reactor there is connected another pipeline for the recirculation of water through another cooler from which water is pushed by another pump through another supply pipeline for the sewerage water of this reactor chamber, the boiler being connected through a pipeline to a turbine which operates a power generator, to the turbine there is connected a pipe which connects it to a heat exchanger, onto which a pipeline in communication with the boiler is mounted.

id-US9702552B2    abstract-A method and system for the conversion of waste into energy in a sealed system where combustion does not take place and the operating pressure prior to the inlet of the steam or power generating equipment is maintained below atmospheric pressure. Destruction of the RDF (refuse derived fuel) is accomplished by subjecting the RDF to a high temperature environment under controlled conditions in a purpose designed and built reactor. The high temperature environment, <5000° C., is achieved through the use of one or more non-transferred plasma torches for generation of plasma gas. The plasma gas exiting the torch and provides the thermal energy for the continual gasification of metallurgic coke configured as a carbon bed in the lower part of the reactor, which acts as a thermal catalyst and this provides the thermal energy for the gasification process.

id-WO2011014094A1    abstract-The invention refers to methods of disposal of organic waste with high humidity and high concentration of harmful substances. Wet waste containing organic materials is disposed of in a thermal decomposition chamber, a metal carbon burning retort of continuous operation. Waste promotion within the retort is carried out with the help of the rotor. The composition of gaseous products of pyrolysis, which supports sustainable combustion in the combustion chamber, is ensured by the dosed loading of waste. The combustion chamber is made in the form of a cyclone swirl chamber and is equipped with blow fans. In the lower zone, combustion Chambers burn coal residues, in the middle and upper areas, coal residues are burned and gaseous pyrolysis products from the retort are burned. Flue gases are released outside the retort and inside the rotor to heat the recycled waste. Technical result: ensuring environmental safety of the process, expanding the range of recyclable waste, reducing energy intensity, increasing productivity.
id-WO2011007252A2    abstract-A system for heat recovery and pressure control including: a fresh air heat exchanger with at least one fresh air heat exchanger conduit, a pre-heater heat exchanger with at least one pre-heater heat exchanger conduit, and a proportioning valve coupled to the conduits. The fresh air heat exchanger is adapted to warm the fresh air by transferring heat from the at least one fresh air heat exchanger conduit. The pre-heater heat exchanger is adapted to pre-heat the contaminated air by transferring heat from the at least one pre-heater heat exchanger conduit. The conduits are adapted to receive hot air and transfer heat from the hot air. The proportioning valve is adapted to control the flow of hot air through the conduits.

id-WO2011012114A2    abstract-Use plastic-containing waste to dry it by splashing or juicing it into water, or use aircraft such as ultrasonic transponders to add water during the production of cement or power plants. The harvesting process can use both moisture energy and particle geometry to control the detector.
id-WO2011007256A9    abstract-A process for energy recovery and transfer including: warming fresh air in a heat recovery and pressure control unit; feeding waste feed and the warm fresh air into a processor; reducing a moisture content of the waste feed by breaking the waste feed into a fuel powder in the warm fresh air in the processor; filtering contaminated air through an initial filter to remove the fuel powder from the contaminated air; pre-heating the contaminated air in the heat recovery and pressure control unit; raising the temperature of the pre-heated contaminated air in a chamber; passing the chamber discharge air through the heat recovery and pressure control unit to pre-heat contaminated air passing on to the chamber and to warm fresh air passing on to the processor; and filtering terminal air through a terminal filter to remove particles from the terminal air.

id-WO2011007255A2    abstract-An apparatus for sanitizing and deodorizing air. The apparatus includes: a chamber including an inlet adapted to receive contaminated air, an outlet adapted to transport heated air, a baffle adapted to increase the length of a path traveled by air in the chamber, and an ash removal device adapted to remove ash from the chamber; and at least one combustor, wherein the combustor is adapted to combust a fuel to heat the air in the chamber so that the air is sterilized and deodorized, thereby generating such ash.

id-WO2011018977A1    abstract-[challenges] by improving the evaporation efficiency of water contained in organic sludge and the drying rate of organic sludge, we can reduce the size of organic sludge treatment facilities and provide a drying treatment system that can efficiently treat condensate. [solution] the heat source for drying organic sludge SL is the exhaust gas G1 below 450 degrees Celsius discharged from waste incinerator 2, and the steam condensing device condensing the steam generated by drying by organic sludge drying device 4. A drying treatment system for organic sludge, consisting of placing 8 and A flushing device 10 that USES water W condensed by water vapor condensation device 8 to flush flushing ash a. 1. In addition, it is preferred to have decomposition material addition device 7 in organic sludge drying device 4 or in front of it, which is used to add substances to decompose protein in organic sludge SL.
id-US20110036280A1    abstract-A small scale integrated waste processing system for the thermal destructions of waste. The system comprises a compactor ( 12 ) for densifying waste and expressing air, a pyrolyzer ( 13 ) to receive waste delivered from the compactor, a gasifier ( 14 ) with an ash vessel ( 23 ) that receives dried waste, and an oxidizer ( 15 ) receiving gas from the gasifier to be combusted. Heat energy from the oxidizer can be routed back to the pyrolyzer.

id-EP2292726A1    abstract-This will be a program where Bierbereitung specifies the place, and comes from a Maische, Maische won the condiment Temperaturbehandlung surgery with the help of Lauterprozess condiment, from which the condiment was processed after Heißtrubabscheidung Heißtrub was out of the way and the condiment was mainly passed through the food beer. One of the provisions is that, before unification, spelz requires only partial segmentation, and partial segmentation makes things produced by energy production expensive, at least in the dry state. Therefore, the heat required for the mass production process is generated and a suitable device is set up (1).
id-WO2011018976A1    abstract-[challenges] to improve the evaporation efficiency of water contained in organic sludge and the drying speed of organic sludge, reduce the size of organic sludge treatment equipment, and provide a drying treatment system that can efficiently treat condensate. [solution] the heat source for drying the organic sludge SL is the exhaust gas G1 below 450 degrees Celsius discharged from the cement manufacturing facility 2, and the steam curds that condense the steam generated by the drying by the organic sludge drying facility 6. A drying treatment system for organic sludge consisting of A reduction device 8 and A incinerator ash flush device 10 that USES the water W condensed by the steam condenser 8 to flush the incinerator ash a. 1. In addition, it is preferred to have decomposition material addition device 7 in organic sludge drying device 6 or in the front stage of organic sludge drying device 6, which is used to add substances that decompose protein in organic sludge SL.
id-US20120217149A1    abstract-Far infrared ray heating technology is used to breakdown waste plastic and resultant heavy oils into usable products. Waste plastics may thus be processed into petroleum products and used to generate energy.

id-WO2011026307A1    abstract-

id-JPWO2011027394A1    abstract-[challenges] reduce the amount of coke used in the melting furnace by efficiently melting waste. [solution] at least one of the sorting treatment (S1), crushing treatment (S2) and drying treatment (S3) is carried out for the waste before it is integrated into the melting furnace (1) for melting treatment of the waste using coke. At least one treatment allows the selection of waste with water content below 50% by weight and the selected waste to be loaded into the melting furnace. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-WO2011027395A1    abstract-[challenges] reduce the amount of massive carbon-based combustible material injected into the melting furnace by keeping the thickness of the filling layer of the massive carbon-based combustible material (coke) within an appropriate range. [solution] waste and massive carbon-based combustible materials are injected from the top of the furnace, and ash and non-combustible materials in the waste melted by the reaction heat are discharged from the discharge hole at the bottom of the furnace, and the generated gas is discharged from the top of the furnace. In the shaft-type waste melting furnace (1), which forms a filling layer to melt waste, at least one inlet (12 to 15) for supplying oxygen-containing gas to the melting furnace, and a flow regulator for adjusting the flow rate of oxygen-containing gas supplied to the inlet. (80, 90). The flow control mechanism is designed to control the flow rate of oxygen-containing gases at the lower end of the furnace so that the air velocity of oxygen-containing gases in the region located directly above the gas outlet of the lower end of the furnace is within the range of 0.1 to 1.0 [Nm/s]. Adjust the flow rate of oxygen-containing gas supplied.
id-WO2011053652A1    abstract-A portable air curtain incinerator for burning biomass, such as cleared logs and vegetation, is equipped with heat recovery panels along at least one of the sidewalls of the incinerator's firebox, and a heat transfer medium is cycled through the heat recovery panels and expanded to its gaseous phase by heat released during incineration of the biomass. The gaseous medium is directed to drive the turbine of a generator to generate electricity. The heat transfer medium is condensed, preferably using a local source of cooling water, and the cycle is repeated. The air curtain incinerator may include its own generator, or multiple incinerators may be coupled to a single shared generator.

id-US20110083593A1    abstract-A system and method to permit fluidized combustion without requiring a separate fluidizing medium, such as sand. The system may include a combustion chamber, a fuel feed system coupled to the combustion chamber, an ignition system coupled to the combustion chamber, a fluidizing system coupled to the combustion chamber, where the fluidizing system includes a fuel and fluidizing medium formed from the same material, and a heat recovery system. The method may include delivering a pelletized fuel into a combustion chamber by a fuel feed system and onto a fluidizing plate, igniting the pelletized fuel with an igniter system coupled to the fluidizing plate, fluidizing the pelletized fuel after combustion is started in the absence of a fluidizing medium beyond the pelletized fuel, and heating a medium in a heat exchanger with combustion gases.

id-WO2011048475A1    abstract-Plant for the production of energy from biomass, comprising a boiler in which material formed by used equestrian bedding is burnt, and comprising, upstream of the said boiler, a tank (1) destined to receive the material to be treated and in which there are positioned means (3) for conveying said material to a crushing station located downstream and in which means (5) are provided for the reduction of the material into elements of predetermined size, means (8; 80) for conveying the crushed material to a drying station downstream, and means (12) for conveying the crushed and dried material from said drying station to said boiler.

id-WO2011061635A3    abstract-Methods and associated apparatus for automatically growing agricultural crops vertically and/or in a continuous fashion throughout each year (Vertical Farm) in combination with contiguous and co-located production of biofuel, food, biomass for the purpose of carbon sequestering (carbon credits), and biomass electric power generation. A process that incorporates vast arrays of continuous-loop conveyors, towering upon vertical framework, which allow potted perennial plants to be transported throughout all stages of maturity in a manner which substantially multiplies yield per acre, allows production to proceed in both natural and artificial light, allows production and harvesting to be automated, and allows production to proceed in conditions which are highly favorable to plants but unfavorable to humans. The entire apparatus can be constructed of lightweight, cost-effective materials which afford mass-production and mass- array into vast automatic growing operations.

id-WO2011056083A3    abstract-The present invention concerns a mobile device for rendering harmless organic waste, particularly medical, catering and veterinary waste, including harmful waste, to be used to render the waste harmless by means of the process of carbonization directly in the vicinity of its production. A mobile device for rendering harmless organic waste, particularly medical, catering and veterinary waste, having at least two chambers and devices to recover heat, according to the invention is characterized in that it constitutes a carbonization reactor (8) unit connected at its outlet to an exhaust gases after-burning reactor (15), placed in a mobile container (1) and having microwave generators as its heating devices.

