id-US20190293284A1    abstract-A thermochemical system & method may be configured to convert an organic feedstock to various products. A thermochemical system may include a solid material feed module, a reactor module, an afterburner module, and a solid product finishing module. The various operational parameters (temperature, pressure, etc.) of the various modules may vary depending on the desired products. The product streams may be gaseous, vaporous, liquid, and/or solid.

id-US20210048189A1    abstract-The invention comprises: a) first comburent supplying means (18) connected to the lower part of the oxidation chamber, for introducing pressurized oxygenated gas in the oxidation chamber at a speed that comprises a tangential component; b) a particle recirculation system, which comprises: a particle separator (24) on the upper part of the oxidation chamber for trapping hot particles of ash and unburned material, and a transportation system (25) for transferring trapped particles from the particle separator (24) to the base of the oxidation chamber; and c) a gas recirculation system comprising: a sucker (26) for suctioning combustion gases from the upper part of the oxidation chamber, and pipes (27) for transferring the suctioned gases to the base of the oxidation chamber. It provides an optimized thermal transfer that reduces the emission of pollutants in waste recovery.

id-WO2019237695A1    abstract-The utility model relates to a power generation system and method for collaborative disposal of domestic waste in cement kiln. The power generation system comprises a waste receiving and storage system, incineration system, leachate treatment system, odor treatment system, waste heat boiler system, turbine power generation system and flue gas purification system, wherein the receiving and storage system comprises a discharge hall (1), a waste storage pit (3) and a feeding device (6), wherein the waste storage pit (3) is communicated with the discharge hall (1); Above the refuse storage pit (3) is a refuse truck (5) and a grab (4) connected with the refuse truck (5). The refuse truck (5) is arranged to send the refuse in the refuse storage pit (3) to the feeding device (6) through the grab bucket (4), and the feeding device (6) is connected with the incineration system; The incineration system comprises a steam-air preheater (8) and a grate furnace (7) connected with a steam-air preheater (8), and the waste heat boiler system comprises a waste heat boiler (10), a waste heat boiler (10) and a grate furnace (7) connected; The leachate treatment system comprises a leachate tank (2) and a leachate treatment station connected with a leachate tank (2), which is connected with a refuse storage pit (3); The odor treatment system is connected to the refuse storage pit (3); The turbine power generation system is connected with the waste heat boiler (10), and the waste heat boiler (10) is arranged to be connected with the grate cooler; The flue gas purification system is set up to connect with the grate cooler.
id-US20200129989A1    abstract-A municipal solid waste recycling facility for producing a solid recovered fuel is provided. The municipal solid waste recycling facility includes a pre-shredding unit and a shredding unit. The pre-shredding unit includes a trommel configured to sort a first stream of solid waste by size into a second stream of solid waste and a third stream of solid waste. The shredding unit includes a primary shredder configured to shred the second stream of solid waste.

id-WO2020074943A1    abstract-Plant for the treatment of multi-component waste with an organic matrix characterized in that it consists of at least one reactor composed by two concentric cylinders, heating means for the chamber formed in the innermost cylinder of said concentric cylinders being interposed in the cavity between the two said cylinders, means designed to ensure the formation of a synthesis gas and the separation of elementary solid substances being provided downstream of said reactor.

id-US20200158335A1    abstract-An improved systems and methods to reduce and remove particulate matter and chemical pollutants from flue gasses. Specifically, the invention relates to waste incinerator furnaces and devices and methods for improved combustion, destruction and removal of undesirable particulate and gaseous environmental contaminants and pollutants.

id-EP3877638A4    abstract-

