id-US9175875B1    abstract-The combustion gases in a used oil furnace are discharged from the combustion chamber through an opening in the upper rear portion of the combustion chamber to direct the combustion gases into an upper header. An array of vertically oriented flue tubes extends downwardly from the upper header to a lower header before being discharged through horizontally opposing discharge openings. Ventilation air is blown into the rear of the furnace past and around the vertical flue tubes and is then forced in to a laminar path extending circumferentially around the combustion chamber by an air sweep shroud spaced from the combustion chamber by an annular gap. The ventilation air is then collected in a forward discharge chamber for discharge through louvered ventilators into the adjacent ambient atmosphere.

id-US20140223908A1    abstract-A system and method of integrated waste management having a source of a combustible waste material, a separator for separating the combustible waste material from a recyclable material, an airless drier for drying the combustible waste material to generate a pyrolysis feedstock, and a pyrolyser for pyrolysing the pyrolysis feedstock to form char and pyrogas. The system and method for power generation may also use an oxidiser for the high-temperature oxidation of syngas generated from the pyrolysis feedstock to generate heat for power production.

id-WO2013129784A1    abstract-The invention discloses an outer casing wherein a waste gas outlet and a waste inlet are formed on the side; An inner casing installed inside the upper outer casing and forming a water storage space between it and the upper outer casing; And installed in the interior of the inner casing thread above, including a number of nozzle unit configuration, these nozzle unit is, as long as body are arranged in the vertical length orientation column 1 nozzle holes and lowing column 1 nozzle and strong position is formed in a certain Angle with nozzle hole the second column, remind the above Shanghai two points in the body to the water storage space and flue open chain appearance and hollow tubes, As a hollow tube inserted into the inside of the above outer face, the outer face of the body is formed with the first and second column nozzle tips joining the above outer face to the first and second column nozzle holes respectively, and a part of the body is formed with an inner tube opening to form an air inlet, The above first row nozzle hole is commenced with respect to the above second row nozzle hole and the incineration boiler unit featuring staggered arrangement between each other so that the height is different.
id-WO2013125928A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a carbonization and pyrolysis gasification device of wastes which can be energized by carbonization and pyrolysis gasification of various wastes by an oil field heating element heated by micro-wave, and by burning the gases generated in the process of carbonization and pyrolysis gasification. 본 invention carbonized and thermal decomposition of wastes of gasification combustion devices will be carbonized or open space decomposition, by micro wave heating, forming a genetic consisting of heating heating, heating with body, redolent body and be installed adjacent to console fever fever for micro wave 발진기, A transfer unit shall be installed at the lower part of the main body by means of the above heating to transport the carbonized or pyrolyzed remains to the outlet side, and a waste supply unit shall be equipped by means of the above heating to supply the carbonized or pyrolyzed remains to the carbonized or pyrolyzed space of the main body.
id-US20130213281A1    abstract-A filter vessel for removing metal particles from exhaust, comprising a casing defining an internal chamber adapted to receive a flow of gas travelling along a flow direction; an electrostatic grid disposed in the internal chamber in intersecting relation to the flow direction, the electrostatic grid adapted to electrostatically charge metal particles in the flow of gas; a first electromagnet disposed on the casing in a downstream location along the flow direction relative to the electrostatic grid, the first electromagnet adapted to attract the electrostatically charged metal particles; a second electromagnet disposed on the casing in a downstream location along the flow direction relative to the first electromagnet, the second electromagnet adapted to attract the electrostatically charged metal particles; a controller configured to control the energization of the first and second electromagnets; and a metal particle collector for collecting electrostatically charged metal particles attracted by the first and second electromagnets.

id-WO2013123926A2    abstract-The program in the phosphorhaltigen waste recovery facility for loading only recycling Monoverbrennungsanlagen can be used for dissolving and/or animal feed, Mitverbrennung by power plants or in the furnace Zusatzfeuerungen accumulation or similar kilns, in other industries In addition to existing or new errichtende such facilities, which incorporate Schmelzvergasung P-haltigen substances, steel slag produces steel slag, low-iron slag phosphate, gas and gas, which are then used as fuel in plants with pure energy applications.
id-US9328660B2    abstract-Described herein are embodiments of systems and methods for oxidizing gases. In some embodiments, a reaction chamber is configured to receive a fuel gas and maintain the gas at a temperature within the reaction chamber that is above an autoignition temperature of the gas. The reaction chamber may also be configured to maintain a reaction temperature within the reaction chamber below a flameout temperature. In some embodiments, heat and product gases from the oxidation process can be used, for example, to drive a turbine, reciprocating engine, and injected back into the reaction chamber.

id-US9194584B2    abstract-Described herein are embodiments of systems and methods for oxidizing gases. In some embodiments, a reaction chamber is configured to receive a fuel gas and maintain the gas at a temperature within the reaction chamber that is above an autoignition temperature of the gas. The reaction chamber may also be configured to maintain a reaction temperature within the reaction chamber below a flameout temperature. In some embodiments, heat and product gases from the oxidation process can be used, for example, to drive a turbine, reciprocating engine, and injected back into the reaction chamber.

id-US9359947B2    abstract-Described herein are embodiments of systems and methods for oxidizing gases. In some embodiments, a reaction chamber is configured to receive a fuel gas and maintain the gas at a temperature within the reaction chamber that is above an autoignition temperature of the gas. The reaction chamber may also be configured to maintain a reaction temperature within the reaction chamber below a flameout temperature. In some embodiments, heat and product gases from the oxidation process can be used, for example, to drive a turbine, reciprocating engine, and injected back into the reaction chamber.

id-US9534780B2    abstract-Described herein are embodiments of systems and methods for oxidizing gases. In some embodiments, a reaction chamber is configured to receive a fuel gas and maintain the gas at a temperature within the reaction chamber that is above an autoignition temperature of the gas. The reaction chamber may also be configured to maintain a reaction temperature within the reaction chamber below a flameout temperature. In some embodiments, heat and product gases from the oxidation process can be used, for example, to drive a turbine, reciprocating engine, and injected back into the reaction chamber.

id-US9273608B2    abstract-Described herein are embodiments of systems and methods for oxidizing gases. In some embodiments, a reaction chamber is configured to receive a fuel gas and maintain the gas at a temperature within the reaction chamber that is above an autoignition temperature of the gas. The reaction chamber may also be configured to maintain a reaction temperature within the reaction chamber below a flameout temperature. In some embodiments, heat and product gases from the oxidation process can be used, for example, to drive a turbine, reciprocating engine, and injected back into the reaction chamber.

id-US9371993B2    abstract-Described herein are embodiments of systems and methods for oxidizing gases. In some embodiments, a reaction chamber is configured to receive a fuel gas and maintain the gas at a temperature within the reaction chamber that is above an autoignition temperature of the gas. The reaction chamber may also be configured to maintain a reaction temperature within the reaction chamber below a flameout temperature. In some embodiments, heat and product gases from the oxidation process can be used, for example, to drive a turbine, reciprocating engine, and injected back into the reaction chamber.

id-US9328916B2    abstract-Described herein are embodiments of systems and methods for oxidizing gases. In some embodiments, a reaction chamber is configured to receive a fuel gas and maintain the gas at a temperature within the reaction chamber that is above an autoignition temperature of the gas. The reaction chamber may also be configured to maintain a reaction temperature within the reaction chamber below a flameout temperature. In some embodiments, heat and product gases from the oxidation process can be used, for example, to drive a turbine, reciprocating engine, and injected back into the reaction chamber.

id-US9206980B2    abstract-Described herein are embodiments of systems and methods for oxidizing gases. In some embodiments, a reaction chamber is configured to receive a fuel gas and maintain the gas at a temperature within the reaction chamber that is above an autoignition temperature of the gas. The reaction chamber may also be configured to maintain a reaction temperature within the reaction chamber below a flameout temperature. In some embodiments, heat and product gases from the oxidation process can be used, for example, to drive a turbine, reciprocating engine, and injected back into the reaction chamber.

id-US8807989B2    abstract-Described herein are embodiments of systems and methods for oxidizing gases. In some embodiments, a reaction chamber is configured to receive a fuel gas and maintain the gas at a temperature within the reaction chamber that is above an autoignition temperature of the gas. The reaction chamber may also be configured to maintain a reaction temperature within the reaction chamber below a flameout temperature. In some embodiments, heat and product gases from the oxidation process can be used, for example, to drive a turbine, reciprocating engine, and injected back into the reaction chamber.

id-US9347664B2    abstract-Described herein are embodiments of systems and methods for oxidizing gases. In some embodiments, a reaction chamber is configured to receive a fuel gas and maintain the gas at a temperature within the reaction chamber that is above an autoignition temperature of the gas. The reaction chamber may also be configured to maintain a reaction temperature within the reaction chamber below a flameout temperature. In some embodiments, heat and product gases from the oxidation process can be used, for example, to drive a turbine, reciprocating engine, and injected back into the reaction chamber.

id-US9017618B2    abstract-Described herein are embodiments of systems and methods for oxidizing gases. In some embodiments, a reaction chamber is configured to receive a fuel gas and maintain the gas at a temperature within the reaction chamber that is above an autoignition temperature of the gas. The reaction chamber may also be configured to maintain a reaction temperature within the reaction chamber below a flameout temperature. In some embodiments, heat and product gases from the oxidation process can be used, for example, to drive a turbine, reciprocating engine, and injected back into the reaction chamber.

id-US9109837B2    abstract-A system for substance separation and energy recovery by thermal treatment is disclosed. The system includes a thermal treatment reactor, a circulation piping, a heat exchanger, a discharge pipeline, a latent heat recovering device, a gasifier, and a combustion furnace. The substance is fed into the thermal treatment reactor for heating the treated substance so as to produces a gaseous substance by evaporation or pyrolysis. The treated substance is separated into the gaseous substance circulating between the heat exchanger and the thermal treatment reactor and a residual substance being fed into the thermal treatment reactor. The increased gaseous substance, during the circulation process, is fed into a latent heat recovery device, wherein the gaseous substance exchanges heat with a cold fluid and condenses to release latent heat, forming a liquid condensed substance and a non-condensed substance.

id-US20130236845A1    abstract-Described herein are embodiments of systems and methods for oxidizing gases. In some embodiments, a reaction chamber is configured to receive a fuel gas and maintain the gas at a temperature within the reaction chamber that is above an autoignition temperature of the gas. The reaction chamber may also be configured to maintain a reaction temperature within the reaction chamber below a flameout temperature. In some embodiments, heat and product gases from the oxidation process can be used, for example, to drive a turbine, reciprocating engine, and injected back into the reaction chamber.

id-US20130236839A1    abstract-Described herein are embodiments of systems and methods for oxidizing gases. In some embodiments, a reaction chamber is configured to receive a fuel gas and maintain the gas at a temperature within the reaction chamber that is above an autoignition temperature of the gas. The reaction chamber may also be configured to maintain a reaction temperature within the reaction chamber below a flameout temperature. In some embodiments, heat and product gases from the oxidation process can be used, for example, to drive a turbine, reciprocating engine, and injected back into the reaction chamber.

id-US10627105B2    abstract-A ground supported single drum power boiler is described combining a refractory lined and insulated V-Cell floor; refractory lined and insulated combustion chamber; integrated fuel chutes configured to pre-dry wet solid fuel; top mounted fuel bin; internal chamber walls; configurable combustion air systems; and a back pass with after-burner ports and cross flow superheaters. The boiler can be configured in pre-assembled modules to minimize the field construction time and cost. An alternative embodiment is adaptable as a gasifier.

id-WO2013144438A1    abstract-The invention relates to a method for recovering heat from flue gas generated at a power plant or biomass-based plant, such as a pulp mill, and for concentrating a liquid at a multiple-effect evaporation plant having a plurality of evaporation effects, in which the heating medium and liquid flow counter-currently. Flue gas from a combustion device is directed through a channel into an indirect contact with a liquid to be concentrated, wherein the liquid is heated with heat from the flue gas in a flue gas cooler having at least one indirect heat exchange stage. The heated liquid is extracted from the flue gas cooler and flashed in at least one flashing stage so as to produce flash cooled liquid and flash vapor. The vapor is used as a heating medium in an evaporation stage or stages of the multiple-effect evaporation plant. The flash cooled liquid is circulated into the flue gas cooler.

id-EP2636951A1    abstract-The invention describes a combustion system for the flaring of waste gas. The system is comprising a combustion device (105), a heat exchanger (110) and a stack (115). The combustion device (105) is comprising a waste gas feed pipe (120), a support gas feed pipe (125), an air feed system (130), a mixing chamber (135) for mixing air with waste gas and/ or with support gas, and a gas permeable combustion surface (140) onto which the waste gas will be burnt after the premix has flown through it, thereby producing flue gas. The stack (115) connects the combustion device (105) to the heat exchanger (110), thereby creating flue gas flow from the combustion device (105) into the heat exchanger (110). The heat exchanger (110) comprises channels for the flue gas and for at least one fluid to be heated.      The invention also describes a method for use of such a combustion system.

id-US9726374B2    abstract-Described herein are embodiments of systems and methods for oxidizing gases. In some embodiments, a reaction chamber is configured to receive a fuel gas and maintain the gas at a temperature within the reaction chamber that is above an autoignition temperature of the gas. The reaction chamber may also be configured to maintain a reaction temperature within the reaction chamber below a flameout temperature. In some embodiments, heat and product gases from the oxidation process can be used, for example, to drive a turbine, reciprocating engine, and injected back into the reaction chamber.

id-WO2013146384A1    abstract-The facility is equipped with waste incinerator (1), superheater (2), dust collector (4), and chimney (5). . In addition, an exhaust gas detour line (12) that bypasses the latent heat recovery device (6) is provided to control the flow of exhaust gas supplied to the latent heat recovery device (6) (F1) and the flow of exhaust gas bypassing the latent heat recovery device (6) (F-F1) to discharge gas. Adjust the temperature of s to prevent the condensation of water vapor in the exhaust gas in the chimney (5).
id-WO2013157724A1    abstract-Invention FRDF renewables (selling pulverized solid fuel) state fishing supplies the row materials for the driving phase if irregular can respond 구조기능 new supplementary facilities to ensure the possible fossil fuel combustion device FIG can improve fuel transition allowing driver drives FRDF or fossil fuels and feature of boiler or the number of natural convection in part through the circulatory system to avoid disrupting custom features to Alternate source (s) FRDF power of steam, leiter, especially by advanced high-temperature prolong the residence time of gas inside the combustion chamber to heat arch hand, clog and downward displacement of the precipitation fluid improves the heating conditions of high temperature gas residence time of FRDF fever fast decomposition prolonged the rich combustion power steam about my your leiter. Conventional power steam, leiter are 0. 5 tons in the currency or, more than 5 tons of large power steam, leiter in fluid heating condition of high temperature gas according to the short residence time problems but this invention is high temperature gas residence time within the combustion chamber of the plate and fluid due to prolonged heating conditions can be fully satisfied results have been reached.
id-US20160281544A1    abstract-A method and system of processing animal waste is disclosed. In a particular embodiment, the method includes transferring animal waste to a gasifier to burn the animal waste, circulating water through a heat exchanger in a flue stack of the gasifier to generate heated water, and pumping the heated water to either an organic Rankine cycle system to generate electricity, a radiant heater, or any combination thereof. In addition, the method includes circulating the heated water through an evaporator of the organic Rankine cycle system to vaporize a refrigerant, and circulating the vaporized refrigerant from the evaporator, through a turbine to generate the electricity. Also, the method includes using a manure spreader to feed the animal waste to the gasifier at a varying feed rate that is based on contemporaneously calculating a British thermal units (BTU) of the animal waste being fed to the gasifier.

id-US20150308679A1    abstract-Integrated systems and processes are provided for drying and milling sludge and other natural waste using waste heat extracted from reheated gas through an air-air heat exchanger process. In one example, the sludge or natural waste may be dried into a powder using high-temperature gas to absorb moisture from the sludge, causing the high-temperature gas to become an at least partially saturated gas. The at least partially saturated gas may pass through a separator- scrubber cycle before a first portion is heated in an air-heater and then used to heat a second portion of the at least partially saturated gas in an air-air heat exchanger. The heat for the air-heater may be provided by a burner operable to burn the dried powder obtained from the sludge. The heated second portion of gas may be used to dry and mill the sludge and other natural waste.

id-WO2013166992A1    abstract-The utility model relates to a solid waste incinerator without flue gas emission. The incinerator furnace is a vertical structure, and a drying zone, a pyrolysis zone and a combustion zone are arranged successively from top to bottom, a group of fire pit is arranged inside the furnace, a group of spray guns are arranged in front of the combustion zone and on the left and right sides respectively, a block compressed solid waste manufacturing and output device is arranged outside the upper part of the furnace, and a boiler furnace and an induced draft fan are arranged at the top of the furnace. There is a group of spray guns on the side wall of the boiler furnace, and the output end of the induced draft fan is successively connected with a heat exchanger, a desulfurization device, a purification device, a CO2 separation device, and a gas mixer. The oxygen-rich gas output of the gas mixer is communicated with the four groups of spray guns. The incinerator furnace volume is small, but the solid waste processing capacity is large, the combustion speed is fast, the effect is good, can handle a variety of solid waste at the same time, energy saving and environmental protection, and achieve no smoke emission to the outside world, will not cause secondary pollution.
id-EP2855375B1    abstract-

id-EP2679659B1    abstract-

id-WO2013182604A3    abstract-A thermal material combustion plant (1) comprising a liquid water fraction, the plant comprising a combustion furnace (12), a first heat transport fluid circuit (13) supplied with heat from the furnace (12) at a first exchanger (31), a dryer (20) supplied with heat from a second heat transport fluid circuit (21) at a second exchanger (210), The material comprises a fraction of liquid water circulating in the dryer (20) to reduce its fraction of liquid water before being introduced into the heater (12), the installation being characterized in that it further comprises at least one fluid circuit to be heated (120, 40, 41, 13) and a circuit (22) for the circulation of vapour from the dryer (20) to at least one vapour condenser (23a, 23b, 23c, 23d), each at least one vapour condenser (23a, 23b, 23c, 23c, 23d) being in thermal exchange with a circuit of fluid to be heated (120, 40, 41, 13), the temperature of the fluid of the second circuit (21) at the inlet of the second exchanger (210) being greater than 100°C, the temperature of the said fluid to be heated of the circuit (120, 40, 41, 13) at the inlet of the vapour condenser (23a, 23b, 23c, 23d) being less than 80°C, the dryer (20) being configured so that the vapour has a dew point greater than 80°C. The invention further relates to a device for improving the performance of a thermal material combustion plant comprising a liquid water fraction.
id-US20140057221A1    abstract-A system for the thermal preparation of reclaimed road material containing PAHs, or of oil sludge having a loading station for pre-comminuted reclaimed road material or oil sludge, a rotary kiln in which the reclaimed road material or the oil sludge is burned, while oxidation air is fed in, a dust separator to which the flue gases produced in the rotary kiln are fed, an after-burner to which the flue gases leaving the dust separator are fed, and a filter to which the flue gases arising in the after-burning means are fed. These components are divided into a plurality of modules, each of which includes a weight and dimension such that each may individually be transported using conventional road transport means, in particular low loaders or heavy goods vehicles.

id-US20140041560A1    abstract-A method of creating and using a high-carbon spent pot lining (SPL) as a fuel, including delining the high-carbon spent pot lining from an electrolytic cell and combusting the SPL in a furnace.

id-US20140076212A1    abstract-An apparatus for treating a combustion product stream includes a burner assembly configured to support one or more flames, the burner assembly having at least a portion configured to be driven to or held at one or more first voltages. A collection surface is held at a voltage different than the one or more first voltages to attract particulates charged by the burner assembly.

id-WO2014064473A1    abstract-The invention comprises a boiler system which is fuelled by biochips and has a fuel store (1, 3), a fuel feeder (2, 4) connected to the fuel store (1, 3), a combustion unit (5) connected downstream of the fuel feeder (2, 4), a heat exchanger (6, 7) connected downstream of the combustion unit (5), an exhaust pipe (8, 9) connected downstream of the heat exchanger (6, 7), and pipelines (12) connecting the various units. The essence of the invention is that the boiler system has two separate fuel stores (1, 3), both of which have a dedicated fuel feeder (2, 4). The first fuel feeder (1 ) is designed for herbaceous and/or fine chip fuels, while the second fuel feeder (3) is designed for ligneous fuels. A further essence of the invention is that it has two different heat exchangers (6, 7) designed to support two separate functions. A further essence of the invention is that has a heightened fuel store (1, 3) which in a preferred embodiment has a legged (15) baseplate (16) and is bounded by sidewalls (17, 18, 19) and is also equipped with a dryer (5). Furthermore, combining the above, the essence of the invention is that the boiler system has two separate fuel stores (1, 3), both of which have a dedicated fuel feeder (2, 4), the first fuel feeder (2) being designed for herbaceous and/or fine chip fuels and the second fuel feeder (4) for ligneous fuels, and has two heat exchangers (6, 7) supporting two different functions, as well as, has a heightened first fuel store (1 ), and is also equipped with a dryer (10) with a heat pipes (14) located underneath the baseplate of the fuel store (1 ), and the inlet of the heat pipes (14) is connected to the exhaust pipes (8, 9) of the boiler system. Furthermore, the invention is a boiler system with a combustion unit (5) designed to enable the controlled recirculation of flue gases into its combustion chamber so that the temperature of the firebed can be controlled, and its grate has a mobile design.

id-WO2014068344A3    abstract-The present invention relates to the method and structural configuration for environmentally safe waste and biomass processing to increase the efficiency of energy and heat generation. In the structural configuration of the invention solid municipal and industrial waste as well as biomass are loaded and milled and afterwards they are subject to pyrolysis and gasification. The produced pyrolysis gas is cooled, cleaned and carbon dioxide is captured from it, pyrolysis gas is compressed and accumulated together with syngas and they are used for electric power and heat generation and this generated electric power and heat is supplied to external consumers. During pyrolysis and gasification, melting occurs and basalt-like slag is produced which is processed and used for production of a heat- insulation material or granulated slag, additional electric power is further generated from the heat occurred as a result of pyrolysis gas cooling. Carbon dioxide captured from exhaust gases occurred as a result of electric power and heat generation, is compressed and accumulated together with carbon dioxide recovered from pyrolysis gas, and after distribution and dosing, first, it is sent to plasma torches as plasma-forming gas, second, it is used for production of marketable products using carbon dioxide for external consumers, third, it is fed as a nutrient to cultivate algae; herewith, seed material is loaded and algae is cultivated using heat source and carbon dioxide and thus algae biodiesel and biomass production is provided. Produced biodiesel is cleaned, accumulated and used for generation of electric power and heat. Biomass extraction is returned to the beginning of the process, algae biomass and oil received as a result of liquid biofuel production are supplied to external consumers as marketable products. In addition, for the purpose of processing waste range expansion, coal dust is loaded simultaneously at the beginning of the process afterwards syngas is generated using heat then it is compressed and together with pyrolysis gas it is accumulated and used for generation of electric power and heat.

id-WO2014067588A1    abstract-Disclosed is an improved method for generating electric power from a chlorine-containing combustible stream comprising the steps of (a) plasma gasification to generate a hot chlorine-containing synthesis gas, (b) generating high pressure steam using heat from this hot synthesis gas, (c) removing chlorine from the synthesis gas to form a low-chlorine synthesis gas, (d) using this low CI synthesis gas as fuel in a gas turbine driving a first electric power generator, (e) using heat from the hot exhaust gasses from the gas turbine to superheat the high pressure steam from step (b), and (f) feeding the superheated steam to a steam turbine driving a second electric power generator.

