id-EP3303035B1    abstract-

id-US10065614B2    abstract-A system and method for variably controlling regenerative braking are provided. The system includes an imaging device that is configured to generate image information by photographing a front vehicle and a road situation and an accelerometer that is configured to sense acceleration of the front vehicle or a subject vehicle. A radar sensor is configured to sense a distance between the front vehicle and the subject vehicle. A vehicle controller is configured to recognize the acceleration of the front vehicle or the subject vehicle, the distance between the front vehicle and the subject vehicle, and whether a brake light of the front vehicle is turned on, to determine whether to actively decelerate the subject vehicle, and execute active deceleration.

id-WO2017007509A8    abstract-This invention relates to a kinetic energy recovery system under braking designed for use in any type of motor vehicle or towed vehicle to partially eliminate the need for a conventional hydraulic, pneumatic or electric conventional braking system and to recover the kinetic energy under braking for use in acceleration of the vehicle. The system includes motor hydro-pumps (A), connected to a hydraulic distributor (B), through solenoid valves (1) and a connector (210) and connected to a pneumohydraulic tank (D) by the same solenoid valves (1 ) and a connector (202). The tank (D) is connected with the distributor (B) by a connector (217), and with the pneumohydraulic cylinders (E and F), by the connectors (214, respectively 218). The distributor (B) communicates with the cylinder (E) by connector (213) and is also connected to the cylinder (F) by connector (216). A fluid-type equilibrator (G) is linked to the motor hydro-pumps (A) by connectors (204) and hydraulic accumulators ?(H), mounted on the motor hydro-pumps (A).

id-WO2017010900A1    abstract-The brake kinetic energy recovery system, according to the invention, consists of the motor hydraulic pumps (A and A 1 ) which are mounted on the wheels of the vehicle, a distributor (B), of the hydraulic tanks (C and D) in connection with the air tanks (40 and 46), a pneumohydraulic cylinder (E), an oil tank (24) connected to an air tank (26), the control thereof being performed by means of the distributors (3, 3') provided with the double circuit solenoid valves (18, 19) and of the solenoid valves (28 and 29), assemblies that are connected to each other by means of the lines (16, 17, 22, 23, 25, 27, 36 37, 39, 41, 42, 45, 48, 50, 51, 53, 54 and 55). The motor hydraulic pumps (A and A 1 ) consist of the rotors (1), the stators (2) and the distributors (3 and 3'), the latter being coupled together, the hydraulic connection between the distributors (3 and 3') and the stators (2) being performed by the lines (16 and 17). The stator (2) and the flange (13) are provided with the circular channels (g) in connection with some radial channels (h) which are coupled with a cross channel (i), whereas any leakage of oil between the stator (2) and the rotor (1) can be disposed through the exit channel (j).

id-US20170079088A1    abstract-An apparatus and a method for controlling a heating device in a motorized camera directing arrangement including a motor device is disclosed. The method comprising measuring a voltage over the motor device, measuring a current conducted at least to the motor device, measuring a temperature relating to the motorized camera directing arrangement, controlling power distributed to the heating device based on the measured temperature and on the measured current, and feeding power to the heating device independent of the measured temperature and the measured current in the event that the measuring of the voltage over the motor device indicates a voltage level higher than a predetermined threshold value.

id-US10688871B2    abstract-A regenerative braking control apparatus equipped on an electrically driven vehicle having road wheels and an electric motor for driving the road wheels for running. An operation unit is provided for the driver of the vehicle to select a magnitude of the braking force to be generated by the electric motor during regenerative braking. A determination unit determines, on the basis of conditions of the electrically driven vehicle, whether or not a selected braking force selected through the operation unit is acceptable. A notifier unit is constructed such that, in a case where the selected braking force is determined to be unacceptable by the determination unit, the notifier unit provides a corresponding notification to the driver.

id-US20170096153A1    abstract-A regenerative power-amount estimation device according to an embodiment includes a regenerative power-amount estimation model for each brake notch switching configured to include a transient response of an electric brake corresponding to a switching operation of a brake notch for each switching operation of the brake notch in an operation of railway vehicles. A regenerative power-amount estimation part is configured to estimate an expected amount of regenerative power acquired for a brake plan being temporal transition data of the brake notch, based on the regenerative power-amount estimation model for each brake notch switching.

id-WO2017084977A1    abstract-One aspect of the invention involves a way to modify the powertrain performance of a powered car, and at least one electric machine that can be used to drive it. The car should include brakes pressed by the driver to accelerate the vehicle. According to the relevant technology, the brake is found during a single load. During the load, the method is initially caused by the operation of the vehicle in charge mode and its voltage is lower compared to the setting of the subsequent switch. Used to detect when flying uphill the brakes are replaceable under control to enhance thermal insulation and after the propulsion is complete a large amount of spring reflection under the thrust produces a noticeable effect
id-WO2017082768A1    abstract-The method of control of the n axle trailer of the tractor is to determine the rotational speed of the wheels of the n axle trailer, which is transmitted to the control unit, which also receives signals from the braking system of the tractor, and to calculate the braking force for each of the wheels of the n axle trailer, which is transmitted to the braking transmission of the n axle trailer, in which the control action is formed and directed to the corresponding brakes of the n axle trailer. During braking, mechanical energy shall be stored on m axles of the n axle trailer, where m < n, while moving, the accumulated mechanical energy shall be controlled on m axles of the n axle trailer and the brakes of the n axle trailer shall be controlled to the current level of the accumulated mechanical energy. The control device of the tractor's n-axle trailer contains the control unit (8), the brake pedal sensor (11) of the tractor's brake pedal, the sensors 71-7n of the wheel speed of the n-axle trailer, the braking transmission of the 6 n-axle trailer, the input of which is connected to the tractor's brake system control device (14) and the output is connected to the braking mechanisms of the 5 1-5 n n-axle trailer. The device also contains m mechanical energy recuperators 9 1 -9 m fixed on m axes 3 1 -3 m n axle trailer, where m < n, mechanical energy recuperators charging indicator (15), mechanical energy recuperators discharge regulator (16), tractor wheel speed sensor (17), and controller (10).
id-US9506241B1    abstract-A building with rotating housings has a main structure and multiple housing units. The main structure has a structure body, a housing track extending spirally upward outside of the structure body, and a temporary track moveably mounted in the structure body. When changing positions of the housing units, braking devices of all the housing units are released temporarily to make the housing units slide down by gravity along the housing track for a distance of one housing unit, and the housing unit at the lowest position slides to the temporary track. Then the temporary track and said housing unit are moved upward. Finally the braking device of said housing unit is released temporarily to make said housing unit slide down to the housing track to be the highest housing unit. The housing units can change their positions, heights, and angles at regular or predetermined timeline.

