id-WO2012105933A1    abstract-The invention is a combination accumulator and reservoir which stores energy when the accumulator deforms from its original shape in response to the flow of a pressurized fluid from the reservoir. The stored energy is returned when the fluid flow is reversed and the accumulator discharges the fluid and returns to its original shape. At least one part of the novelty of the invention is that the accumulator and the fluid reservoir reside in the same housing such that the volume of each varies inversely. Accordingly, the invention is more compact and weighs less than conventional accumulators. Another feature of the invention is that fluid is located around the bladder accumulator to lubricate contact between the bladder and sides of the reservoir.

id-US8991942B2    abstract-A brake control apparatus for a vehicle provided with a regenerative braking system includes a hydraulic circuit where a first passage connects a master cylinder to a wheel cylinder. A second passage connects a discharge side of a pump to a first portion of the first passage. A third passage connects a suction side of the pump to a second portion of the first passage between the master cylinder and the first portion. A fourth passage connects the suction side of the pump to a third portion of the first passage between an inflow valve and the wheel cylinder. A reservoir is connected to the third passage and a portion of the fourth passage between an outflow valve and the suction side of the pump. A shut-off valve restricts brake fluid discharge through a discharge-side valve from the pump being driven.

id-US9221450B2    abstract-A method for operating a vehicle having an electric machine for driving the vehicle and a brake system. Electric energy can be recovered from a movement of the vehicle by the electric machine. In the method, a state of the brake system of the vehicle is determined, and an actuation of a brake pedal of the vehicle is detected. A brake pressure of the brake system and an energy recovery by the electric machine are adjusted dependent on the state of the brake system and the actuation of the brake pedal.

id-US20130062932A1    abstract-A brake control apparatus for a vehicle provided with a regenerative braking device, the brake control apparatus includes: a first brake circuit connecting a master cylinder configured to generate a brake hydraulic pressure by a brake operation of a driver, and a wheel cylinder to which the brake hydraulic pressure is applied; a booster configured to increase a pressure of a brake fluid within the master cylinder, and to transmit the pressurized brake fluid to the wheel cylinder through a second brake circuit connected with the first brake circuit; a third brake circuit bifurcated from the first brake circuit, and connected with the booster; a reservoir provided on the third brake circuit; and a recirculating device configured to recirculate the brake fluid stored in the reservoir, to the first brake circuit's side.

id-US9126501B2    abstract-An electric vehicle includes a regenerative brake and a mechanical brake. The vehicle also includes a wheel bearing unit and a load sensor associated with the wheel bearing unit. The load sensor is configured to detect a load that acts between a road surface and a tire along a direction in which the vehicle travels. The vehicle also includes a load-responsive regenerative brake limiter configured to reduce a braking torque generated by the regenerative brake when an output of the load sensor reaches a preset value. A maximally actuator may be configured to calculate a maximum possible regenerative braking torque for the regenerative brake based on a rotational frequency of a wheel and a state of charge of a battery unit and to actuate the regenerative brake at a maximum torque within that commanded range.

id-JP5892399B2    abstract-

