id-US20190089017A1    abstract-The present disclosure relates to a battery module that includes a housing having a first opening configured to receive one or more battery cells and an electrical component, a housing cover configured to be disposed over the first opening to enclose the one or more battery cells and the electrical component in the housing, a signal connector disposed within the housing and electrically coupled to the electrical component, where the signal connector is configured to be actuated from a first position to a second position, and a vent port in alignment with the signal connector such that the signal connector is accessible to a push device passing through the vent port to facilitate directing the signal connector into the second position and toward a second opening of the housing cover when the housing cover is disposed over the first opening.

id-WO2017164315A1    abstract-According to the first relationship f1, which is the relationship between the braking amount and the first differential pressure when the braking amount is within the range of the first braking amount and is increasing, and the braking amount is within the range of the first braking amount and is decreasing. The storage section 61 stores the relationship between the braking amount and the first differential pressure in a certain case, namely the second relationship f2. The first relationship f1 is the relationship between the first differential pressure as the braking amount increases, and the second relationship f2 is the relationship between the braking operation amount and the first differential pressure The relation is that the first differential pressure decreases as the amount of work decreases. The width of the first differential pressure decrease per unit of the brake operation amount in relation 2 f2 is larger than the width of the first differential pressure increase per unit of the brake operation amount in relation 1 f1 It is set up.
id-EP3444154A1    abstract-A braking force control method detects a wheel speed (w) of a vehicle (1), generates a holding braking force for holding the stopped state of the vehicle (1), regardless of whether or not a brake (3) is operated by a driver of the vehicle (1), when it is determined that the vehicle (1) has stopped, based on the wheel speed (w) detected in the state in which a braking force is applied to the vehicle (1), and delays the period in which the holding braking force is generated, in accordance with the friction coefficient of a road surface in the traveling path of the vehicle (1).

id-US20230090923A1    abstract-A vehicle control system may be provided for controlling adhesion of wheels to a route surface. The control system includes one or more processors configured to determine adhesion values representative of adhesion between the wheels of a vehicle and the route surface based on angular speeds of the wheels. An artificial intelligence neural network may generate a target slip value for the wheels that are coupled with at least two different axles of the vehicle by processing the adhesion values and modifying the target slip value to increase an average value of the adhesion values of the wheels. The one or more processors may control a torque applied to at least one of the axles based on the target slip value.

id-US10766470B2    abstract-This brake control device includes: an operation amount sensor which detects the brake operating member operation amount; front-wheel and rear-wheel actuators which generate braking force in front/rear wheels; front-wheel and rear-wheel sensors which detect the outputs of the front-wheel and rear-wheel actuators; and a controller which controls the front-wheel and rear-wheel actuators based on the operation amount and the outputs of the front and rear wheels. On the basis of the operation amount and/or the output of the rear wheels, the controller determines whether or not a long-term low-load state in which the friction member is continuously pressed against the rotary members of the rear wheels within a predetermined range over a long period of time is established. If so, the distribution ratio of the rear-wheel braking force to the total applied braking force is decreased compared to when a long-term low-load state is not determined to be established.

id-JP7141146B2    abstract-

id-US20190135135A1    abstract-Provided is an electric brake device that achieves improved responsiveness, cost reduction and also reduces the copper loss in an electric motor, thus reducing power consumption. The electric brake device includes a brake rotor ( 8 ), a friction member ( 9 ), a friction member actuator ( 6 ), an electric motor ( 4 ), a controller ( 2 ), a main power supply ( 3 ), and an auxiliary power supply ( 22 ). The auxiliary supply ( 22 ) is charged with regenerative power from the motor ( 4 ). The controller ( 2 ) includes a backflow power interruption ( 26 ) preventing the main supply ( 3 ) from being charged with the regenerative power from the motor ( 4 ), and an auxiliary power supply controller ( 24 ) causing the auxiliary supply ( 22 ) to supply running power to the motor ( 4 ) when powering the electric ( 4 ) is started in a state in which the regenerative power in the auxiliary supply ( 22 ) is greater than or equal to a set voltage.

id-US9764750B1    abstract-A control apparatus mounted on a railcar including a plurality of wheelsets includes: a torque basic value setting portion configured to set a basic value of torque applied to each of the plurality of wheelsets; an adhesion determining portion configured to determine whether or not each of the plurality of wheelsets adheres to a rail; and a torque correcting portion configured to correct the basic value of the torque to obtain a corrected value that is smaller than the basic value. The plurality of wheelsets includes one or more specific wheelsets and one or more general wheelsets other than the specific wheelsets. The torque correcting portion calculates the corrected value of the torque, applied to the general wheelset, in accordance with a first rule and calculates the corrected value of the torque, applied to the specific wheelset, in accordance with a second rule different from the first rule.

id-WO2018022003A1    abstract-A cycle includes a storage chamber, a compressor, a throttle valve, a compressor valve, and a chamber valve. The throttle valve includes a first port, a second port, a third port connectable to the first port, and a fourth port connectable to the second port. The compressor valve is between the compressor and the first port and between the compressor and the second port. The chamber valve is between the storage chamber and the third port and between the storage chamber and the fourth port.

id-US10246095B2    abstract-A regenerative braking control apparatus includes an interface unit configured to receive driving information of a vehicle; an object detection device configured to generate object information based on detecting an object outside the vehicle; and at least one processor. The at least one processor is configured to: determine whether to perform regenerative braking for the vehicle, based on the driving information and the object information; and provide at least one signal corresponding to a result of determining whether to perform the regenerative braking for the vehicle.

id-JP6485418B2    abstract-

id-JP2018034537A    abstract-[challenges] to suppress the noise and vibration generated during automatic braking control. The brake control device includes a master pressure change device that can change the master pressure without the operation of the brake pedal, a brake actuator that can control the brake pressure, and a control device for automatic braking control. In the first mode, the control device operates the brake actuator to obtain the target value of the brake pressure of the target wheel. In the second mode, the control device operates the master pressure change device so that the master pressure becomes the target value of the brake pressure, and changes the brake pressure of the target wheel in conjunction with the master pressure. The controller USES the first and second modes according to the type of automatic braking control. Selection diagram: figure 9
id-EP3514026B1    abstract-

