id-US8770352B2    abstract-Provided is a braking system which can enhance the power generation efficiency of a thermoelectric conversion element by efficiently recovering the heat generated during braking, or by increasing the temperature difference between a heat source and the thermoelectric conversion element. A brake pad body in a brake pad is provided with a thermoelectric conversion element. The thermoelectric conversion element includes an n-type semiconductor layer and a p-type semiconductor layer. The n-type semiconductor layer and the p-type semiconductor layer are provided in a recess formed in the back surface of the brake pad body.

id-JP2010259238A    abstract-[challenges] to provide a regenerative power management system that can further improve vehicle fuel efficiency by increasing the use efficiency of regenerative power in hybrid vehicles. The electrothermal/thermoelectric conversion element 710 generates electricity through a storage battery 250 stored by charging, a power conversion unit 400 that converts regenerative power to dc power, and an electrothermal/thermoelectric conversion element 710 that converts electricity based on the supply of dc power. A high temperature storage device 720 for dissipating the converted heat and a low temperature storage device 730 for absorbing the electrothermal converted heat. When the thermoelectric conversion function, which is the reverse conversion function of the electrothermal/thermoelectric conversion element 710, reduces the output voltage of the storage battery 250 compared to the voltage generated according to the temperature difference between the high-temperature storage device 720 and the low-temperature storage device 730, the electrothermal/thermoelectric conversion element 710 can be converted to a thermoelectric conversion element. Use 710's electromotive force to charge the battery 250. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2010139339A1    abstract-- Used in machines/trains/ships/busses/cars etc., through different Anergy circuits as liquid gas/fluid pumping or gas/steam/vapor compression circuits, which all: are placed in the cold-water tank (9), to produce cooling power to be able to absorb all surrounding possible thermal renewable energies, as surrounding temperatures, as air resistance/compression heat from the funnel (50) in vehicles, as solar heat and to be able to recover nearly all heat losses from its own Anergy circuits and to recovered the movement force while braking in amplified thermal energy, to be able to produce kinetic energy -electricity- with their flow engines (6) followed by a pressure reducing tube (3). - The movement force of vehicles is recovered while braking, as amplified heat in the cold-water tank (9).

id-US20120194142A1    abstract-Power generation efficiency is improved with a simple configuration. A braking device is provided with a brake rotor which rotates on a central axis, and friction portions which are in frictional contact with the brake rotor. A coil is wound around the outer peripheral portion of the brake rotor. A friction portion has the north pole of a magnet, and a friction portion has the south pole of a magnet. The braking device generates electricity by using an electromagnetic induction phenomenon and an electrostatic phenomenon that are caused by the interaction between the outer peripheral portion and the friction portion, for example, at the time of braking. As a result, the configuration can be simplified and the amount of power generation is not likely to be limited by a motor capability because there is very little need to use the motor as a generator. Furthermore, the friction energy itself converted from the kinetic energy of the brake rotor can be converted into electrical energy to suppress the friction energy from being lost as heat energy.

