id-US10675985B2    abstract-A fuel cell system mounted on a vehicle includes a drive motor generating a driving force and regenerative power; an auxiliary machine consuming the regenerative power; and a controller. The controller determines that the vehicle is in a first state when the vehicle has a negative vehicle speed, a move forward request is given to the vehicle and an accelerator pedal is depressed or when the vehicle has a positive vehicle speed, the move backward request is given to the vehicle and the accelerator pedal is depressed. When a predetermined first condition including a condition that the vehicle is in the first state is satisfied, the controller performs an auxiliary machine consumption process that causes the auxiliary machine to consume the regenerative power that includes a required power for the drive motor calculated by using a depression amount of the accelerator pedal.

id-US20190372426A1    abstract-The present invention is directed to a Cross-over Electro-Magnetic Engine system and method for making a Cross-over Electro-Magnetic Engine. More particularly, two types of Cross-over Electro-Magnetic Engine systems are disclosed having two types of electromagnetic generator mechanisms, a wheel drive power control box, a storage battery and/or capacitor, wheel gear drives connected to magnetic motors, an ignition module and an electric braking system with back-up mechanical brakes. Power from the cross-over electro-magnetic engine is transferred to the generator systems having rotating plates or counter-rotating plates, then transferred to the wheel drive power control box where it is sent to the magnetic motors to drive wheel gear drives for each wheel driven.

id-JP7146167B2    abstract-

id-EP3597463B1    abstract-

id-US20230182739A1    abstract-A method is provided for scheduling regenerative braking torque, comprising: sensing a position of an accelerator pedal; generating a torque request value in response to the sensed accelerator pedal position; determining a speed of operation of a motor/generator; determining a torque limit in response to the torque request value and the determined speed of the motor/generator; generating a regenerative braking command in response to the torque limit; and outputting the regenerative braking command to the motor/generator.

id-WO2020034556A1    abstract-Provided herein are systems and methods of automatic off-throttle regenerative braking in electric vehicles. One or more sensors disposed in an electric vehicle can acquire one or more sensor signals indicative of one or more respective driving parameters of the electric vehicle. A data processing system of the electric vehicle can determine, using the one or more sensor signals, one or more current driving conditions of the electric vehicle. The data processing system of the electric vehicle can determine, using the one or more current driving conditions, a future driving state indicative of an imminent future slowdown event. The data processing system of the electric vehicle can cause a regenerative braking system of the electric vehicle to apply regenerative braking, responsive to determining the future driving state.

id-JP2022500610A    abstract-The invention includes a brake assembly, which is a brake disk rotary engaged with the wheel of the vehicle, a brake pad frictional engaged with the brake disk when an actuator force is applied, a brake pad and a brake assembly An actuator having an output shaft driven in the forward and backward directions; With respect to the unit and the brake assembly.
id-JP2022511275A    abstract-The invention includes at least a first vehicle deceleration subsystem (3) that can be controlled to decelerate the vehicle (1); 5; 13) and a method of operating a vehicle (1) with a processing circuit (15) connected to it. According to the processing circuit (15), the first vehicle deceleration subsystem (3; 5; 13) represents at least one value of the current energy storage in the first vehicle deceleration subsystem (3; 5; 13) step S10 and the first vehicle deceleration subsystem (3) obtained by the processing circuit (15); 5; 13) at least one value that represents the current energy storage according to the first vehicle deceleration subsystem (3; 5; 13), and the first vehicle deceleration subsystem (3; 5; 13) determines the scale of the currently available deceleration energy capacity for the deceleration of the vehicle (1) based on a predetermined limit indicating the maximum allowable energy storage according to the step (S11). Select diagram: figure 3
id-US20200088061A1    abstract-A railroad powered energy cogeneration system and method comprising a plurality of air compressor hoses, a plurality of manifold pipelines, at least one manifold pipeline check valve, a pneumatic air filter, a pneumatic motor-generator set, and a pressure control valve, wherein the plurality of manifold pipelines is configured to connect each of the plurality of air compressor hoses attached to an inner side of each of the rails of an existing railroad system. The plurality of air compressor hoses produces compressed air when a train traverses over them. The at least one manifold pipeline check valve is configured to assure unidirectional air flow through the plurality of manifold pipelines. The pneumatic motor-generator set converts compressed air into electricity and the remaining compressed air is stored in the storage vault and/or other storage means described.

id-US20210339723A1    abstract-A vehicle control apparatus includes a first ECU electrically connected to a wheel speed sensor and a second ECU electrically connected to the wheel speed sensor.

id-EP3637582A1    abstract-An installation (20) for storing the electrical energy resulting from the braking of one or more railway vehicles (V1, V2) running on at least one railway track (14, 15), the installation (20) being intended to be installed outside the railway vehicle (V1, V2). The installation (20) includes :- a water electrolysis station (22) capable of utilising the electrical energy generated during braking of each railway vehicle (V1, V2);- a hydrogen storage device (24) formed by water electrolysis; And - a fuel cell (26) capable of generating electric current from the hydrogen stored in the hydrogen storage device (24).
id-EP3867111B1    abstract-

id-US10800415B2    abstract-Methods and systems are provided for electrically-assisted engine braking. In one example, a method may include operating a turbocharger by an electric motor during engine braking to increase air flow to an engine intake. The enhanced air flow into the engine intake increases an exhaust manifold pressure, thus increased a braking force provided by engine braking.

id-WO2020095202A1    abstract-Auxiliary energy regeneration system for motorvehicles (7) propelled by an electric, or electro-thermal hybrid propeller, equipped with MGU-K motor generator units (13), and possibly also of MGU-H units, characterised in that: Said auxiliary energy regeneration system consists of an aerogenerator system (A) arranged on said motorvehicle (7) in at least one dynamic air intake (8), or air duct, and comprising one or a group of wind turbines (1) electrically connected to one or a group of batteries (6) dedicated to the operation of said MGU- K unit (13), and possibly also of said MGU-H unit, wherein said aerogenerator system (A) is controlled by a control and electronic management unit (4) to actively cooperate in parallel with said MGU-K unit (13), and possibly also with said MGU-H unit, in order to reduce the charging time of the group of batteries (6), increasing the performance of the electric propeller or of the electro-thermal hybrid propeller of said motorvehicle (7).

id-US20220148766A1    abstract-A resistor includes an elongated cylindrical body having nodes and elongated members. The elongated members interconnect the nodes to form openings between the nodes and the elongated members for the flow therethrough of a cooling fluid. The body is configured to receive electric current from a powered system and to conduct and provide electric resistance to the electric current to dissipate at least part of the electric current as heat from the body. The body may be coupled with at least one other resistor of the powered system in one or more of a parallel or series arrangement in an electric circuit.

