id-US10737668B2    abstract-Disclosed are an electronic brake system and a control method thereof. The electronic brake system includes a first inner valve for transmitting hydraulic pressure to a first hydraulic circuit; a second inner valve for transmitting hydraulic pressure to a second hydraulic circuit; a first outer valve for discharging hydraulic pressure from the first hydraulic circuit; a second outer valve for discharging hydraulic pressure from the second hydraulic circuit; and an electronic control unit for generating a phase delay control signal for one inner valve when a current control signal is applied to the first inner valve and the second inner valve, and generating a phase delay control signal for one outer valve when a current control signal is applied to the first outer valve and the second outer valve.

id-US11332103B2    abstract-A braking device and method utilizing gyroscopic braking to provide an improved braking device and method for obtaining desired amount of continuous braking power without directly converting kinetic energy into thermal energy which helps in reducing global warming and environmental pollution.

id-US20180372171A1    abstract-Methods and systems are provided for an automatic, electric hub lock with a manual override capability. In one example, the electric hub lock may be actuated responsive to one or more of a manipulation of a manual dial proximate a vehicle wheel and an electronic control inside a passenger compartment. In another example, a method includes overriding the automatic control of the hub lock responsive to manual request for operating the vehicle in four-wheel drive mode.

id-JP2020529351A    abstract-The invention relates to a adjusting device for an electric utility vehicle (1) and a method for operating it. This utility vehicle drives the rear axle (3) with a adjusting device that adjusts the level of the front axle (2), at least two rear axles (3) and at least one of these rear axles (3) from the driveway (4). It has at least one electric motor and a battery (5), which supplies current to the electric motor. In order to charge the battery (5), the electric motor ACTS as a generator and is driven by the rear axle (3) in the regenerative operation, the adjusting device adjusts the level and load of the adjustable rear axle (3), so as to optimize the regeneration. It's done.
id-US10906516B2    abstract-Provided is a brake control system that can reduce use of a mechanical braking in a railway vehicle using an automatic train control (ATC). The present disclosure is a brake control system for a railway vehicle using an ATC. The brake control system includes: a main electric motor, a main conversion device, a brake controller, and an ATC device. The main electric motor generates a braking force by converting kinetic energy of a wheel of the railway vehicle to electrical energy. The main conversion device actuates the main electric motor. The brake controller outputs a braking signal to the main conversion device. The ATC device outputs a braking command to the brake controller based on the ATC. In addition, the ATC device outputs a preliminary braking signal for energizing the main electric motor prior to output of the braking command.

id-WO2019040488A1    abstract-Hybrid wayside energy recovery systems are described. The system includes a wayside energy transmission system coupled to a utility electrical grid and coupled to a traction power distribution network of a railway system on which rail vehicles operate. The wayside energy transmission system is configured to transmit energy recovered from the traction power distribution network to the utility electrical grid. The system includes a wayside storage system coupled to the railway system. The wayside energy storage system is configured to store energy recovered from the traction power distribution network. A controller is coupled to the traction power distribution network, the wayside energy transmission and to the wayside energy storage system. The controller is configured to receive positional information about a rail vehicle on the traction power distribution network and transfer at least a portion of energy recovered from the rail vehicle to either the wayside energy transmission system for transmission to the utility electrical grid or to the wayside storage system for storage based, in part, on the positional information about the rail vehicle.

id-US10857891B2    abstract-Provided are an electronic brake system and a method of controlling the same. The electronic brake system includes a pedal input unit configured to receive a pedal force according to a driver's braking intention, an estimating unit configured to estimate a temperature and a friction coefficient of a brake disk pad, and a control unit configured to correct a braking target pressure according to the driver's braking intention on the basis of the estimated temperature and friction coefficient of the brake disk pad.

id-JP2019059294A    abstract-[challenges] to provide a brake control device for vehicles with shorter dimensions in the longitudinal direction. [solution] the braking control device adjusts the front wheel fluid pressure in the front wheel cylinder of the vehicle and the rear wheel fluid pressure in the rear wheel cylinder according to the operation of the braking operation member. The braking control unit consists of "electric pump DC and solenoid valve UC, and the braking fluid discharged from the electric pump is adjusted by solenoid valve UC into the adjusting liquid pressure PC, and the adjusting liquid pressure PC is introduced into the cylinder of the rear wheel wheel YC". After the introduction of the master cylinder CM and the master piston PM, the master room Rm connected to the front wheel cylinder and the adjustable liquid pressure PC are added to the master piston PM by the master room Rm. The master unit YM consists of a servo room Rs' which applies a forward force Fa to the master piston PM opposite to the regression force Fb. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US11635115B2    abstract-Various brake pads with thermoelectric energy harvesters are disclosed. In some embodiments, the brake pad comprising a backplate, a pad of friction material, and a TEG module. The backplate can comprise a through-hole in which elements of the TEG module are positioned.

id-WO2019060925A1    abstract-A method and apparatus for constructing Re Wheel, a Recovering Energy Wheel, is disclosed. Kinetic energy of an automobile is transformed during the automobile's deceleration via a specially built and attached to it regenerative braking component into a potential energy. This energy is then re-applied for the future acceleration of the automobile, being transformed back into kinetic energy of the automobile. A combination of the two components, the original wheel and the regenerative braking mechanism attached to it, represent the new wheel - Re Wheel. The efficiency of the Re Wheel device is much higher than within other methods of regenerative braking, including those used within electrical automobiles, when electrical engine works in electrical generator mode. Re Wheel is also original in its utility, via its ability to be applied to all the automobiles, independent of their engine type, electrical or combustion engines, and their engine power source.

id-JP2020533540A    abstract-A brake pad (1) includes a back plate (2), a friction material pad (4), and at least one thermoelectric module (6). The back plate (2) is the n-doped semiconductor elements of at least the thermoelectric module (6). P-doped semiconductor elements are provided with at least one through-hole (3) in which the brake pad (1) is integrated. Select diagram: figure 8
id-US10532646B2    abstract-The present invention introduces a retrofit method of regenerative braking where no components of an automobile are to be replaced or removed and none of their functionality is modified. The recovering energy system is implemented as an additional, one piece, complete device, placed onto the existing automobile wheel's hub, and covered by the automobile's wheel. The system includes a housing, turbines, accumulators, and valves which act to both store and dispel energy as needed. This method of regenerative braking is therefore applicable to all the automobiles, independent or their power source, to newly built automobiles and those already on the road.

id-US10494989B2    abstract-An apparatus for improving efficiency of a turbocharger engine including a turbocharger configured of a turbine rotated by discharge force of exhaust gas transferred from an exhaust manifold, and a compressor rotated coaxially with the turbine to compress intake air applied to an engine is provided. The turbine includes a turbine housing and a turbine wheel. The apparatus includes an auxiliary wheel that is formed at one side of the turbine wheel and an air compressor rotated by being connected to a crankshaft of the engine to generate compressed air. A valve connects between the air compressor and an air tank to transfer the compressed air to the air tank, and transfers, when charging of the air tank is completed, the compressed air to the auxiliary wheel side to increase torque of the turbine wheel.

id-JP2019043480A    abstract-[the problem] to provide a braking device for vehicles that combines good response of pump motors with control of deterioration. In the period from the time point when the brake ECU60 starts to reduce the rotation number Nd of the pump motor M to the predetermined time after the brake 37, the vehicle braking device should be used for the pump 37, The reduction amount setting section 62, which sets the reduction amount of the number of rotations in the holding state of the control differential pressure or the reducing pressure state, is provided, so that the higher the likelihood that the discharge of brake fluid 47 is required, the smaller the reduction amount of the rotation number of the pump motor M will be. Select diagram: figure 4
id-US10730393B2    abstract-Methods and systems are provided for operating a hybrid vehicle during operating conditions where vehicle braking is requested. In one example, regenerative braking is allocated to vehicle axles responsive to wheel torques of respective vehicle axles in response to an anti-lock braking system being activated. Additionally, friction braking torque is allocated to vehicle axles responsive to the anti-lock braking system being activated.

id-EP3697639B1    abstract-

id-US20190118901A1    abstract-A brake device is configured to apply a braking force to a rotary body of a human-powered vehicle. The brake device includes a power transfer medium operated braking portion, a first actuator and a second actuator. The first actuator is operatively coupled to the power transfer medium operated braking portion by a power transfer medium. The second actuator is operatively coupled to the first actuator and operated by electric power in accordance with an input to an operating device.

id-US20200262407A1    abstract-A braking control device includes a first adjustment unit, a master unit, a regenerative coordination unit, a first opening/closing valve, a second opening/closing valve, a reaction force hydraulic pressure sensor, an input hydraulic pressure sensor, a controller. The master unit includes a master cylinder and a master piston, a master chamber, a servo chamber, and a reaction force chamber. The regenerative coordination unit includes an input piston. The first opening/closing valve provided in a first fluid passage. The second opening/closing valve provided in a second fluid passage. The reaction force hydraulic pressure sensor detects a pressure in the reaction force chamber. The input hydraulic pressure sensor detects a pressure in the input cylinder. The controller determines, based on the reaction force hydraulic pressure and the input hydraulic pressure, suitability of at least one of the master unit, the regenerative coordination unit, the first opening/closing valve, and the second opening/closing valve.

id-US10513186B1    abstract-The in-wheel electric motor system with an increased electromagnetic flux and energy recovery brake provides electromagnetic flux with optimal characteristics of starting torque and peak power in all modes of motor operating. It becomes possible because the stator of the electric motor consists of windings with a “star” connection and windings with a “wye” connection in such a way that electromagnetic fields of these windings are summed and the number of phases of the motor is more than a standard motor that has one type of winding.

id-US10821948B2    abstract-A vehicle includes a user-actuatable switch and a controller. When the switch is actuated, the controller is adapted to effect a regenerative braking command to actuate a regenerative brake system when a vehicle speed is above a threshold speed, and to effect a parking brake command to actuate an electric park brake when the vehicle speed is less than or equal to the threshold speed.

id-WO2019086122A1    abstract-The device generates energy for Scheibenbremse(1) cars, and a and Scheibenbremse program generates and stores energy, in particular in Nutzfahrzeuge (2) aufweisend Bremssattel (3). Bremsscheibe spreads while in Bremstrager (5) fixing Zuspanneinrichtung(6) is taut zuspannseitigen Bremsbelages Bremsscheibe (7), Kit (6) has a pressure transmission device (13), the device (14) is connected with the pressure transmission device (13) to regulate ventilation.
