id-JP2022109066A    abstract-[challenges] to provide a vehicle control device that can prevent drivers from feeling uncomfortable when the braking light is on. [solution] the braking force generated in the vehicle 1 is determined according to the driving motor 3 that can output the regenerative torque, the meter 2 that displays the braking force generated in the vehicle 1, and the braking force generated in the vehicle 1. Eu5 controls the lighting or extinguishing of the stopping light 4 according to the above, and displays the stopping force generated by the vehicle 1 on the meter 2 in a way that can judge the lighting status of the stopping light 4. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20220281322A1    abstract-A braking system is configured to perform one or more of cooperative braking or a combination of regenerative braking and hydraulic braking. The system includes a master cylinder, a reaction disc made of an elastic material and configured to compress the master cylinder, a rod assembly including an operating rod, an elastomer fixing unit, and an elastomer whose one end abuts a part of the operating rod and the other end abuts the elastomer fixing unit, an electric booster including a motor piston configured to compress a part of the reaction disc, for compressing the master cylinder by adjusting a displacement of the motor piston, and an electric controller configured to control the electric booster and perform control to brake the vehicle by using one or more of the regenerative braking and the hydraulic braking.

id-JP2022134763A    abstract-[challenges] in a vehicle brake system, when the voltage of the power supply drops during the driver support control, it is possible to reduce the power consumption and control the hydraulic supply device. [solution] in the brake system for vehicles, when the voltage of the power supply decreases during the driver support control, the solenoid valve of at least one of the multiple solenoid valves included in the hydraulic supply device starts to supply current greater than 0. Let it be 0. As a result, it is possible to reduce power consumption and control the liquid pressure supply device. In addition, since it is possible to control the hydraulic supply device, the hydraulic brake can be activated without the driver having to operate the brake operating member, and the vehicle can be stopped. Select diagram: figure 6
id-WO2022208527A1    abstract-A Braking system for a vehicle A braking system and a method for braking in a vehicle is disclosed. The braking system includes a brake module, and an electronic control unit communicatively connected to the brake module. The electronic control unit is configured to activate the brake module only in a true braking event determined based on said one or more vehicle parameters. The braking system and the method provide high accuracy in braking events, high performance, comfort and improved braking ability to the rider while riding the vehicle.

id-WO2022211152A1    abstract-본 invention electric cars braking operation system, more detail about brake rigging by the ministry of mechanical braking and revitalize 전식 braking energy with wealth so that they can operate easy and rapid to recharge by 전식 braking operation of possible configurations of devices, simple and inexpensive, and shortens the braking distance sliding with soft without braking, and facilitate the It is about an electric vehicle braking operation system that allows the operation of the rechargeable braking unit to be controlled by rotating the brake operation unit so that the operation control of the rechargeable braking unit can be easily controlled.
id-WO2022195466A1    abstract-One aspect of the invention relates to a switching device (16) for a switchable braking system (1) comprises a hydraulic selector valve (21) switchable to a first switching position and a second switching position, a switching actuation device (28), electrically triggerable, for switching the hydraulic selector valve (21) from the first switching position to the second switching position, wherein the switching device (16) comprises at least one of: • i) a switching preservation system (29), which stops the hydraulic selector valve (21) in the second switching position by means of a non-electromagnetic stopping force, chosen from the group consisting of fluid-mechanical forces, elastic forces, mechanical forces, permanent magnetic forces, OR • ii) an amplification system (30) comprising: • - a non-electrical accumulator of potential energy (31), and • - a switchable connector (32) to disconnect and connect the potential energy accumulator (31) with the hydraulic selector valve (21), wherein an actuator (33) applies an actuating force to the switchable connector (32) to connect the potential energy accumulator (31) to the hydraulic selector valve (21), wherein said actuating force is less than a switching force applied by the potential energy accumulator (31) onto the hydraulic selector valve (21) to switch it and maintain it in the second switching position. Other aspects of the invention relate to a braking system (1) and to a brake-by-wire module (56).

id-US20220281326A1    abstract-A speed-command generating unit incorporated with an electric vehicle having a throttle module, a mechanical brake and a motor is disclosed and includes: a computation module for generating a computation value of a speed-command according to a throttle operating signal from the throttle module, a sensing module for detecting an activated status of the mechanical brake, a selecting module for providing a braking approach selecting signal, a trimming module for setting a trimming flag according to the activated status of the mechanical brake of last cycle, and a switching module connected therewith. The switching module generates different output values of the speed-command for the motor according to different foundations depending on the content of the trimming flag when the mechanical brake is inactivated in this cycle, and generates the output value according to the content of the braking approach selecting signal when the mechanical brake is activated in this cycle.

id-WO2022194357A1    abstract-A vehicle unit (110, 120) comprising a vehicle control unit, VCU, (130, 140) an electrical energy storage system (EESS), (135, 150), and at least one electric machine (136, 160, 170, 180) arranged for regenerative braking, wherein the electric machine generates an electrical output current during regenerative braking, wherein the control unit (130, 140) is arranged to obtain a desired energy absorption capability value of the vehicle unit (110, 120) and to control an energy dissipation from the EESS (135, 150) to maintain an energy absorption capability of the EESS (135, 150) above the desired energy absorption capability value.

id-US20220289043A1    abstract-A method is provided for controlling regenerative braking for a vehicle having a propulsion system, a motor, a transmission, and a clutch selectively coupling the motor to the transmission. The method includes estimating a future time at which the clutch disengages from the transmission. A rotational speed at which the clutch disengages from the transmission is calculated based on an idle speed of the propulsion system. A difference between a speed of the motor and the clutch disengage speed is monitored. A ramp down of regenerative torque on the motor is initiated when the difference is below a predetermined value and before the future clutch disengage time elapses.

id-US20220305918A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a braking system for a vehicle at least partially propelled by an electric traction motor, the braking system comprising an electric machine electrically connected to an electric source; an air flow producing unit mechanically connected to, and operated by, the electric machine; and an electrical brake resistor arrangement positioned in fluid communication between the air flow producing unit and an ambient environment, the electrical brake resistor arrangement being electrically connected to the electric source and arranged to heat air supplied from the air flow producing unit by electrical power received from the electric source, and to supply heated air to the ambient environment.

id-US20220348087A1    abstract-Braking of a vehicle and a trailer can be balanced when regenerative braking of the vehicle is activated. The activation of regenerative braking of the vehicle can be detected. Responsive to detecting that regenerative braking of the vehicle is activated, one or more brakes of the trailer can be caused to be activated. Thus, the braking effectiveness of the vehicle and the braking effectiveness of the trailer can be substantially balanced. As a result, a possible push force from a trailer to the vehicle towing the trailer can be reduced, which, in turn, can help to avoid unwanted movements of the trailer (e.g., swaying or jackknifing).

id-US20220314814A1    abstract-A vehicle brake system including a regenerative cooperative control device configured to control a regenerative brake device that applies a regenerative braking force to one of front and rear wheels and/or a friction brake device that applies a friction braking force to the front and rear wheels. After the regenerative braking force reaches an allowable regenerative braking force, the friction braking force applied to the other of the front and rear wheels is increased by the friction brake device up to a first friction braking force less than a braking force on an actual braking-force distribution line determined by the regenerative braking force at a time when it reaches the allowable regenerative braking force, and the friction braking forces applied to the one and the other of the front and rear wheels are subsequently increased so as to bring the friction braking forces close to the actual braking-force distribution line.

id-US20220379733A1    abstract-The disclosure relates to a method for operating a hydraulic braking system for a motor vehicle with an electrified drive train. The braking system comprises a brake booster. First, a braking request is registered and it is determined that the braking request is to be met by pure recuperative braking. In addition, an input member of the brake booster is shifted in the direction of a pressure generation unit so that it assumes an actuation position corresponding to the braking request. From here, the input member is then shifted back from the actuation position in a direction away from the pressure generation unit for hydraulic pressure relief. A control unit designed to carry out such a method is also disclosed. A braking system comprising such a control unit is also presented.

id-WO2022243079A1    abstract-About the invention, or use of Betriebsbremssystem(4) with electric secondary propulsion system(2). Responsible for new ways to utilize Synergieeffekten Betriebsbremssystem(4) and foot on the secondary propulsion system(2) the interaction of the car finds two systems Bauraum, weight and cost reduction, the erfindungsgemaß judgment, the Betriebsbremssystem (4) Generating an uncontrollable electric pump (41) means using the slowing pressure (43) generated by the crushing device to decompress the brake and using the brake (43) to have a controllable force, by combining the electronic switching pump (4) of the working propulsion system with the power propulsion system (4) to design a parallel pump (41) to operate, For fluid circulation in a condenser (23).
id-WO2022248090A1    abstract-The invention relates to a memory device (10) containing the first requirement 1. They actually use the storage box (10) to adjust the pressure brake by using the storage handle of the electronic governor of water regulation. Especially in electric antreibbaren cars this Druckmittelspeicher Bremsvorgang is used every time. This means minimising the awareness of dural storage, as this promotes the reattachment reaction of braking energy, friction between soil filter tubes (10), friction of the built-in plate, If the proposal for this purpose and a Speicherkolben Speicherkolbenvorrichtung (10) (12) in a first Schaftabschnitts (18) a first scale the first Fuhrungsring (14 a). Which Kolbenschaft(18) is imprisoned, which is a larger second Schaftabschnitt radial in Außenabmessungen cannot be robbed (Kolbenschafts 18b) (18).
id-US20210354566A1    abstract-A railway-vehicles scalable tractive power system, integrated into all-wheel steering and braking systems to leverage synergies between plurality of differently designed electric traction-motors, electric steering motors and electric brake calipers; configured with plurality of sensors to eliminate wheel-dragging at virtually 100% dynamic efficiency. A fully automated electronic clutch-system attached to selected electric traction motors configured to perform above 90% traction efficiency by coupling to wheels selected electric traction-motors in their high efficiency range of operation, or de-coupling and replacing electric traction-motors with another electric traction-motors while the vehicle is changing speed or when it requires higher or lower tractive-power, from forward-motion start to top-rated speed. A holistic controller is configured with multi-objective optimization design (MOOD) procedures; measures complex variable parameters and values, finds the required trade-off among design objectives, and improves pertinence of solutions. Plurality of electronic-couplers is monitoring changing distance between wagons, whereas the controller is maintaining optimal ‘free-slack’ between wagons to prevent ‘run-in’ and ‘run-out’ scenarios with precise maneuverability between electric traction-motors actuation and electric brake-calipers actuation.

id-WO2022266233A1    abstract-Systems, apparatuses, and methods for controlling a transmission and other vehicle systems and components based on operation of an auxiliary braking system for a vehicle are disclosed. A controller for a vehicle includes a processing circuit having at least one memory device coupled to at least one processor, the at least one memory device is configured to store instructions thereon that, when executed by the at least one processors, cause the at least one processor to: receive data regarding operation of an auxiliary brake system of the vehicle; determine an auxiliary brake fault condition based on the received data regarding operation of the auxiliary brake system; determine that the vehicle is on or is about to experience a negative road grade; determine a vehicle speed is greater than a requested vehicle speed for the negative road grade; and control a transmission to downshift at least two settings relative to a current transmission setting.

id-WO2023277757A1    abstract-A control device (100) and a method for controlling traveling speed of a vehicle (1) for the purpose of maintaining a vehicle speed equal to or lower than a pre‐set downhill speed (vdh-set). The method comprises simulating a vehicle speed profile for an upcoming road section if braking at a pre- identified power level (P1, P2, P3) would currently be requested, thereby obtaining a predicted maximum vehicle speed (vP1,max, vP2,max, vP3,max) and a predicted time until a vehicle speed equal to or within a pre-selected interval (Idh) of the pre‐set downhill speed is reached. The method further comprises, if the predicted maximum vehicle speed is equal to or below the pre-set downhill speed (vdh-set) and the predicted time is below a preselected threshold time limit, requesting braking at the pre-identified power level or at an adjusted power level.

id-US20230001897A1    abstract-A towing device operably provided on a trailer for powering and controlling the trailer. The towing device has an actuator operably connected with the trailer during a towing operation. The towing device also has at least one switch provided in the actuator and operable to variably control at least one motor/generator provided on the trailer. The at least one switch is also operable to send a first signal to the at least one motor/generator via a first force exerted on the actuator by a vehicle, and wherein a first torque is applied to at least one wheel on the trailer via the at least one motor/generator being operably engaged with the at least one wheel. In addition, the towing device may include a controller operably connected to the at least one switch and to the at least one motor/generator, to control the torque applied by the at least one motor/generator.

id-EP4112337A1    abstract-In an Antriebs and for the brake system Zugfahrzeug ankuppelbaren Fahrzeuganhanger with electric Antriebs Bremseinrichtung(6) pointed out the electronic Antriebs Bremseinrichtung (6) Positionserfassungseinrichtung (29) as one of the biggest direct or indirect record relative Zugstangenfuhrung Zugstange Ausziehposition (13) (14) (2) the switching. Both managed (10)Antriebs and Rekuperationsleistung companies/Generators(7) in expressing support for the highest degree of dependence Ausziehposition Zugstange(13) and Drehbewegungs Beschleunigungssignalen reorganizes and provides sensors which Anhangerrader Drehbewegung(5) and Langsbeschleunigung Fahrzeuganhangers capture.
id-US20230001928A1    abstract-A regenerative braking control system and a regenerative braking control method using a paddle shift of a hybrid vehicle, include a paddle switch including a first paddle shift for a down shift and a second paddle shift for an up shift, a first controller electrically connected to the paddle switch and configured to determine a deceleration control amount of regenerative braking for stopping the vehicle as a hold operation of the first paddle shift is input, and a second controller electrically connected to the first controller and configured to control a motor torque for the regenerative braking according to the deceleration control amount determined from the first controller and to control hydraulic braking of the vehicle to be executed when reaching a stop state of the vehicle.

id-WO2022253445A1    abstract-The present invention relates to an energy management system, comprising an electric machine electrically connected to an electric source, an air compressor arranged in an air flow channel of the thermal management system, the air compressor being configured to receive and pressurize air, wherein the air compressor is mechanically connected to, and operable by, the electric machine, an air heating arrangement positioned in the air flow channel in fluid communication with the air compressor, wherein the air heating arrangement is arranged to heat air present in the air flow channel, and a flow injecting arrangement positioned downstream the air compressor in the air flow channel, wherein the flow injecting arrangement comprises a portion configured to admit a flow of fluid into the flow of air exhausted from the air compressor.

id-US20220355671A1    abstract-A braking system that uses a combination of a friction brake force and a traction motor brake force to slow or stop the rotation of the wheel. A friction brake may provide the friction brake force. A traction motor may provide the traction motor brake force. The braking system may include sensors that provide data for determining a wheel lock threshold for each wheel. The friction brake force and the traction motor brake force may be adjusted for each wheel to provide an applied brake force to the wheel that is less than or equal to the wheel lock threshold.

id-US20230009011A1    abstract-A brake system includes a stroke detector configured to detect a stroke of a brake pedal and to output a signal; a first controller configured to generate ON/OFF signals for a brake lamp based on the signal from the stroke detector; and a second controller including a switch configured to receive the ON/OFF signals and control ON/OFF of the brake lamp, in which the first controller and the switch are directly connected to each other.

id-US20230064359A1    abstract-An electronic control device is configured to control at least one electromagnetic valve mounted on a vehicle. The electronic control device includes a regenerative current detector configured to detect a regenerative current circulating through the at least one electromagnetic valve immediately after power supply to the at least one electromagnetic valve is stopped. The electronic control device further includes a regenerative current singularity detector configured to detect a regenerative current singularity that is a singularity in a temporal change of the regenerative current. The electronic control device further includes a regenerative current failure detector configured to detect a stuck failure of the at least one electromagnetic valve based on a detection result of the regenerative current singularity detector.

id-WO2023039631A1    abstract-A device for recovering energy from a rotating vehicle wheel, comprising: a hub assembly coupled to the wheel and having spaced apart and interlocked outer and inner discs between which a static magnetic field is created; and a stator coil disposed coaxial to the hub assembly and extending within the air gap between the outer and inner discs, the stator coil being fixed relative to the hub, wherein rotation of the hub generates an electrical current in the coil.

id-US20230102528A1    abstract-A vehicle energy management system connectable to a vehicle and configured to control a valve arrangement to deliver a flow of pressurized air to a heat receiving structure when the vehicle is operated in a vehicle braking mode and a temperature level of the heat receiving structure is below a maximum limit of a predetermined temperature range.

id-US20230073697A1    abstract-A one-way clutch regenerative braking system includes a sleeve which is arranged on an outer circumference of a hub and moved in an axial direction, a clutch gear which is arranged on a side of the hub and meshed with the sleeve, and a one-way clutch which is arranged on an inner circumference of the hub and rotated in a first direction, wherein, when the sleeve and the clutch gear are meshed with each other, the clutch gear is rotated in a second direction which is opposite to a rotational direction of the one-way clutch.

id-EP4173912A1    abstract-The disclosure relates to a method for determining a starting condition for cleaning a brake disk. A first step (S1) of this method determines that an amount of rust on the brake disk exceeds a predefined threshold. Additionally, an energy quantity being necessary for removing the amount of rust from the brake disk is determined (S2). In a further step (S3), a distribution of brake energy over a current drive is estimated by using at least one parameter describing historic driving behavior and at least one parameter characterizing the current drive cycle. Subsequently, a starting speed and a starting brake force request is derived (S4). Additionally, a method for cleaning a brake disk is presented which comprises the determination of a starting condition for cleaning the brake disk by the method mentioned before. Moreover, a data processing device comprising means for carrying out said methods is explained.

id-EP4163163A1    abstract-The present disclosure relates to an energy storage tank (10) defining a tank volume for said heat transfer fluid, and comprising a partition (12) dividing said tank volume into a first volume (V1) and a second volume (V2), wherein said partition (12) is movable to/from any position between a minimum energy storage position corresponding to a minimum second volume (V2), and a maximum energy storage position corresponding to a maximum second volume (V2), said energy storage tank further comprising a biasing device (18) being arranged such that movement of the partition (12) away from said minimum energy storage position corresponds to storing energy in said biasing device (18), and movement towards the minimum energy storage position corresponds to releasing energy from said biasing device (18); said energy storage system further comprising a heat transfer fluid duct (20) connecting said first volume (V1) and said second volume (V2), and a heat transfer arrangement (40) arranged for altering the temperature of the transfer fluid from a first temperature when in the first volume (V1) to a second temperature when in the second volume (V2), and said energy storage system (100) further comprising a fluid control assembly (30) for providing a pressure implying a flow of said heat transfer fluid from said first volume (V1) to said second volume (V2) via said heat transfer fluid duct (20).

id-WO2023086357A2    abstract-A controller for a trailer is disclosed. An example trailer controller assembly includes a force transducer that measures a force between a trailer and a towing vehicle connected to the trailer indicative of a difference in speeds between the trailer and the towing vehicle, and a controller communicatively coupled to the force transducer. The controller includes a brake controller that controls brakes of the trailer based on an input signal from the force sensor.

