id-US8812202B2    abstract-A drive controller of an operating machine configured to drive a structure by a hydraulic motor and an electric motor includes: a remote control valve configured to determine the operation amount of the structure; an electric motor torque calculation portion configured to calculate torque of the electric motor; a hydraulic motor torque calculation portion configured to calculate torque of the hydraulic motor; a controller configured to transmit an opening position control signal to the control valve based on the operation amount determined by the remote control valve such that torque necessary to drive the structure is obtained from the torque of the electric motor and the torque of the hydraulic motor; and solenoid-operated reducing valves and each configured to reduce a pilot pressure, to be applied to the control valve, based on the opening position control signal output from the controller.
id-DE102010005804A1    abstract-Hydraulische Schaltungsanordnung, umfassend mindestens einen Hydraulikzylinder zum Heben und Senken einer Last, und mindestens ein Hauptsteuerventil, mit dem zum Ausfahren des Hydraulikzylinders die Kolbenseite des Hydraulikzylinders über eine Kolbenleitung mit einer mit einem Hydraulikflüssigkeitsreservoir in Verbindung stehenden Pumpe und die Stangenseite des Hydraulikzylinders über eine Stangenleitung mit einem Tank verbindbar ist, und mit dem zum Einfahren des Hydraulikzylinders die Verbindung zwischen der Kolbenseite des Hydraulikzylinders und der Pumpe sowie die Verbindung zwischen der Stangenseite des Hydraulikzylinders und dem Tank trennbar ist, dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass von der Kolbenleitung eine mit mindestens einem unter einem Vorspannungsdruck stehenden Speicher für Hydraulikflüssigkeit verbindbare Speicherleitung abzweigt, wobei in der Speicherleitung bei einer Verbindung mit einem Speicher der Vorspannungsdruck dieses Speichers wirken kann, dass in der Speicherleitung ein 2-Wegestromregler angeordnet ist, der bei einem Einfahren des Hydraulikzylinders eine Verbindung zwischen der Kolbenleitung und dem mindestens einen Speicher durch die Speicherleitung herstellt, so dass aus der Kolbenseite abfließende Hydraulikflüssigkeit in den mindestens einen Speicher abfließen kann, und der bei einem Ausfahren des Hydraulikzylinders die Verbindung zwischen der Kolbenleitung und dem mindestens einen Speicher trennt, und dass bei einer Verbindung der Kolbenleitung mit dem mindestens einen Speicher die Speicherleitung stromab des 2-Wegestromreglers mit mindestens einer mit einem Hydraulikmotor verbundenen Motorleitung verbunden wird.
id-US9228323B2    abstract-A control system for construction machine includes a main pump; a circuit system which includes a plurality of operation valves; a boom cylinder which is connected to a specific valve; one passage which allows communication between the specific operation valve and a piston-side chamber; another passage which allows communication between the specific operation valve and a rod-side chamber; a hydraulic motor which rotates by the action of return oil from the piston-side chamber; a generator; and a valve mechanism which is provided in the one passage communicating with the piston-side chamber of the boom cylinder, introduces the return oil from the piston-side at the time of descent as a regeneration flow to the hydraulic motor and introduces the return oil as a recovery flow to the rod-side chamber if necessary by causing the return oil to flow into the other passage.
id-US8606452B2    abstract-A controller determines whether or not the storage amount of a battery is below a threshold, and reduces an assist output of a sub-pump by controlling an assist control mechanism based on an assist correction coefficient, increases the discharge amount of a main pump by controlling an engine controller based on an engine rotation speed correction coefficient and increasing the rotation speed of an engine, and increases an output of the main pump by increasing the rotation speed of the engine by as much as a reduction in the assist output of the sub-pump.
id-EP2540917B1    abstract-
id-JP5350292B2    abstract-
id-CN102639882B    abstract-本发明提供一种混合动力建设机械的控制装置。在设置有多个操作阀的第1、第2回路系统中的至少一个回路系统上设置再生切换阀，该再生切换阀在常态位置连通中立流路和罐，在切换位置切断中立流路和罐之间的连通而使该中立流路连通于发电用液压马达。
id-US9200430B2    abstract-A control system for hybrid construction machine includes an engine, a main pump to be driven by the engine, a rotary shaft linking an assist pump, a regenerative hydraulic motor and a motor generator, and a clutch for linking the engine and the rotary shaft.
id-JP5453522B2    abstract-
id-WO2011133072A1    abstract-The invention relates to a start/stop arrangement in a fluid system comprising a controllable pump unit (11) for supplying fluid pressure to at least one implement; a prime mover (14) connected to a transmission device arranged to drive the pump unit (11); wherein the pump unit (11) is installed on an outgoing power take off and is arranged to supply fluid pressure to the implement fluid system, that the pump unit (11) is arranged accumulate fluid pressure in the accumulator. The fluid system further comprises a controllable motor unit (12) connected to a fluid accumulator (17); that fluid pressure from the accumulator (17) is arranged to drive the motor unit (12); and that the motor unit (12) is connected to the prime mover (14) by an overrun clutch, wherein the motor unit (12) is arranged to supply torque to and start the prime mover (14) when at least one predetermined condition is fulfilled. The invention further relates to a method for controlling the start/stop arrangement.
id-US8453762B2    abstract-Methods and systems for storing kinetic energy in a fluid-base power circuit. A regenerative control valve manifold diverts fluid flow from a hydraulic device performing a first operation into an accumulator. The accumulator stores a fluid volume sufficient to perform a second operation. The regenerative control valve manifold connects the accumulator to the power circuit providing a fluid flow and charge pressure sufficient to perform the second operation.
id-US10574088B2    abstract-An energy storage and regeneration system that converts irregular, non-constant, and variable input power to regular, constant, and controlled output power using hydraulics whereby the irregular input power is used to pump hydraulic fluid into an accumulator array where it is stored pressurized. Energy is released in a controlled fashion using a hydraulic motor operated by the pressurized hydraulic fluid from the accumulator array, in accordance with the specified power demand. One or more power units may be deployed depending on the amount of energy required at the output. Each power unit includes a hydraulic motor and associated floating accumulator whose internal pressure is controlled to maintain a substantially constant pressure differential across its associated motor. The system can be integrated into various energy system sources including renewable energy such as wind, PV or thermal solar, wave, tidal, etc.
id-CN102241379B    abstract-节能型行走式液压搬运机械，是在行走式液压搬运机械频繁地举升、放降和制动、起动过程中，利用添加的液压元件并借助搬运机械原有液压系统，将重物放降前的势能和车辆制动前的动能，部分转换成流体的压力能并储存到液压蓄能器中，并用于下次举升重物和起动车辆，使消耗动力获得的机械能(势能和动能)部分得到再生，以降低驱动油泵和起动车辆的动力机械的负荷和功率，使消耗动力获得的重物势能和车辆动能，在再次举升重物和起动车辆过程中部分得到再生，回收和再生效率高，节能减排效益显著。简便易行，投资少，寿命长。新造时配置或旧机改造时添置均可。
id-US9382927B2    abstract-An apparatus for recuperation of hydraulic energy from an actuator comprises a first hydraulic machine having a first drive and a second hydraulic machine having a second drive mechanically coupled to the first drive. The first hydraulic machine is in hydraulic communication with an actuator, and the second hydraulic machine ( 20 ) is in hydraulic communication with an accumulator.
id-CN102869601B    abstract-本发明涉及电动铲车，该电动铲车包括：电子设备，其在作业机上升时作为电机来工作，在作业机下降时作为发电机来工作；液压泵电机，其执行液压泵和液压电机这两个功能；主控制阀装置，其分别包括启动提升缸的提升缸工作部及启动次级消耗器的次级消耗器工作部；以及控制杆，其具有控制阀，该控制阀通过上述主控制阀装置的提升缸工作部和次级消耗器工作部而分别控制上述提升缸或上述次级消耗器，该电动铲车的特征在于，所述电动铲车具有设置了油量限制阀的工作油返回管路，该油量限制阀对在作业机下降时从上述提升缸产生的返回油量的流动进行限制，在上述工作油返回管路上包括能量回收单元，该能量回收单元当在作业机下降时产生的返回油量比上述次级消耗器的所需油量少时将上述返回油量回收到油箱，当在作业机下降时产生的返回油量比上述次级消耗器的所需油量多时将上述返回油量引导至上述液压泵电机。
id-KR101286841B1    abstract-컨트롤러는 메인 펌프로부터 액추에이터로의 압력 유체의 공급을 제어하는 조작 밸브가 중립 위치에 있는지를 판정하고, 액추에이터로부터의 복귀 오일에서 회전하는 유압 모터의 입력 동력을 검출하고, 조작 밸브가 중립 위치에 있고, 또한 유압 모터의 입력 동력이 제1 임계값을 초과한 경우, 비례 전자기 스로틀 밸브의 개방도를 좁힌다.
id-KR20110126284A    abstract-본 발명은 전동지게차의 에너지 회수 시스템을 개시한다. 상기 에너지 회수 시스템은 작업기 상승시 모터로 작동하고 작업기 하강시에는 발전기로 작동하는 전자기기(1)와, 상기 전자기기(1)와 연결되고 오일탱크(7)로부터 작업기로 작동유를 송출하는 유압펌프(2a)를 포함하는 전동지게차에 있어서, 상기 유압펌프(2a)의 일측에는 상기 전자기기(1)가 연결되고 상기 유압펌프(2a)의 타측에는 리프트실린더(3)에서 리턴되는 유압으로 작동하여 상기 전자기기(1)가 발전기로 작동하게 하는 유압모터(45)가 결합된 것을 특징으로 한다. 본 발명은 작업기(또는 포크캐리지)의 하강 시 상기 리프트실린더로부터 오일탱크로 복귀되는 작동유로 상기 유압모터를 작동시켜 그 복귀 유량의 기계적 에너지를 전기적인 에너지로 변환하여 배터리로 회수할 수 있게 하고, 종래에 에너지 회수과정에서 유압 펌프모터에서 발생되었던 캐비테이션을 방지하여 에너지 회수효율을 높일 수 있게 한다.
id-US9303632B2    abstract-An energy recovery control circuit is provided with an energy recovery system for recovering energy of a work equipment. The energy recovery control circuit includes an recovery control valve block in which a plurality of valves that constitute the energy recovery system are incorporated. The recovery control valve block includes a main spool, in which a plurality of control characteristics concerning recovery of energy are consolidated.
id-CN103038537B    abstract-本发明涉及一种在工作机械中回收能量的装置，具有至少一个能被驱动以使载荷块来回运动的动力驱动装置，以及能量存储系统（16），该能量存储系统吸收载荷块向一个方向的运动中所释放的能量且使该能量能用于向另一个方向的后续运动。所述装置的特征在于，具有以蓄能器缸（16）的形式的能量存储系统，该蓄能器缸（16）机械地连接至载荷块，存储用于向一个方向运动的气动压能，并对于向另一个方向的运动，作为支持动力驱动装置并将所存储的压能转换成驱动力的辅助工作缸。
id-WO2012015570A1    abstract-A hydraulic system is provided with a prime mover connected to a first fixed displacement pump having a maximum flow A, a hydraulic loop connected to a system of valves and actuators, a second fixed displacement pump having a maximum flow B in fluid communication with the loop, an electric machine operable as one of a motor and a generator connected to the second pump and electrically coupled to a battery, and a controller connected to the prime mover and the electric machine. The hydraulic loop is in fluid communication with the first pump with a first check valve. The second pump is arranged in parallel with the first pump.
id-DE202011102881U1    abstract-Vorrichtung zur Rückgewinnung von Fluid-Energie, umfassend mindestens einen hydropneumatischen Akkumulator (1), der in seiner Hülle einen Fluid-Anschluss (2) enthält, der in Verbindung mit dem Fluid-Reservoir (3) des Akkumulators steht, das durch ein bewegliches Trennglied (4) von dem Gasreservoir (5) des Akkumulators getrennt ist, das über den Gasanschluss (6) mit dem Gasanschluss (8) mindestens eines Gasrezipienten (9) in Verbindung steht, der einen regenerierenden Wärmetauscher (10) enthält, wobei der regenerierende Wärmetauscher (10) in Form einer metallenen porösen Struktur ausgeführt ist, und die Gesamtfläche der Wärmeaustausch-Oberflächen des regenerierenden Wärmetauschers (10), auf das gesamte innere Volumen des Rezipienten (9) zurückgeführt, 2000 cm2/Liter, vorzugsweise 10 000 cm2/Liter, überschreitet.
id-EP2402829A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft eine Modulanordnung mit längs einer Reihenrichtung (6) aneinandergereihten Modulen (2), die wenigstens teilweise als Ventilmodule (3) ausgebildet sind, sowie mit einer Steuereinrichtung (5), die zur Kommunikation mit einer Maschinensteuerung (7) über ein Bussystem (8) und zur Bereitstellung von Steuersignalen an die Module (2) ausgebildet ist, wobei die Ventilmodule (3) in wenigstens zwei Ventilmodulgruppen (9, 10, 11) zusammengefasst sind und wenigstens einer Ventilmodulgruppe (9, 10) ein Drucksteuermittel (23, 24) zugeordnet ist, das in Abhängigkeit von einem Steuersignal der Steuereinrichtung (5) zwischen einem ersten und wenigstens einem zweiten Druckniveau umschaltbar ist, um eine Druckbeaufschlagung der zugeordneten Ventilmodulgruppe (9, 10) zu beeinflussen. Erfindungsgemäß ist vorgesehen, dass in der Steuereinrichtung ein Energiesparsignalmuster für eine Umschaltung wenigstens eines Drucksteuermittels (23, 24) aus einem Betriebszustand in wenigstens einen Energiesparzustand gespeichert ist. Ferner betrifft die Erfindung ein Verfahren zum Betreiben einer Modulanordnung.
id-US9109586B2    abstract-An electro-hydraulic drive system for a work machine which drives an upper rotary body by controlling a flow rate of a hydraulic fluid by a control valve, includes an electro-hydraulic pump including a hydraulic pump driven by an engine, and a first electric motor, and an electro-hydraulic motor including a hydraulic motor rotated by the hydraulic oil supplied from the electro-hydraulic pump, and a second electric motor, and a controller which determines an operating state of the first electric motor and an operating state of the second electric motor based on a load of the electro-hydraulic pump and a load of the electro-hydraulic motor, and is able to perform an efficient operation by using a hydraulic pressure (fluid pressure) and electric power.
id-CN103119307A    abstract-本发明涉及液压系统，包括高压力源（A）、能够经由流量控制阀（21）连接到高压力源（A）的消耗装置（C）、以及设置为控制流量控制阀（21）的电磁阀（22）。液压系统还包括液压操纵阀（31），该液压操纵阀可通过电磁阀（22）选择性地控制以将流量控制阀（21）中的控制腔室（28）连接到高压力源（A）或者连接到低压力侧（T）。当电磁阀（22）致动时，消耗装置（C）在流量控制阀（21）打开之前经由旁路管道预加压。与此同时，高压力源（A）设置为作用在液压操纵阀（31）的第一和第二端（32、33）上，其中弹簧（36）设置为使液压操纵阀（31）移位并且将控制腔室（28）连接到低压力侧（T）以打开流量控制阀（21）。
id-US9309645B2    abstract-In drive control of an operating machine configured to drive a structure by a hydraulic motor configured to be driven by operating oil supplied from a hydraulic pump an electric motor configured to cooperate with the hydraulic motor, a speed command generated based on a manipulation amount of a remote control valve configured to determine an operation amount of the structure is subjected to speed feedback control performed based on the actual rotation speed of the hydraulic motor and pressure difference feedback control performed based on an operating oil pressure difference between a suction port and discharge port of the hydraulic motor. With this, a tilting angle command is generated such that the operating oil, the amount of which is necessary at the actual rotation speed of the hydraulic motor, is ejected, and the tilting angle of the hydraulic pump is controlled.
id-CN103097746B    abstract-一种混合型液压装置，具有：旋转用液压马达（1），其使旋转体（8）旋转；6端口3位置的方向切换阀（2），其切换旋转体（8）的旋转方向；液压泵（3），其向旋转用液压马达（1）输送工作油；引擎（4），其驱动液压泵（3）；液压能再生装置（7），其将从旋转用液压马达（1）流出的工作油的运动能变换为电能。该液压能再生装置（7）具有：再生用液压马达（102），其被供给应该返回油箱（5）的工作油；再生用释放阀（101），其与再生用液压马达（102）并联连接；发电机（103），其由再生用液压马达（102）进行驱动。
id-JP2012057766A    abstract-【課題】建設機械の運転中に回転油圧装置及び回転電機装置の動作状態を切り換えたときに流量変動によるショックを発生しないようにする。 【解決手段】コントローラ３５は、トルクセンサ３４により検出した油圧ポンプ３の駆動トルクに基づいて、アクチュエータ駆動トルクが切替トルクτ０より小さい場合は、電磁切替弁１７を閉じ、回転電機装置８が発電機として機能させ、アクチュエータ駆動トルクが増大するにしたがって油圧ポンプ３から回転油圧装置９に供給される圧油の流量が減少するように圧力補償機能付き流量制御弁１３を制御し、アクチュエータ駆動トルクが切替トルクより大きい場合は、電磁切替弁１７を開け、回転電機装置８が電動モータとして機能させ、油圧ポンプ３の吐出油が回転油圧装置９に供給されないように圧力補償機能付き流量制御弁１３を制御する。 【選択図】    図１
id-CN102536922B    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于流体系统的压力存储器填充方法，该流体系统具有：数字控制的压力调节器，其具有至少一个数字控制的开/关阀，所述开/关阀在静止状态下是封闭的；与压力调节器相连接的压力存储器；和至少一个被流体压力驱动的活塞缸装置，负载作用在该活塞缸装置的活塞上，该活塞具有多个用于使活塞抵抗负载运动的作用面，每个作用面均配设与压力调节器连接并能分别切换的压力室。该方法包括以下步骤：当活塞随着负载运动时，一个或多个压力室借助于压力调节器与压力存储器连接，以将流体从压力室输送到压力存储器，其中选择待连接的压力室，使得压力作用的总作用面小于在先前的活塞抵抗负载的运动中被施加压力的总作用面。
id-US20120134848A1    abstract-A hydraulic fan circuit is disclosed. The hydraulic fan circuit may have a primary pump, a high-pressure passage fluidly connected to the primary pump, and a low-pressure passage fluidly connected to the primary pump. The hydraulic fan circuit may also have at least one accumulator in selective fluid communication with at least one of the high- and low-pressure passages, a motor, and a fan connected to the motor. The hydraulic fan circuit may further have a fan isolation valve fluidly connected to the high- and low-pressure passages. The fan isolation valve may be movable between a flow-passing position at which the motor is fluidly connected to the primary pump via the high- and low-pressure passages, and a flow-blocking position at which the motor is substantially isolated from the primary pump.
id-EP2455555A1    abstract-Die vorliegende Erfindung zeigt ein Arbeitsgerät, insbesondere einen Bagger oder eine Maschine zum Materialumschlag, mit einem über mindestens einen Arbeits-Antrieb bewegbaren Element, wobei mindestens ein Energierückgewinnungszylinder zur Energierückgewinnung aus der Bewegung des bewegbaren Elementes vorgesehen ist, welcher eine mit Gas befüllte Kammer aufweist. Erfindungsgemäß ist dabei eine Vorrichtung zur Einstellung der Temperatur des Energierückgewinnungszylinders vorgesehen.
