id-US9938691B2    abstract-Delivery ports of a closed circuit hydraulic pump are connected to a head-side chamber and a rod-side chamber of an arm/boom cylinder. A switching valve is arranged between the head-side chamber and a delivery port of an open circuit hydraulic pump. A proportional control valve is arranged between the head-side chamber and a hydraulic fluid tank. At times of cylinder extension, both of the closed and open circuit hydraulic pumps and the switching valve are controlled so that the delivery flows from the closed and open circuit hydraulic pumps are sent to the head-side chamber. At times of cylinder retraction, the closed circuit hydraulic pump and the proportional control valve are controlled so that part of an outward flow from the head-side chamber is returned to the closed circuit hydraulic pump and other part of the outward flow is returned to the hydraulic fluid tank.
id-US10024341B2    abstract-A hybrid swing drive system ( 1 ) of a hydraulic construction machine includes a variable displacement hydraulic swing pump ( 3 ) operable by a prime mover ( 2 ); a hydraulic swing motor ( 16 ) for performing a swing function of the machine; an accumulator ( 10 ); a controller ( 244 ); a swing control valve assembly ( 15 ) disposed in a first hydraulic path extending from the swing pump to the swing motor, the swing control valve assembly having a first position fluidly connecting the swing pump to a first side of the swing motor and a second position fluidly connecting the swing pump to a second side of the swing motor; and an accumulator control valve ( 12 ) having an open position fluidly connecting the accumulator to the first hydraulic path at an accumulator control valve connection point and a closed position fluidly isolating the accumulator from the first hydraulic path.
id-US9593467B2    abstract-An inexpensive engine assist device capable of performing stable energy regeneration from an accumulator and a working machine on which the engine assist device is mounted are provided. A variable capacity type main pump and a variable capacity type assist pump are directly connected to an engine. A return pressure oil flowing out from a fluid pressure actuator is temporarily accumulated by a sub-accumulator and is supplied to an inlet of the assist pump, and the assist pump pressurizes the return fluid pressure oil and supplies the return fluid pressure oil to a main accumulator. A controller calculates and controls an assist pump swash plate angle, and assist starting torque or charge starting torque, and introduces a pressure-accumulated fluid discharged from the main accumulator to the inlet of the assist pump or introduces a pressurized fluid discharged from an outlet of the assist pump into the main accumulator.
id-EP2947332B1    abstract-
id-WO2014119569A1    abstract-液体圧シリンダに高い負荷が作用して、液体圧シリンダから圧油エネルギ回収装置の最高使用圧力を上回る圧油が流出しても、不必要な圧油エネルギ回収装置の過回転を防止し、良好な操作性を確保できる作業機械の圧油エネルギ回収装置を提供する。　作業機械の圧油エネルギ回収装置において、液体圧シリンダと油圧モータとを接続する回収管路と、回収管路に設けられ、その開口面積を調整可能な回収制御弁と、液体圧シリンダの回収管路に接続された側の油室の圧力信号を検出する圧力検出手段と、操作手段の操作量を検出する操作量検出手段と、圧力検出手段で検出した圧力検出値と，操作量検出手段が検出した操作手段の操作量とを取込み、圧力検出値が油圧モータの最高使用圧力を超過した場合は、操作量検出手段が検出した操作手段の操作量に応じて回収制御弁の開口面積を制御する指令を出力する制御装置とを備えた。
id-US20140208728A1    abstract-A hydraulic control system includes a swing control valve between a pump and a swing motor to control flow to/from the swing motor, and a selector valve between an accumulator and the swing motor to regulate fluid flow. A controller is configured to receive inputs indicative of the pressure differential between the accumulator and conduit between the pump and swing motor, and a swing motor command, calculate a target swing motor flow based on the swing motor command input, and modulate operation of the swing control valve and the selector valve to regulate a swing speed.
id-US20140202545A1    abstract-A de-aeration hydraulic circuit having application in a hydromechanical transmissions utilizes a hydraulic fluid reservoir to de-aerate hydraulic fluid. The circuit includes a high pressure side and a low pressure side having a bleed down valve therebetween, the opening of the bleed down valve causing fluid to flow from the high pressure side to the low pressure side and through a valve to the hydraulic fluid reservoir where the pressure drop causes gas that is entrained in the fluid to bubble out and vent from the atmospheric reservoir.
id-CN105008728A    abstract-本发明公开一种用于液压机(10)的能量回收系统(50)。所述能量回收系统可以具有罐(60)、配置为从所述罐中抽取流体并对所述流体加压的泵(58)、致动器(28)和可移动以将加压流体从所述泵引导至所述致动器并且从所述致动器引导至所述罐以移动所述致动器的致动器控制阀(202)。所述能量回收系统还可以具有机械地连接到旋转装置(58、59)并配置为选择性地接收从所述致动器排出的流体的马达(241)，以及可移动以选择性地将从所述马达排出的流体重新引导回所述致动器的至少一个阀(254、256)。
id-WO2014121910A1    abstract-Hydraulisches Mehrverbrauchersystem mit energieeffizienter hydraulischer Schaltung, umfassend eine hydraulische Quelle (7) für einen Volumenstrom eines Hydraulikmediums sowie mindestens zwei Verbraucher (1,2,3) mit Steuerventil (4,5,6), die über je eine Speiseleitung (11) und je eine Rücklaufleitung (12) an die Quelle angeschlossen sind. Aufgabe der Erfindung ist es, ein hydraulisches Mehrverbrauchersystem ohne zusätzliche Sensoren und mit weiter reduzierten Energiebedarf und Verlustenergieerzeugung vorzuschlagen. Die Aufgabe wird dadurch gelöst, dass mindestens ein hydraulischer Speicher (27) oder Puffer vorgesehen ist, der Speicher oder Puffer eine hydraulische Verbindung mit mindestens einer Rücklaufleitung aufweist sowie mindestens eine Rücklaufleitung Mittel zur Umleitung von Hydraulikmedium in den Speicher oder Puffer aufweist.
id-US20140223893A1    abstract-A system includes a pilot pump with an output that may be directed to a pilot circuit by way of a selector valve. The selector valve is shifted between a first position providing communication between the pump and the pilot circuit to a second position providing communication between the pilot pump and the hybrid circuit when pressure in the pilot circuit reaches a predetermined level. That pressure is used to hydraulically shift the selector valve to redirect flow from the pilot pump to the hybrid circuit. Both the pilot circuit and the hybrid circuit include accumulators for storing pressurized hydraulic fluid. The fluid stored in the pilot circuit is used for pilot functionality while the fluid stored in the hybrid circuit is used to power any one or more of a variety of power consuming components.
id-CN105074287B    abstract-具备：第1液压泵(10)，其连接于驱动源(16)；第2液压泵(12)，其连接于第1液压泵的转子；第1调节阀(34)，其将从第1液压泵向连接第1液压泵(10)的泵出口(10c)与液压致动器(32)的第3油路(26)泵出的工作油的压力调节为管道压力；第4油路(30)，其连接第2液压泵与液压致动器的润滑系统(32a)；第2调节阀(42)，其将从第1调节阀排出的剩余工作油的压力调节为低于管道压力的低压；以及单向阀(40)，其配置在连接第2液压泵与油箱的第2油路中，仅容许从油箱向第2液压泵供应工作油。对剩余的工作油进行再生，并使液压能量的损失减少。
id-CN103993966B    abstract-本发明公开了一种从机动车辆（50）回收能量的方法，其中，在发动机超限运转期间，将机动车辆（50）减速产生的动能用于以高需求水平驱动高压燃油泵（130），从而将燃油以高压存储在燃油贮存器（140）中，以供机动车辆（50）的发动机（10）的以后使用。
id-DE112013003151T5    abstract-Eine Baumaschine mit einem durch ein Arbeitsfluid angetriebenen Stellglied umfasst eine Zustandswert-Erfassungseinheit, die einen Zustandswert erfasst, der eine Betriebsbedingung des Stellglieds angibt, eine Modusbestimmungseinheit, die einen Betriebsmodus bestimmt, indem sie den Zustandswert mit einem Bestimmungsbedingungswert vergleicht, und eine Bedingungswert-Setzeinheit, die den Bestimmungsbedingungswert auf der Basis eines Vergleichsergebnisses der Modusbestimmungseinheit modifiziert. Die Bedingungswert-Setzeinheit setzt den Bestimmungsbedingungswert derart, dass der Bestimmungsbedingungswert erhöht wird, wenn der Zustandswert unter den Bestimmungsbedingungswert fällt, und vermindert wird, wenn der Zustandswert über den Bestimmungsbedingungswert steigt.
id-US9352743B2    abstract-A hydraulic hybrid system for implementation in a machine. The system includes a hydraulic system, an energy source, an output, and a transmission. The hydraulic system includes a primary hydraulic pump/motor (primary motor) that is hydraulically coupled to a reservoir and a variable-volume accumulator assembly. The primary motor is configured to charge an accumulator of the variable-volume accumulator assembly with a working fluid when mechanically driven. The storage volume of variable-volume accumulator assembly varies based on a kinetic output condition of the machine. The energy source is configured to produce primary kinetic energy. The output is configured to receive at least a first portion of the primary kinetic energy. The transmission is coupled between the energy source and the output and selectively coupled to the primary motor. The transmission is configured to mechanically drive the primary motor using a second portion of the primary kinetic energy.
id-EP2778113B1    abstract-
id-EP2971795B1    abstract-
id-US9618018B2    abstract-The present disclosure relates to a hydraulic system for construction equipment, and more particularly, to a hydraulic system, in which an actuator is controlled by a pump/motor. The hydraulic system for construction equipment according to the present disclosure includes logic valves in first and second hydraulic lines provided to an actuator, respectively, and when it is desired to operate the actuator in a state where an operation of the actuator is stopped by closing the logic valves, a pressure difference may be resolved by increasing pressure in sections of a pump/motor and the logic valves in advance even if a load is applied to the actuator, and thus the actuator may implement a desired operation without being affected by the load. That is, it is possible to improve operation controllability of the actuator.
id-US20160047397A1    abstract-An example embodiment includes a hydraulic hybrid system. The hydraulic hybrid system includes a hydraulic system, an energy source configured to produce primary kinetic energy, an output configured to receive at least a first portion of the primary kinetic energy, and a transmission coupled between the energy source and the output and selectively coupled to the hydraulic system. The hydraulic system includes a reservoir, a sequenced accumulator assembly, and a hydraulic pump/motor that is hydraulically coupled to the reservoir and the sequenced accumulator assembly and configured to charge the sequenced accumulator assembly when mechanically driven. The sequenced accumulator assembly includes two or more accumulators, one or more sequence valves, and one or more check valves. The sequenced accumulator assembly is configured to store varying amounts of potential hydraulic energy by introducing and removing one or more of the accumulators from operation.
id-US20160030887A1    abstract-An energy recovery apparatus which is used in a seawater desalination system includes a cylindrical chamber (CH) being installed such that a longitudinal direction of the chamber is placed in a vertical direction, a concentrated seawater port (P 1 ) for supplying and discharging the concentrated seawater, a seawater port (P 2 ) for supplying and discharging the seawater, a flow resistor ( 23 ) provided at a concentrated seawater port (P 1 ) side in the chamber (CH), and a flow resistor ( 23 ) provided at a seawater port (P 2 ) side in the chamber (CH). The flow resistor ( 23 ) provided at the concentrated seawater port (P 1 ) side and the flow resistor ( 23 ) provided at the seawater port (P 2 ) side comprise at least one perforated circular plate, and the perforated circular plate has holes formed at an outer circumferential area outside a predetermined diameter of the circular plate.
id-DE102013006204A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft eine Betätigungseinrichtung für eine hydraulisch betätigbare Arbeitsgerätschaft (1), bei der im Sinne eines modular aufgebauten Baukastensystems einzelne Module in Form von Aktuatoren (17, 19) und/oder Rekuperatoren (21) an Platzhalterstellen eines Lasthebearmes (5) frei tauschbar angeordnet sind. Die Erfindung betrifft weiter eine Betätigungseinrichtung mit vergleichbarem Aufbau, bei der die einzelnen Verfahrachsen (27, 29) des jeweils eingesetzten Aktuators (17, 19) und des jeweils eingesetzten Rekuperators (21) in jeder einnehmbaren Bewegungs- oder Betätigungsstellung parallel zueinander verlaufend angeordnet sind. Ferner betrifft die Erfindung eine Betätigungseinrichtung, bei der mindestens drei Aktuatoren (17, 19) mit jeweils parallelen Verfahrachsen (27) bevorzugt an dem schwenkbar angeordneten Lasthebearm (5) angelenkt sind. Die Erfindung betrifft des Weiteren Arbeitsgerätschaften mit dahingehend ausgebildeten Betätigungseinrichtungen.
id-KR20140122339A    abstract-본 발명은 에너지 회수 건설장비에 관한 것이다.  본 발명에 의한 에너지 회수 건설장비는, 유압 엑츄에이터가 구비된 작업부; 주행부; 기름을 저장하는 기름 저장부; 기름저장부와 연결된 어큐뮬레이터; 및 주행부에 구비되고 주행부가 감속되는 경우에 펌프로서 작동되어 기름저장부의 기름을 어큐뮬레이터로 이동시키는 유압펌프모터;를 포함한다.  따라서, 본 발명에 의하면, 종래의 건설장비에 비하여 동일한 작업성능을 가지면서도 연료 사용량이 저감될 수 있는 효과가 있다.
id-EP3006745B1    abstract-
id-CN104141644A    abstract-公开了一种液压式抽油机的动力单元，包括：电机；用于驱动抽油杆往复运动的抽油杆驱动装置；由电机驱动的变量泵，变量泵液压连接到抽油杆驱动装置；液压连接到抽油杆驱动装置的二次液压控制单元；传动连接到二次液压控制单元的蓄能器；用于设定抽油杆的冲程的传感器；基于传感器的信号而使变量泵的排量在抽油杆下降过程中为零、在抽油杆上升过程中为正以驱动抽油杆驱动装置的第一控制装置；和基于传感器的信号而使二次控制液压单元在抽油杆下降过程中作为马达驱动蓄能器以储存能量、在抽油杆上升过程中受蓄能器驱动以作为泵驱动抽油杆驱动装置的第二控制装置。还公开了一种相应的液压式抽油机。该液压式抽油机具有高的能量循环利用率且简单可靠。
id-US20140325972A1    abstract-A hydraulic system includes a hydraulic actuator, an accumulator, an accumulator charge valve, and a hydraulic transformer fluidly connected between the accumulator charge valve and the accumulator. The hydraulic transformer includes a transformer motor mechanically coupled to a transformer pump. The accumulator charge valve is fluidly connected between the transformer motor and the hydraulic actuator. The transformer pump is sized to permit a maximum flow therethrough of no more than three-quarters of a flow permitted through the transformer motor.
id-US20160091000A1    abstract-Device ( 100 ) for the storage and production of electric power includes:         at least one energy source, preferably a source ( 400 ) of renewable energy;   at least one pump ( 200 ), supplied by the energy source ( 400 ), adapted to compress the air inside a storage tank ( 6 ) of compressed air so that to feed it to at least one primary pneumatic actuator ( 1 ) connected to at least one secondary pneumatic actuator ( 1   a ), preferably connected to a plurality of secondary pneumatic actuators ( 1   a,    1   b,    1   c ), via pressurized pipings ( 3  and  4 ) and electrovalves ( 150  and  298 );   at least one transmission assembly ( 21 ) adapted to transform the reciprocating rotary motion of the pneumatic actuators ( 1, 1   a,    1   b,    1   c ) in a constant rotary motion;   at least one electric generator connected to the transmission assembly ( 21 ) adapted to produce electric power when necessary.
id-DE202013006621U1    abstract-Energieverbrauchsreduzierende Vorrichtung für pneumatische Antriebseinheiten mit mindestens einem Arbeitszylinder (M1), welcher mittels eines ersten Wegeventils (VW1) steuerbar und mit Druckluft aus einer Druckluftquelle (D) beaufschlagbar ist, wobei beim Ausfahren des Arbeitszylinders (M1) verdrängtes Volumen aus dem Arbeitszylinder-Kolbenstangenraum über ein Rückschlagventil (VRE) in einen Speicher (SP) gelangt und die im Speicher vorhandene Energiemenge dem Arbeitszylinder zur Realisierung der Rückhubbewegung wieder zuführbar ist, dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass das Rückschlagventil (VRE) entsperrbar ausgebildet und der Speicher (SP) mittels eines Druckreduzierventils (VDR) mit einem Vordruck beaufschlagbar ist, weiterhin dem Druckreduzierventil (VDR) ein Rückschlagventil (VR1) in Reihe geschalten ist, um den Speicherdruck zu halten, ein zweites Wegeventil (VW2) vorgesehen ist, welches mit Erreichen der Endlage des Arbeitszylinders (M1) das Totvolumen entlüftet, wobei für die Rückhubbewegung das erste und zweite Wegeventil (VW1/VW2) zurückgeschaltet und das Rückschlagventil (VRE) entsperrbar ist, wobei weiterhin das entsperrbare Rückschlagventil (VRE), der Speicher (SP), das Druckreduzierventil (VDR) nebst reihengeschaltetem Rückschlagventil (VR1) sowie das zweite Wegeventil (VW2) als vormontierter Nachrüstsatz ausgebildet sind, welcher an bauseits vorhandene Arbeitszylinder ankoppelbar ist, wobei die vorhandene Ansteuerung nebst Stromversorgung des ersten Wegeventils (VW1) funktionsseitig mit dem Nachrüstsatz verbunden ist.
id-BR112015029225B1    abstract-método e disposição em uma unidade de trabalho florestal. trata-se de um método e uma disposição em uma unidade de trabalho florestal, que compreende armazenar potência produzida por uma fonte de alimentação primária em um meio de armazenamento de energia em pelo menos uma primeira fase de um ciclo de trabalho da unidade de trabalho florestal controlando-se um motor de bomba hidráulica para converter pelo menos uma parte da potência produzida pela fonte de alimentação primária em potência hidráulica e fornecendo-se a mesma ao meio de armazenamento de energia para ser armazenada no mesmo. pelo menos uma segunda fase do ciclo de trabalho da unidade de trabalho florestal compreende fornecer a potência armazenada do meio de armazenamento de energia para acionar pelo menos uma ferramenta.
id-JP2014228033A    abstract-【課題】油圧モータの余剰エネルギを回生する回生回路であって、油圧モータの戻り油を回収するときに、戻り油の圧力より低い圧力の圧油を油圧モータに再供給することができる油圧モータの回生回路、回生回路を備える建設機械又は油圧モータの回生回路の制御方法を提供すること。 【解決手段】油圧モータＭｔｒの戻り油を回収する回収油路１１ａと、回収した戻り油のエネルギを回生する回生システム１１と、回生システム１１から油圧モータＭｔｒに圧油を再供給する再供給油路１１ｂとを有し、回生システム１１は、回収油路１１ａを経由して回収した戻り油の圧力エネルギを機械エネルギに変換する圧油流入部と、機械エネルギに変換しているときに戻り油より低い圧力の圧油を再供給油路１１ｂへ流出する圧油流出部と、変換した機械エネルギを蓄える回生部とを備える、ことを特徴とする。 【選択図】図１
id-WO2014180189A1    abstract-一种节能控制系统、挖掘机及方法，属于机械控制领域，节能控制系统包括调节器（1）、主泵（2）和主阀（3），主阀（3）中设有中心油道（4），中心油道（4）设有进口和出口，调节器（1）、主泵（2）和中心油道（4）的进口依次相通，主阀（3）上设有先导压力传感器（5），中心油道（4）的出口处还设有电磁比例阀（6），先导压力传感器（5）和电磁比例阀（6）与控制器（7）相连。节能控制方法包括设定中心油道（4）的预估回油量Q0；计算得出主阀中心油道（4）的实际回油量Q；如Q＞Q0，则控制器（7）控制电磁比例阀（6）的开度减小，减小中心油道（4）的回油量。通过控制电磁比例阀（6）调节中心油道（4）的回油量，提高了机器的工作效率，降低了油耗，且响应性较高。
id-US20140338319A1    abstract-A hydraulic hybrid safety system is provided. The hydraulic hybrid safety system is part of a hydraulic hybrid system that has an over-center bent-axis rotary pump/motor with a yoke, the yoke having a zero yoke angle and a plurality of non-zero yoke angles. The safety system includes a spring that is operable to move the yoke to the zero yoke angle when the hydraulic hybrid system loses electrical power.
id-EP3003756B1    abstract-
id-EP2818446A1    abstract-A hydraulic drive device (16) for cargo handling vehicle has: a tank (19); a pump (17) for drawing in a hydraulic oil from the tank and supplying the hydraulic oil to hydraulic cylinders; an electric motor (18) for driving the pump; a solenoid-controlled proportional valve (48) disposed between an inlet port of the pump and a bottom chamber of an up-and-down hydraulic cylinder (4) and configured to open with a valve travel depending upon a control input of a descent control of an up-and-down control member; a pressure compensation valve (50) disposed between a branch portion located between the pump and the solenoid-controlled proportional valve and the tank and configured to open with a valve travel depending upon a pressure difference between pressures upstream and downstream of the solenoid-controlled proportional valve; and a valve (53) disposed between the pressure compensation valve and the tank and configured to be switched between an open position and a close position.
id-EP3026272B1    abstract-
id-JP6232795B2    abstract-
id-CA2828341A1    abstract-An intelligent knuckle boom control system is disclosed where hoist and stick cylinders raise and lower main and stick booms, respectively, a base end control valve controls flow to the hoist and stick cylinder base ends, a hoist rod control valve controls flow to the hoist cylinder rod end, and a stick rod control valve controls flow to the stick cylinder rod end. A microprocessor computes control signals to direct flow through the control valves based on operator commands and boom position readings. The system can include an energy storage system for storing excess energy and releasing the stored energy, where the microprocessor directs storage of excess energy and release of stored energy. The energy storage system can include a hydraulic accumulator, an accumulator control valve and hydraulic pressure sensors; where the microprocessor receives pressure sensor readings and computes accumulator control valve control signals.
id-DE202013006169U1    abstract-Elektrische Energierückgewinnung durch Lastabsenkung mit Hydraulischem System, dadurch gekennzeichnet, dass ein Antriebsrotor zwischen einer Rücklaufleitung beginnend vom Hydraulikzylinder bis zum Ölbehälter bzw. im Ölspeicher in einem Hydrauliksystem von festen und beweglichen Hubvorrichtungen und Hubfahrzeugen eingesetzt wird.
id-DE102013013690A1    abstract-System zur automatischen Anpassung einer vorgebbaren Gaseintragsmenge (10) in einem Arbeitssystem (12) mit relativ zueinander bewegbaren Systemkomponenten (14, 16), bei denen im Betrieb durch Kompression oder Expansion und/oder bei sich ändernden Betriebs- und Umgebungstemperaturen der Druck der Gaseintragsmenge (10) veränderbar ist, wobei ein Speichersystem (18) mit einem vorgebbaren Speichervolumen (20) über eine Steuereinrichtung (22) derart an das Arbeitssystem (12) anschließbar ist, dass im Fall einer Kompression innerhalb des Arbeitssystems (12) ein Teil der Gaseintragsmenge (10) an das Speichersystem (18) als Speichermenge (24) abgebbar ist und im Fall einer Expansion innerhalb des Arbeitssystems (12) von dem Speichersystem (18) abrufbar als Gaseintragsmenge (10) dem Arbeitssystem (12) wieder zuführbar ist, insbesondere zum Ausgleich von Veränderungen der Temperatur im Arbeitssystem (12) und/oder in dessen Umgebung dient. Die Erfindung betrifft ferner eine Betätigungseinrichtung.
id-US20150059568A1    abstract-A hydraulic circuit for controlling a component of a hydraulic machine includes an actuator having a head end chamber and a rod end chamber, the actuator having an extended position for moving the component in a first direction and a retracted position for moving the component in a second direction. The hydraulic circuit includes a regeneration valve having an open position for fluidly connecting the head end chamber to the rod end chamber, a first control valve having a first open position, a second open position for fluidly connecting the regeneration valve to the return tank and substantially fluidly the rod end chamber from the fluid source, and a closed position, and a second control disconnecting valve having a first open position, a second open position, and a closed position for substantially fluidly disconnecting the rod end chamber from the fluid source.
id-US20160153473A1    abstract-A shovel includes a main pump, a hydraulic actuator, and an accumulator part. The hydraulic actuator is configured to be driven with hydraulic oil discharged by the main pump. The accumulator part is configured to store the hydraulic oil discharged from the hydraulic actuator and discharge the hydraulic oil to the intake side of the main pump.
id-WO2015023725A1    abstract-A hydraulic system (50) for a machine (10) is disclosed. The system includes an actuator configured to move a portion of the machine (10), a pump (58) configured to supply pressurized fluid to the actuator, an accumulator (108) fluidly coupled to the actuator, a valve (142) arrangement configured to selectively direct the fluid discharged from the actuator to the accumulator (108) for storage and to selectively direct the stored fluid from the accumulator (108) to the actuator, and a controller (100). The controller (100) is configured to determine an accumulator (108) pressure, an actuator pressure, and an operational parameter associated with an implement system (14). Further, the controller (100) is configured to determine an accumulator (108) control mode. The controller (100) determines an accumulator (108) pressure leakage rate when the accumulator (108) control mode is neutral.
id-AU2014310508B2    abstract-The reversible hydraulic pressure converter with tubular valves (1) comprises a medium-pressure stage (44) consisting of a medium-pressure cylinder (2) and a medium-pressure double-acting piston (3), the position of which is transmitted to a management computer of the converter (19) by a piston position sensor (14), said cylinder (2) and said piston (3) forming two medium-pressure chambers (5) that can be brought into connection with a medium-pressure inlet/outlet circuit (15) by at least one tubular valve (12), said converter (1) also comprising two high-pressure cylinders (9) each engaging with a high-pressure piston (8) having a smaller diameter and defining two high-pressure chambers (11) that can be brought into connection with a high-pressure inlet/outlet circuit (18) by at least one tubular valve (12), the various tubular valves (12) each cooperating with a separate valve actuator (13).
id-US20150059325A1    abstract-A hydraulic system is disclosed. The hydraulic system includes a first actuator fluidly coupled to a first rotating group in a first closed-loop circuit, a flow control module fluidly coupled to the first closed-loop circuit via a first conduit, a second actuator fluidly coupled to the flow control module via a second conduit, a second rotating group in selective fluid communication with the first conduit and the second conduit via the flow control module, and a controller operatively coupled to the flow control module. The controller is configured to operate the flow control module in a first mode and a second mode. The first mode effects fluid communication between the second rotating group and the first closed-loop circuit via the first conduit, and blocks fluid communication between the second rotating group and the second actuator via the second conduit.
id-US20160237648A1    abstract-A control system for hybrid construction machine includes a regeneration motor configured to be rotated by working fluid introduced from a turning circuit, a pressure detector configured to detect a turning pressure during a turning operation of the turning motor or a braking pressure during a braking operation of the turning motor, a switching valve for turning regeneration configured to perform turning regeneration by introducing the working fluid from the turning circuit to the regeneration motor when being switched to an open position by a pressure of pilot fluid, an electromagnetic proportional pressure reducing valve configured to be switched to an open position and generate a pilot secondary pressure for switching the switching valve for turning regeneration to the open position when a pressure detected by the pressure detector reaches a first set pressure, and a pilot switching valve configured to allow the passage of the pilot fluid for switching the switching valve for turning regeneration to the open position by being switched to an open position when the pressure of the turning circuit reaches a second set pressure.
id-US9315968B2    abstract-A hydraulic control system for a machine is disclosed. The hydraulic control system includes a pump configured to pressurize a fluid, and a swing motor selectively driven by pressurized fluid from the pump. The swing motor is configured to move a part of the machine. The hydraulic control system also includes a controller in communication with the pump. The controller is configured to receive an input indicative of a difference between a desired speed and an actual speed of the swing motor, and determine if the swing motor is accelerating, decelerating, or operating at neutral mode. The controller is configured to determine an amount of return fluid from an actuator of the machine that is available as makeup fluid for the swing motor if the swing motor is operating at neutral mode. The controller is configured to control the pump based on at least the amount of return fluid.
id-WO2015032236A1    abstract-公开了一种正面吊势能回收利用系统及正面吊，所述正面吊势能回收利用系统包括车架体（1），与车架体（1）铰接的臂架基本段（2），和位于车架体（1）和臂架基本段（2）之间的弹性装置。所述正面吊势能回收利用系统可对正面吊重力势能回收和利用，结构简单，提高了液压系统的性能和工作寿命。
id-CN104454805A    abstract-本发明公开了一种挖掘机动臂势能回收系统，包括油箱、变量泵、电机、多路阀、液压缸和能量回收系统，所述油箱与所述变量泵连接，所述变量泵再与所述多路阀连接，所述电机与所述变量泵连接，所述多路阀通过第一支路与所述液压缸一端连接，所述多路阀通过第二支路与所述液压缸另一端连接，所述多路阀还通过第三支路与所述能量回收系统连接，所述能量回收系统通过第四支路与所述油箱连接。该回收系统回收效率较高，可控性好，能有效延长元器件寿命，并在一定程度上降低发动机装机容量，达到了节能的目的。
id-FR3011047A1    abstract-Dispositif à commande hydraulique comportant un vérin double effet (VR1) appliquant un effort dans une sens sur un élément extérieur dans une phase de fonctionnement, et recevant un effort dans un sens opposé dans une autre phase de fonctionnement, une pompe hydraulique (P), un volant d'inertie couplé à la pompe (P), un accumulateur hydraulique (ACC), un réservoir (R), le vérin (VR1) comportant un piston délimitant une chambre d'actionnement (CA1) et une chambre de retour (CR1), une connexion entre la chambre d'actionnement et la pompe (P), une connexion entre la chambre d'actionnement et l'accumulateur (ACC), une connexion entre la pompe (P) et le réservoir (R), une connexion entre la pompe (P) et l'accumulateur (ACC), une connexion entre la chambre de retour et le réservoir (R), ladite pompe (P) et les connexions étant commandées de sorte que lors d'une phase de fonctionnement, la pompe (P) alimente la chambre d'actionnement (CA1) de sorte qu'il applique un effort à l'élément extérieur et l'accumulateur (ACC) assiste la pompe (P), et lors d'une autre phase de fonctionnement lorsque le vérin reçoit une effort de l'extérieur, la chambre d'actionnement (CA1) charge l'accumulateur (ACC) et la chambre de retour est alimentée par le réservoir (R).
id-WO2015036005A1    abstract-The hydraulic energy converter (4) can be connected to a hydraulic system. The converter (4) comprises a manifold device (1) for controlling hydraulic fluid flow, a controller (3) for controlling the manifold device (1), and at least one accumulator (2) connected to the manifold device (1), for storing hydraulic energy supplied by the hydraulic system via the manifold device (1).
id-JP2015061380A    abstract-【課題】電力変換部の主回路電圧が異常上昇するような異常発生時に、簡単な構成で主回路電圧の上昇を抑制できる油圧装置を提供する。【解決手段】油タンク７へ戻すべき作動油が供給される油圧モータ５と、油圧モータ５で駆動される発電機６と、発電機６により発電された電力を変換する電力変換部２０と、電力変換部２０により変換された電力により駆動されるアシストモータ８と、発電機６とアシストモータ８を制御するコントローラ３０とを備える。上記コントローラ３０は、電力変換部２０の主回路電圧が判定値を越えたか否かを判定する主回路電圧判定部３１aと、主回路電圧判定部３１aが電力変換部２０の主回路電圧が判定値を越えたと判定したとき、発電機６に弱め界磁電流を流すように発電機６の界磁電流を制御する界磁電流制御部３１bとを有する。【選択図】図１
id-DE102013219598A1    abstract-Hydraulischer Energiespeicher (1) zur Speicherung von Energie mittels einer elastischen Verformung wenigstens eines elastisch verformbaren Speicherteils (2) aus einem elastischen Feststoffmaterial, umfassend wenigstens eine Ein- und Auslassöffnung (4, 5) zum Ein- und Ausleiten eines Hydraulikfluides, insbesondere einer Hydraulikflüssigkeit, das wenigstens eine elastisch verformbare Speicherteil (2), so dass mittels eines Ein- und Ausleiten des Hydraulikfluides in und aus einem ersten Arbeitsraum (7) das elastische Speicherteil (2) elastisch verformbar ist, das wenigstens eine Speicherteil (2) wenigstens einen im Volumen variablen ersten Arbeitsraum (7) begrenzt und das Hydraulikfluid in dem wenigstens einen ersten Arbeitsraum (7) angeordnet ist, so dass mittels eines Einleitens des Hydraulikfluides in den wenigstens ersten Arbeitsraum (7) bei einer Vergrößerung des Volumens des wenigstens einen ersten Arbeitsraumes (7) das elastische Feststoffmaterial dehnbar ist und mittels eines Ausleiten des Hydraulikfluides aus dem wenigstens einen ersten Arbeitsraum (7) bei einer Verkleinerung des Volumens des wenigstens einen ersten Arbeitsraumes (7) das elastische Feststoffmaterial negativ dehnbar ist, wobei der Energiespeicher (1) einen zweiten Arbeitsraum (8) umfasst und der zweite Arbeitsraum (8) von dem wenigstens einen Speicherteil (2) begrenzt ist und das Hydraulikfluid in dem zweiten Arbeitsraum (8) angeordnet ist.
id-DE102013219607A1    abstract-Energiespeicher (1) zur Speicherung von Energie mittels einer elastischen Verformung wenigstens eines elastisch verformbaren Speicherteils (2) aus einem elastischen Feststoffmaterial, umfassend eine Ein- und Auslassöffnung (4, 5) zum Ein- und Ausleiten eines Hydraulikfluides, insbesondere einer Hydraulikflüssigkeit, das wenigstens eine elastisch verformbare Speicherteil (2), so dass mittels eines Ein- und Ausleiten des Hydraulikfluides in und aus dem Energiespeicher das elastische Speicherteil (2) elastisch verformbar ist, das wenigstens eine Speicherteil (2) einen im Volumen variablen Arbeitsraum (8) einschließt und das Hydraulikfluid in dem Arbeitsraum (8) angeordnet ist, so dass mittels eines Einleitens des Hydraulikfluides in den Arbeitsraum (8) bei einer Vergrößerung des Volumens des Arbeitsraumes (8) das elastische Feststoffmaterial dehnbar ist und mittels eines Ausleiten des Hydraulikfluides aus dem Arbeitsraum (8) bei einer Verkleinerung des Volumens des Arbeitsraumes (8) das elastische Feststoffmaterial negativ dehnbar ist, wobei das wenigstens eine Speicherteil (2) im Wesentlichen in der Form einer Spirale angeordnet ist.
id-FR3010742A1    abstract-Un dispositif hydraulique (D) comprend i) un premier réceptacle haute pression (R1) subdivisé par un premier piston (PI1) en une première partie (P11), contenant un premier fluide compressible, et une deuxième partie (P12), contenant un premier fluide incompressible et munie d'une entrée/sortie couplée à une première entrée/sortie (E1) d'une machine hydraulique (MH), et ii) un second réceptacle basse pression (R2) subdivisé par une première sous-partie (SP1) d'un second piston (PI2), présentant une première section, en une troisième partie (P21), contenant un second fluide compressible, et une quatrième partie (P22), contenant un deuxième fluide incompressible et munie d'une entrée/sortie couplée à une seconde entrée/sortie (E2) de la machine hydraulique (MH). Le second piston (PI2) comprend en outre une seconde sous-partie (SP2) solidarisée fixement à la première sous-partie (SP1), présentant une seconde section strictement inférieure à la première section, et logée à coulissement dans les première (P11) et troisième (P21) parties.
id-CN104454795A    abstract-本发明提供建筑机械，能够提高再生能量的生成效率。在步骤S2中，判定是否满足“R H ×P H ＜R L+H ×P L+H ”的式子。当在该步骤S2中判定为不满足“R H ×P H ＜R L   +H ×P L+H ”的式子时，在步骤S11中，维持电磁阀(79)的关闭。另一方面，当在步骤S2中判定为满足“R H ×P H ＜R L+H ×P L+H ”的式子时，在下一步骤S3中，打开电磁阀(79)。由此，能够防止通过发电机而生成的再生能量减少。另外，“R H ×P H ”对应于利用高压的回油而得到的能量，另一方面，“R L+H ×P L+H ”对应于高压的回油和低压的回油汇合而得到的能量。
id-DE112014004682T5    abstract-Ein Steuerungssystem (100) für eine Hybridbaumaschine hat erste und zweite Hauptpumpen (MP1, MP2) zum Zuführen von Arbeitsöl, einen Auslegerzylinder (BC), der durch Zufuhr des Arbeitsöls zu einer kolbenseitigen Kammer (25) ausfährt und einen Ausleger anhebt, und der durch Abgeben des Arbeitsöls von der kolbenseitigen Kammer (25) einfährt und den Ausleger absenkt, ein regeneratives Schieberventil (26), das durch einen Druck eines Vorsteuerdrucköls gesteuert wird und einen Durchfluss des von der kolbenseitigen Kammer (25) abgegebenen Arbeitsöls einstellt, einen regenerativen Motor (M) für die Regeneration, der durch das von der kolbenseitigen Kammer (25) abgegebene Arbeitsöl gedreht wird, eine elektrische Rotationsmaschine (35), die mit dem regenerativen Motor (M) verbunden ist, und ein Fehlersicherungsschaltventil (60), das mit einem Druck eines regenerativen Durchlasses (27a) zwischen dem regenerativen Steuerungsschieberventil (26) und dem regenerativen Motor (M) als ein Vorsteuerdruck schaltet und den Druck des Vorsteuerdrucköls zu dem regenerativen Steuerungsschieberventil (26) absenkt, sodass ein Durchfluss des von der kolbenseitigen Kammer (25) abgegebenen Arbeitsöls gedrosselt wird, falls der Druck des regenerativen Durchlasses (27a) niedriger als ein Stelldruck ist.
id-US20160250595A1    abstract-An energy recovery device is provided in a seawater desalination system for desalinating seawater by removing salinity from the seawater. A pressure exchange chamber for pressurizing seawater by a pressure of concentrated seawater discharged from a reverse-osmosis membrane-separation apparatus includes a first supply and discharge port connected to a switching valve for performing supply and discharge of liquid, a second supply and discharge port connected to a directional control valve for performing supply and discharge of liquid, a flow resistor provided at the first supply and discharge port side in the chamber and configured to regulate the flow, and a flow resistor provided at the second supply and discharge port side in the chamber and configured to regulate the flow, and a flowmeter provided between the two flow resistors and configured to measure a flow rate of the liquid in the chamber.
id-JP6112559B2    abstract-
id-JP2015090193A    abstract-【課題】アキュムレータ圧が上昇したときに流体圧シリンダが速度低下する問題を、操作性を悪化させる回路切換で対処することなく解決でき、かつ、効率の良いエネルギ再利用を可能にする流体圧回路を提供する。【解決手段】エンジン11により駆動されるメインポンプ12，13と、メインポンプ12，13から供給する作動油により作動するピストン7cpおよびこのピストン7cpで区画形成した一方の室7chおよび他方の室7crを有するブームシリンダ7c1と、ブームシリンダ7c1の一方の室7chから押し出した作動油を蓄圧するアキュムレータ61と、アキュムレータ61での蓄圧が進んでアキュムレータ圧が上昇したときにアキュムレータ61から作動油を吸い込むアシストポンプモータ15とを具備した流体圧回路である。【選択図】図１
id-CN105683587A    abstract-本发明提供一种能够在蓄积器正蓄积液压流体时节省泵流量的液压回路。该液压回路包括：一对通过在主泵(12和13)的压力下供应的液压油同时执行相同操作的动臂油缸(7c1和7c2)；液压油的压力蓄积于其中的蓄积器(61)；将从动臂油缸(7c1)中挤出的液压油的压力蓄积于蓄积器(61)中的压力蓄积电路(A)；以及将从另一动臂油缸(7c2)中挤出的液压油回收至动臂油缸(7c1和7c2)中的回收电路(B)。
