id-EP2899464B1    abstract-
id-US20170130594A1    abstract-A gas turbine has a compressor, a central housing, at least one combustion chamber, an expansion turbine, and a heat exchanger. Each combustion chamber is fluidically connected to the expansion turbine via an inner housing which is guided through the interior of the central housing. The compressor is fluidically separated from the interior of the central housing by an annular collection chamber connected to an outlet of the compressor and which has a number of discharge lines which are connected to the cold side of the heat exchanger during operation. Each combustion chamber is designed as a silo combustion chamber, and each silo combustion chamber has an inner wall, which delimits a combustion chamber, and an outer wall, and the outer wall surrounds the inner wall, thereby forming a cavity. The inner wall transitions into the inner housing, and the cavity transitions into the interior of the central housing.
id-WO2015150092A1    abstract-Die Erfindung gibt eine Gasturbine (1) an, welche einen Verdichter (2), ein Mittelgehäuse (12), wenigstens eine Brennkammer (22), eine Expansionsturbine (20), und einen Wärmetauscher umfasst, wobei die oder jede Brennkammer (22) mit der Expansionsturbine (20) strömungstechnisch über ein Innengehäuse (16) verbunden ist, welches durch den Innenraum (10) des Mittelgehäuses (12) geführt ist, wobei der Verdichter (2) gegen den Innenraum (10) des Mittelgehäuses (12) strömungstechnisch durch eine ringförmige Sammelkammer (14) abgegrenzt wird, welche mit einem Auslass (8) des Verdichters (2) verbunden ist, und welche eine Anzahl von Ableitungen (40) aufweist, die im Betrieb mit der Kaltseite (64) des Wärmetauschers (62) verbunden sind, wobei von der oder jeder Ableitung (40) über einen Bypass (56, 58) eine direkte strömungstechnische Verbindung zum Innenraum (10) des Mittelgehäuses (12) herstellbar ist.
id-EP2927596A1    abstract-Die Erfindung nennt eine Silobrennkammer (1) für eine im Betrieb an einen Wärmetauscher (54) koppelbare Gasturbine (46), umfassend ein durch eine innere Wandung (2) und einen Flammrohrboden (8) gebildetes Flammrohr (12), welches einen Brennraum (10) begrenzt, eine äußere Wandung (6), welche die innere Wandung (2) unter Ausbildung eines Hohlraumes (4) umgibt, eine die äußere Wandung (6) zumindest abschnittsweise umlaufende Ringkammer (20), welche eine Anzahl von Zuleitungen (22) aufweist, wobei die Zuleitungen (22) im Betrieb der Gasturbine (46) strömungstechnisch mit der Warmseite (57) eines Wärmetauschers (54) koppelbar sind, und eine Anzahl von Brennern (24), welche jeweils ausgangsseitig durch eine Öffnung (26) im Flammrohrboden (8) in den Brennraum (10) münden und deren Sauerstoffversorgung (34) strömungstechnisch mit der Ringkammer (20) verbunden sind.
id-US20150345401A1    abstract-Systems and methods for preheating fuel in a gas turbine engine are provided. In one embodiment, a system may include a gas turbine engine, a fuel line in fluid communication with the gas turbine engine, a gas turbine compartment disposed about the gas turbine engine, and a first conduit in fluid communication with the gas turbine compartment. The first conduit may include ventilation discharge air from the gas turbine compartment. The system also may include a first heat exchanger in communication with the fuel line and the first conduit. The first heat exchanger may be configured to exchange heat between the fuel and the ventilation discharge air from the gas turbine compartment.
id-CN106661955A    abstract-本发明的目的在于提供一种方法和一种用于实施该方法的系统，以减少电能生产中往复式燃烧发动机和燃气涡轮机的缺点。本发明基于下述理念：将燃烧室(10)布置在涡轮机(22)外面，并从串联连接的压缩机向该燃烧室提供压缩空气，以便执行用高压蒸汽脉冲补偿的燃烧过程。燃烧室(10)布置成从串联连接的压缩机(24)的每个压缩级接收压缩空气，以便逐渐增加燃烧室(10)中压缩空气的量。
id-US10669933B2    abstract-A drive architecture comprises a rotor and a gearbox for driving the rotor. A pair of input gears provides rotational drive to the gearbox. A first recuperative cycle engine drives one of the pair of gears and a second engine drives the other of the pair of gears. The first recuperative cycle engine and the second engine are both gas turbine engines. A power takeoff from a drive shaft of the second engine supplies rotational drive to drive at least one component in the first recuperative cycle drive.
id-AU2019201409B2    abstract-The present disclosure relates a method for heating a recirculating gas stream comprising passing a heated exhaust gas stream through a recuperative heat exchanger to withdraw heat therefrom and form a cooled gas stream; separating the cooled gas stream into at least a first fraction and a second fraction; compressing the first fraction of the cooled gas stream to form a compressed first fraction gas stream; compressing the second fraction of the gas stream so as to add heat to the second fraction of the gas stream and form a compressed second fraction gas stream; combining the compressed first fraction gas stream and the compressed second fraction gas stream to form a combined recirculating gas stream; and pumping the combined recirculating gas stream to a pressure that is greater than a pressure of the compressed first fraction gas stream and greater than a pressure of the compressed second fraction gas stream; wherein the combined recirculating gas stream is heated using the heat withdrawn from the heated exhaust gas stream and the heat added to the second fraction of the gas stream.  11134095_1 (GHMatters) P104931.AU.13/3 Ln 00 Ln LM Ln M IF 10 rq Ln N A IL tD N Ln Q0 IF IF TL, 00 00 cli ;:ONO,\ r4 M Ivy IF Ln d LL Ln r4 Imt I w I m 00 en Ln Ln Ln en C4 M NAt 4Iq 00 Ln 4C4 NN 'o 04 L\ InT
id-US20160010589A1    abstract-A gas turbine engine propulsion system in which a first propulsive unit has a core engine and a first low pressure turbine arranged to be driven by combustion products from the core engine. The first propulsive unit also has a first fan rotor and a first fan shaft drivingly connecting the first turbine and the first fan rotor. The propulsion system also has a further turbine arranged in flow series with the first turbine and a second propulsive unit spaced from the first propulsive unit. The second propulsive unit has a second fan rotor driven by the rotational output of the further turbine. The further turbine may be located in the second propulsive unit and may be in fluid communication with the first turbine via an inter-turbine duct.
id-JP2016033360A    abstract-【課題】建設コストと発電コストを低減すると共に、化石燃料を使用しない太陽熱空気タービン発電システムを提供する。【解決手段】空気を吸入して昇圧させる圧縮機と、集光器で集めた太陽光の熱により圧縮機で昇圧された圧縮空気を加熱して昇温させる受熱器と、受熱器で加熱された圧縮空気を導入して圧縮機と発電機とを駆動する空気タービンと、圧縮機と受熱器との間に設けられ、空気タービンからの排気を加熱媒体として圧縮機で昇圧された圧縮空気を加熱する再生熱交換器と、圧縮機と再生熱交換器との間に設けられ、圧縮空気の流量を再生熱交換器側と空気タービンの入口側であるバイパス側とに分配する分配装置とを備えた太陽熱空気タービン発電システムにおいて、加熱媒体として再生熱交換器へ流入する空気タービンからの排気流量を調節することで、空気タービンの入口の空気温度を一定に制御する制御装置を備えた。【選択図】 図１
id-US20160025007A1    abstract-A plate heat exchanger having a plurality of plates with sinusoidal undulations and two chimneys positioned at two opposite corners of the plates. Modules are formed by assembling together pairs of plates, the modules being stacked so as to make contact via the inlet and outlet chimneys in order to form the heat exchanger. The sinusoidal undulations form a first angle β with the flow direction of the fluids in the heat exchanger, the first angle β increasing in the flow direction of a first fluid through the modules. Furthermore, each plate has two distribution zones for distributing the first fluid in the modules in the proximity of each inlet or outlet chimney in order to make the filling and the discharge of the modules by the first fluid more uniform.
id-CN105370409A    abstract-涡轮机系统包括：压缩机部分，其具有至少一个压缩机采气件；涡轮部分，其操作地连接至压缩机部分；以及燃烧器组件，其包括流体地连接至压缩机部分和涡轮部分的至少一个燃烧器。余热回收蒸汽发生器(HRSG)流体地连接至涡轮部分，并且空气输入系统流体地连接至压缩机部分。进气抽气加热(IBH)系统流体地连接至压缩机部分、空气输入系统以及HRSG中的每一个。进气抽气加热(IBH)系统包括：第一管道，其具有流体地连接压缩机采气件和空气输入系统的第一阀；以及第二管道，其包括将HRSG和次级蒸汽源中的一个与第一管道连接的第二阀。
id-US10233838B2    abstract-A gas turbine engine that includes a compressor, a turbine, a heat exchanger, and a combustor. The compressor is mounted on a rotating shaft with at least one rotor with an inlet and an outlet, and at least one diffuser downstream from each rotor. The turbine includes at least one stator, and at least one rotor with an inlet and outlet located downstream of each stator, and mounted on the rotating shaft as the at least one of the compressor rotors. The inlet of the compressor rotor faces toward the outlet of the turbine rotor. The heat exchanger is configured to preheat the compressed air leaving the compressor by transferring heat from the turbine exhaust. The combustor can be configured for mixing fuel with the compressed air, either upstream or downstream from the heat exchanger, and further configured for igniting the preheated fuel/air mixture located downstream from the heat exchanger.
id-US20170284336A1    abstract-A container-type compressed air storage power generation device ( 2 ) comprises compressors ( 5   a - 5   c ); a tank ( 8 ); power generators ( 9   a - 9   c ); a control device ( 12 ); and a container ( 4 ). The compressors ( 5   a - 5   c ) compress air. The tank ( 8 ) is driven by air supplied from the compressors ( 5   a - 5   c ). The power generators ( 9   a - 9   c ) are driven by air supplied from the tank ( 8 ). The control device drives and controls the compressors ( 5   a - 5   c ) and the power generators ( 9   a - 9   c ). The container ( 4 ) houses the compressors ( 5   a - 5   c ) and the power generators ( 9   a - 9   c ), and the tank ( 8 ) is disposed outside the container ( 4 ). Therefore, the container-type compressed air storage power generation device ( 2 ) is easy to transport and construct on-site.
id-AU2015234309A1    abstract-A gas turbine facility 10 in an embodiment includes: a combustor 20; a fuel nozzle 21; a turbine 22; a heat exchanger 24 cooling the combustion gas. The gas turbine 5 facility 10 includes: a pipe 42 guiding a part of the cooled combustion gas to an oxidant supply pipe; a pipe 44 passing a mixed gas composed of the oxidant and the combustion gas through the heat exchanger 24 to heat it, and guising it to the fuel nozzle 21; a pipe 40 passing another part of the cooled combustion gas through the heat exchanger 24 to heat it, and guiding it to the combustor 20; a pipe 45 passing still another part of the cooled combustion 10 gas through the heat exchanger 24 to heat it, and guiding it to the fuel nozzle 21; and a pipe 46 exhausting a remaining part of the cooled combustion gas. (Y) CC~i F"C\i 00 C\ i LrCV) (Y) CC~i J,7)
id-AU2015310878A1    abstract-The invention relates to a method for generating a mechanical output and producing hydrocarbons in a combined manner. At least one internal combustion engine (1) is fired, thereby obtaining a combustion exhaust gas (c), in order to generate the mechanical output, and at least one reactor (2) is heated using a fuel (e) and a combustion-supporting gas (d) in order to produce the hydrocarbons. At least one part of the combustion-supporting gas (d) is heated by means of an indirect heat exchange with at least one part of the combustion exhaust gas (c) of the internal combustion engine (1). The invention likewise relates to a corresponding system (100, 200).
id-US11684974B2    abstract-A ducted heat exchanger system for a gas turbine engine includes an additive manufactured heat exchanger core with a contoured external and/or internal geometry. A method of additively manufacturing a heat exchanger for a gas turbine engine includes additively manufacturing a core of a heat exchanger to set a ratio of local surface area to flow area to control a pressure drop per unit length along the core.
id-JP6174657B2    abstract-
id-WO2016055278A1    abstract-Eine (Mikro-)Gasturbinenanordnung weist eine Gasturbinenvorrichtung (12) mit einem Brennkammersystem (28), einer durch einen Abgasstrom (32) des Brennkammersystems angetriebenen Turbine (30) und einem Verdichter (22) zum Versorgen des Brennkammersystems mit einem verdichteten Oxidationsmittelstrom (24) sowie einen Rekuperator (18) zum Übertragen zumindest eines Teils der thermischen Leistung des Abgasstroms (32) der Turbine (30) auf den verdichteten Oxidationsmittelstrom (24) auf. Außerdem sind wenigstens einen Bypass (34, 36) zum Umleiten zumindest eines Teils des Oxldationsmittelstroms (24) oder des Abgasstroms (32) um wenigstens einen Wärmetauscher (52) des Rekuperators (18) und wenigstens ein Steuerelement (44, 46) zum Einstellen des Durchflusses durch den wenigstens einen Bypass (44, 46) vorgesehen, um die abgegebene Wärmemenge der Gasturbinenanordnung im Auslegungspunkt anpassen zu können und so den Nutzungsgrad eines Kraft-Wärme-Kopplungssystem mit einer solchen Gasturbinenanordnung verbessern zu können.
id-WO2016064785A1    abstract-A co-generation process for a regenerator in an FCC system having a reactor and a regenerator includes the steps of introducing flue gas from the regenerator into a heating unit at a first location of the heating unit, and introducing an oxygen / fuel gas mixture into the heating unit at a second location of the heating unit apart from the first location, and combusting the oxygen / fuel gas mixture in the heating unit at the second location to form a hot combustion gas. The process further includes the steps of combining the hot combustion gas and the flue gas at a third location of the heating unit apart from the first location to produce heated flue gas, heating water and/or steam with the heated flue gas to produce a heated steam, and introducing the heated steam into a turbine to extract energy from the heated steam.
id-EP3015661A1    abstract-The present invention generally relates to a combined cycle power plant. More in particular, the present invention relates to a plant where the temperature of the flow of gas exiting the turbine is lowered without the need of employing high cost nickel alloys within the heat recovery steam generator.
id-US9777630B2    abstract-The present invention discloses a novel apparatus and methods for augmenting the power of a gas turbine engine, improving gas turbine engine operation, and reducing the response time necessary to meet changing demands of an electrical grid. Improvements in power augmentation and engine operation include systems and methods for providing rapid response given a change in electrical grid.
