id-EP2247906B1    abstract-
id-US8590653B2    abstract-The present invention is directed to an energy storage system comprised of a heat block having a relatively high specific energy capacity. The heat block can be used, for example, with a regenerative braking system for gas turbine powered vehicles to improve fuel efficiency.
id-US7775031B2    abstract-A recuperator for use in transferring heat from gas turbine exhaust gases to compressed air inlet gases before combustion. The recuperator utilizes a plurality (e.g., thousands) of microtubes or microchannels to form a heat exchanger having high effectiveness and low pressure drop while maintaining a low weight. Accordingly, the recuperator presented herein may be incorporated into light aircraft and helicopters without significantly compromising the performance thereof.
id-EP2119893A2    abstract-An integrated heat exchanger assembly for a gas turbine engine includes a first flow path, a second flow path, and a third flow path. The first flow path is configured to be coupled to a compressor and a combustor, to receive compressed air from the compressor, and to supply the compressed air to the combustor. The second flow path is configured to be coupled to the compressor or the first flow path, or both, to receive compressed air therefrom, and to be coupled to the combustor and to supply compressed air thereto. The third flow path is disposed adjacent to the first and second flow paths, and is configured to be coupled to an exhaust section, to receive exhaust air therefrom, and to allow heat transfer from the exhaust air in the third flow path to the compressed air in the first and second flow paths.
id-ES2316314B1    abstract-Intercambiador de calor regenerativo y turbinaque incorpora dicho intercambiador  de calor.      Este intercambiador de calor se aplica a latransferencia de calor entre  un flujo de fluido caliente y defluido frío, a distinta presión y comprende  una o más parejas deconjuntos de intercambio térmico, con unos sumideros  de calor en eltrayecto de los flujos caliente y frío y dos únicas entradas/salidas diferenciadas y funcionalmente intercambiables por cada conjunto,así como  medios para alimentar, direccionar y sellar selectivamenteun flujo de  fluido frío y un flujo de fluido caliente,alternadamente a uno u otro  de los citados conjuntos de intercambiotérmico, produciéndose dicha alternancia  de los flujos tanto en unadisposición de flujos paralelos como en una  disposición de flujos acontracorriente a través de dichos conjuntos de  intercambiotérmico.      Se incluye además una turbina que incorporadicho intercambiador térmico  implementado en su ciclooperativo.
id-US20100054926A1    abstract-A thermal management system includes: a turbine assembly including an inlet housing, a compressor in fluid communication with the inlet housing, a power turbine in fluid communication with the compressor, and an exhaust assembly in fluid communication with the power turbine; and at least one heat pipe having a first portion disposed in thermal communication with the inlet housing and a second portion disposed in thermal communication with the exhaust assembly, the at least one heat pipe configured to transfer thermal energy from the exhaust assembly to at least one of input gas entering the inlet housing and at least one component of the inlet housing.
id-US9109513B2    abstract-A loss of heat that can be recovered in a heat recovery steam generator is eliminated, whereby a combined cycle electric power generation plant with high heat recovery efficiency is provided. A combined cycle electric power generation plant is adopted that includes a heat recovery steam generator  30  that generates steam for driving a steam turbine  20  using heat of exhaust gas of a gas turbine  10 , a cooling air cooler  71  that causes high-pressure feed water supplied from a low-pressure economizer  37  of the heat recovery steam generator  30  and compressed air for turbine cooling extracted from a compressor  11  of the gas turbine  10  to perform heat exchange to heat the high-pressure feed water to thereby cool the compressed air, and a fuel gas heater  72  that causes the compressed air cooled in the cooling air cooler  71  and a fuel gas of the gas turbine  10  to perform heat exchange to further cool the compressed air to thereby heat the fuel gas.
id-US20100101543A1    abstract-An embodiment of the present invention may take the form of a system that may use the heat removed from an exhaust stream during an exhaust gas recirculation process to heat the fuel consumed by a turbomachine.
id-CN102224332B    abstract-本发明涉及一种用于将例如来自煤、生物质等的热能变换成机械功的燃气涡轮机(10)，包括带有相关联的管道系统的压缩机单元(11)、涡轮机单元(13、燃烧室(15)和热交换器(14)。燃气涡轮机(10)以下述方式构造，即：热量借助于来自燃烧室(15)的热废气被供应至压缩机单元(11)与涡轮机单元(13)之间的空气流，并被带入布置在压缩机单元(11)与涡轮机单元(13)之间的压缩室(12)。
id-US7861510B1    abstract-A high temperature heat exchanger for use with a small gas turbine engine to produce a combined cycle power plant, where the heat exchanger includes ceramic heat exchange tubes of SiC that are tightly fitted to the heat exchanger so that no welds or brazing is used and prevent any thermal stresses between the tubes and the heat exchanger end plates or baffle plates. The heat exchanger includes an inner casing and an outer casing with the heat exchange tubes extending through the heat exchanger between the two casings, and the gas turbine engine operating in the space within the inner casing. The tubes are tightly fitted in holes within the end plates and baffle plates, and a molybdenum disulfide coating is used to form a seal.
