id-US9494078B2    abstract-The present invention is a prime mover with recovered energy driven compression for stationary and motor vehicle application. Efficient low compression operation, especially beneficial to small gas turbines, is enabled with either ambient or cryogenic intake air. Recovered energy, liquefied air cooling and re-liquefaction of air by a cryogenic sink minimize motive fluid compression work of a jet compressor driving exhaust gas recirculation. Regenerative heat exchanger terminal temperature difference relative to turbine temperature drop and heat exchanger surface area are reduced.
id-US20130186095A1    abstract-A gas turbine prime mover for stationary and motor vehicle application. The gas turbine employs jet compression energized by a pressurized motive fluid to entrain a depressurized suction fluid from the turbine discharge. Combined suction and motive fluids circulate through the combustor or other heating source and the turbine while motive fluid, separated from the turbine discharge, preheats pressurized motive fluid in a heat recovery recuperator or regenerator. Additional features include recovery of heat loss from heating source loss and sub-ambient compression cooling of motive fluid. Cycle efficiency of 70% is attained.
id-US20140069090A1    abstract-A prime mover with recovered energy driven compression for stationary and motor vehicle application. Efficient low compression operation, especially beneficial to small gas turbines, is enabled with either ambient or cryogenic intake air. Two features, exhaust gas recirculation by a jet-compressor and a heat of fusion sink to liquefy motive air to the jet-compressor, decrease regenerative heat exchanger terminal temperature difference relative to turbine temperature drop in low pressure operation while reducing heat exchanger surface area.
id-GB2498540A    abstract-A heat and electricity generating apparatus 201 is described, preferably for a boiler system 202 for use in a residential or small-scale building. The heat and electricity generating apparatus comprises an air compressor 203, a turbo-expander 204 and an electric generator 205 operatively connected by a rotatable drive shaft 206, and further comprises a high-pressure combustor 207, a first heat exchanger 208, and a second heat exchanger 209. In operation, a method of heat transfer is performed in which gas issued by the turbo-expander passes through the first heat exchanger, to heat compressed air issued by the centrifugal air compressor prior to entry into the high-pressure combustor, and then passes through the second heat exchanger, to heat a heat-conveying fluid. The heat conveying fluid may be a circulatory fluid of a central heating system 217 or a hot water supply system 215. The high pressure combustor may comprise a fuel port in fluid communication with one of; a gas fuel source, or a liquid fuel source 212.
id-CA2803638C    abstract-A heat recuperator includes a plurality of channel walls composed substantially of thermally-conductive material and supported in spaced-apart relation, defining fluid channels and interstices therebetween. The fluid channels receive at least one primary fluid flow and the interstices receive at least one secondary fluid flow so as to effect heat exchange between the two flows. In use, the plurality of channel walls are deformable by pressure differential between the primary and secondary fluid flows. When at least some of the channel walls are in a deformed state, the plurality of channel walls are stabilized through press fit engagement of mutually opposed contact regions formed in adjacent pairs of the channel walls.
id-US20150000295A1    abstract-The invention is directed to a process to obtain a compressed gas starting from a starting gas having a lower pressure by performing the following steps: (i) increasing the pressure and temperature of a gas having an intermediate pressure by means of indirect heat exchange against a fluid having a higher temperature to obtain a gas high in pressure and temperature, (ii) obtaining part of the gas high in temperature and pressure as the compressed gas, (iii) using another part of the gas high in temperature and pressure as a driving gas to increase the pressure of the starting gas in one or more stages to obtain the gas having an intermediate pressure for use in step (i). The invention is also directed to a configuration wherein the process can be performed and directed to a process to generate energy using the process.
id-EP2634483A3    abstract-In order to overcome the problems that earlier methods have experienced, a method for providing heat to a carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) post combustion capture process is proposed, comprising the steps: a) generating electricity from a boiler (A) by feeding steam from said boiler (A) to one or more turbines (B, C, D); b) feeding flue gas from said boiler (A) to a waste heat recovery unit (M); c) capturing heat in said waste heat recovery unit (M); and d) feeding heat to said post combustion capture process.
id-US9328660B2    abstract-Described herein are embodiments of systems and methods for oxidizing gases. In some embodiments, a reaction chamber is configured to receive a fuel gas and maintain the gas at a temperature within the reaction chamber that is above an autoignition temperature of the gas. The reaction chamber may also be configured to maintain a reaction temperature within the reaction chamber below a flameout temperature. In some embodiments, heat and product gases from the oxidation process can be used, for example, to drive a turbine, reciprocating engine, and injected back into the reaction chamber.
id-EP2636982B1    abstract-
id-US9359947B2    abstract-Described herein are embodiments of systems and methods for oxidizing gases. In some embodiments, a reaction chamber is configured to receive a fuel gas and maintain the gas at a temperature within the reaction chamber that is above an autoignition temperature of the gas. The reaction chamber may also be configured to maintain a reaction temperature within the reaction chamber below a flameout temperature. In some embodiments, heat and product gases from the oxidation process can be used, for example, to drive a turbine, reciprocating engine, and injected back into the reaction chamber.
id-US9273608B2    abstract-Described herein are embodiments of systems and methods for oxidizing gases. In some embodiments, a reaction chamber is configured to receive a fuel gas and maintain the gas at a temperature within the reaction chamber that is above an autoignition temperature of the gas. The reaction chamber may also be configured to maintain a reaction temperature within the reaction chamber below a flameout temperature. In some embodiments, heat and product gases from the oxidation process can be used, for example, to drive a turbine, reciprocating engine, and injected back into the reaction chamber.
id-KR20190118681A    abstract-본원에는 기체를 산화시키기 위한 시스템들과 방법들의 실시양태들이 기재되고 있다.  일부 실시양태들에서, 반응 챔버는, 연도 기체를 수용하고, 기체의 자가점화 온도 초과인 반응 챔버 내의 온도에서 기체를 유지하도록 구조화되어 있다.  또한, 반응 챔버는, 반응 챔버 내의 반응 온도를 연소정지 온도 미만으로 유지하도록 구조화되어 있다.  일부 실시양태들에서, 산화 공정으로부터의 열과 생성 기체들이 예컨대 터빈, 왕복 엔진을 구동하도록 사용되고, 반응 챔버로 역으로 주입된다.
id-ES2427648A1    abstract-Ciclo Brayton con refrigeración ambiental próxima a la isoterma crítica. Ciclo cerrado regenerativo, cuya temperatura mínima del fluido de trabajo es a su vez próxima a la temperatura crítica, pero superior a ella, y próxima a la temperatura ambiente usada para refrigeración del foco frío; seleccionándose el valor de la isóbara de alta en coincidencia con la denominada isóbara suprema, que presenta el máximo valor medio de calor específico a presión constante, dentro de la zona peri-crítica, por encima de la isoterma crítica, y delimitada en presión entre un quinto y cinco veces la presión crítica, fijando la isóbara de baja por proporcionar el máximo de una razón en la que el numerador es el trabajo específico, y el denominador es la suma de los valores absolutos de la variación de entalpía específica de cada etapa del ciclo.
id-NL1039452C2    abstract-
id-US20180058326A1    abstract-A method of cooling a gas fueled engine driven intercooled air compressor comprises providing the intercooled air compressor, a gearbox, and the gas fueled engine. The method includes flowing a liquid coolant from a liquid coolant supply to each of the gearbox and an intercooler of the intercooled air compressor. The method comprises recombining the liquid coolant after the gearbox and the intercooler. The method includes directing the recombined liquid coolant via multiple paths to cool the gas fueled engine. The method comprises recombining the liquid coolant after the liquid coolant has passed through the multiple paths.
id-US9765693B2    abstract-The present invention discloses a novel apparatus and methods for controlling an air injection system for augmenting the power of a gas turbine engine, improving gas turbine engine operation, and reducing the response time necessary to meet changing demands of a power plant. Improvements in control of the air injection system include ways directed towards preheating the air injection system, including using an gas turbine components, such as an inlet bleed heat system to aid in the preheating process.
id-US20140020402A1    abstract-In one embodiment, a turbine using CO 2  includes moving blades, stator blades, a working fluid transport flow path, a coolant transport flow path, and a coolant recovery flow path. The stator blades constitute turbine stages together with the moving blades. The working fluid transport flow path is configured to transport the working fluid sequentially to the turbine stages. The coolant transport flow path is configured to transport the coolant by allowing the coolant to sequentially pass through the inside of the stator blades from an upstream to a downstream of the working fluid. The coolant recovery flow path is configured to recover the coolant passing through the inside of the stator blade at a predetermined turbine stage and merge the recovered coolant with the working fluid transport flow path at a turbine stage on an upstream side of the predetermined turbine stage.
id-WO2014016498A1    abstract-Le turbomoteur (1) comprend un turbocompresseur (2) dont le compresseur centrifuge (61) et la turbine de turbocompresseur (62) sont reliés par un canal de régénération-combustion (34) lequel comprend une chambre de combustion continue (35) dans laquelle un carburant est brûlé, et un conduit d'amenée de vapeur postcombustion (94) relié à un condenseur-régénérateur de vapeur à contre courant (88), ledit canal (34) étant également relié à l'entrée d'une turbine motrice de détente (3) par un conduit (66), tandis que ledit canal (34) comporte un échangeur air/mélange à contre-courant de régénération (30) qui réchauffe un air atmosphérique expulsé dans ledit canal (34) par le compresseur centrifuge (61) avec un mélange gaz-vapeur expulsé via un conduit d'échappement gaz- vapeur de turbine motrice de détente (70) par ladite turbine (62) et ladite turbine motrice de détente (3).
id-KR20150038481A    abstract-재생 열 에너지 시스템은, 상부 유입부(116), 하부 유입부(120), 및 바닥 방출부(130)를 포함하는 열 교환 반응기(110)를 포함한다.  시스템은 또한 하부 유입부에서 적어도 하나의 열 교환 반응기와 연통하도록 커플링되는 적어도 하나의 유체 소스(122)를 포함한다.  시스템은 또한 상부 유입부에서 적어도 하나의 열 교환 반응기와 연통하도록 커플링되는 적어도 하나의 저온 입자 저장 소스(118)를 포함한다.  시스템은 또한 바닥 방출부 및 상부 유입부 각각에서 열 교환 반응기와 연통하도록 커플링되는 적어도 하나의 열 에너지 저장(TES) 용기(160)를 포함한다.  열 교환 반응기는 고체 입자들과 유체 사이의 직접적인 접촉 및 대향류 열 교환을 용이하게 하도록 구성된다.
id-WO2014020277A1    abstract-Dispositif de stockage et de restitution d'énergie électrique comprenant : • des moyens de compression (1) de l'air atmosphérique, • des moyens de chauffage électrothermiques (2), • un dispositif (5) de stockage de l'air, • un dispositif de stockage de chaleur (3), • des moyens de détente (8), • un ensemble des canalisations permettant la circulation de l'air entre les différents composants de l'installation et des dispositifs de contrôle et de commande nécessaires à son fonctionnement.
id-US10107199B2    abstract-The invention relates generally to electrical power systems, including generating capacity of a gas turbine, and more specifically to pressurized air injection that is useful for providing additional electrical power during periods of peak electrical power demand from a gas turbine system power plant, as well as to inlet heating to allow increased engine turn down during periods of reduced electrical demand.
id-IN2015DN03871A    abstract-
id-EP2728144A2    abstract-A recuperator (24) inserted in the exhaust duct (18) of a gas turbine engine (10) includes a casing (30) surrounding a core (28) having spiral cross channels. Inlet and outlet openings are defined in the casing (30) for the passage of hot exhaust gases (E) through the exhaust channels in the core (28). Feeder members (38) extend radially across the outlet opening for passing the pre-combustion stage air (P3) through the air channels of the core (28), and header (38) members extend radially across the inlet opening of the casing (30) for receiving and redirecting air from the air channels in the core (28) towards the combustor section (14). The feeder (38) and header (40) members each have a tapered configuration from the casing (30) to the axial center of the casing (30) so as to maintain a relatively constant pressure over the radial extent of the respective feeders (38) and headers (40).
