id-US20210277827A1    abstract-A system includes a housing for a gas turbine engine, and a fan disposed in the housing to rotate coaxially with a gas turbine included in the housing. The system also includes an inlet guide vane disposed in the housing in axial alignment with the fan and configured to have an open position where a first flow of air is received by the fan through the inlet guide vane, and a closed position where airflow through the inlet guide vane is obstructed. The system further includes a heat exchanger disposed in a supply passage in fluid communication with a second flow of air received by the fan. The second flow of air is received by the fan via the supply passage with the inlet guide vane in the open position or in the closed position.
id-ES2776024A1    abstract-Sistema termodinámico con ciclo cerrado, con refrigeraciones regenerativas a contracorriente, para generar energía mecánica en uno o varios ejes, a partir de flujos externos de fluidos calientes, que consiste en un ciclo de generación de potencia mecánica, de desarrollo dextrógiro en un diagrama presión (en ordenadas) temperatura (en abscisas) con una fase de calentamiento en un intercambiador alimentado térmicamente por un fluido exterior, una fase de múltiples expansiones en cascada de turbinas monoetapa, y una fase de compresión en múltiples compresores monoetapa, y que además consta de un ciclo de termorreparación, que refrigera a contracorriente los difusores de los compresores, en paralelo entre ellos, y refrigera secuencialmente a las toberas de las turbinas, de forma regenerativa, recuperando ese calor en el foco caliente.
id-EP3885540A1    abstract-A thermodynamic apparatus (10) comprising a compressor module (100), a turbine module (200), and a regenerative heat exchanger (300) centred on a central axis (12). The compressor module (100), turbine module (200) and regenerative heat exchanger (300) are arranged in series along the central axis (12) such that the regenerative heat exchanger (300) is provided between the compressor module (100) and the turbine module (200).
id-GB2593531A    abstract-Thermodynamic apparatus operable as a heat pump or heat engine 10 comprises a compressor module 100, turbine module 200 and a recuperator-type heat exchanger 300 centred on a central axis or shaft 12, 14, with the heat exchanger physically located between the compressor and turbine modules. In use, working fluid passes through the compressor module, heat exchanger and turbine in series, and then passes back through the heat exchanger to the compressor in a closed cycle. The compressor and turbine may comprise their own respective heat exchangers 110, 210 connected to either a hot source H or a cold source C depending on whether the apparatus is operated as a heat pump or heat engine. The compressor and turbine modules may comprise one or more rotor stages, with their respective heat exchangers provided adjacent to the rotor blades.
id-KR20230007454A    abstract-멀티 모드 추진 시스템이 제공된다. 상기 멀티 모드 추진 시스템은, 제1 추진제를 분사하기 위한 적어도 하나의 추진제 이젝터 시스템 - 각각은: 추진제 공급원에 결합된 고속 유체 분사 노즐 및 입구 단부 - 상기 입구 단부는 상기 노즐로부터 분사되는 상기 제1 추진제를 수취하도록 상기 유체 분사 노즐과 유체 연통됨 - 와 출구 단부를 갖는 적어도 하나의 유체 흡입 부재를 포함하는 추진제-공기 혼합 시스템을 포함하고,상기 추진제-공기 혼합 시스템은 닫힌 위치와 열린 위치 사이에서 전환 가능하며, 상기 열린 위치에서 상기 입구는 추진제-공기 혼합물을 형성하기 위해 상기 추진제와 혼합되는 공기를 동반하고 상기 닫힌 위치에서 상기 공기 동반은 차단되며, 상기 제1 추진제는 산화제 및/또는 연료임, 연료를 연소시키기 위해 상기 적어도 하나의 추진제 이젝터 시스템의 하류에 위치된 적어도 하나의 연소기 - 상기 연소기는 상기 추진제 이젝터 시스템에 의해 분사되는 상기 제1 추진제를 수취하기 위해 상기 추진제-공기 혼합 시스템의 상기 출구 단부와 유체 연통되는 입구 부분, 및 연소 생성물들을 배출하기 위한 출구 부분을 가지며, 상기 연소기는 점화원에도 또한 연결됨, 선택적으로, 상기 연소기에 제2 추진제 - 상기 제2 추진제는 연료 및/또는 산화제임 - 를 주입하기 위해 상기 추진제 이젝터 시스템의 하류에 위치된 적어도 하나의 추진제 인젝터 및 상기 연소기의 출구 부분의 하류의 배기 노즐을 포함하며, 상기 연소기에서 연소하기 위한 상기 연료는 상기 연소기에 제공되는 고체 연료, 상기 적어도 하나의 추진제 인젝터로부터 주입되는 연료, 및/또는 상기 추진제 이젝터 시스템으로부터 분사되는 연료이다.
id-US20220003165A1    abstract-A heat exchanger for a gas turbine engine comprising a compressor, a combustor and a turbine. The heat exchanger comprising alternating hot and cold channels. Compressed air from the compressor flows through the cold channels and exhaust gas from the turbine flows through the hot channels. Each cold channel comprises first and second opposing surfaces conveying compressed air along a first path. Each cold channel comprises rows of vortex generators and pin fins extending from the first or second surfaces along the first path. The rows extend substantially perpendicular to the first path. Each hot channel is defined by a first and second opposing surfaces conveying exhaust gas along a second path substantially perpendicular to the first path. Each hot channel comprises rows of vortex generators and pin fins extending from the first or second surfaces along the second path. The rows extend substantially perpendicularly to the second path.
id-JP2022044548A    abstract-【課題】熱回収蒸気発生器を設けるために必要な費用および追加の空間なしに、ガスタービンエンジンの排気ガスから排気熱を回収するのに有用なガスタービンエンジン用の排気ダクトを提供する。【解決手段】サイレンサセクション１２を備える、ガスタービンエンジン５０用の排気ダクトが開示される。少なくとも２つの板状サイレンサバッフル２０が、サイレンサセクション１２の内側に設けられる。板状サイレンサバッフルの少なくとも１つは、熱交換流体を受け入れるのに適しており、排気ダクトの内部に対して漏れ防止である少なくとも１つの内部キャビティを備えるという点で、熱交換装置として構成され、少なくとも１つの内部キャビティは、入口ポートおよび出口ポートで排気ダクトの外側に流体的に接続される。【選択図】図１０
id-EP3929405A1    abstract-A micro turbine assembly (100) comprises a turbine, a compressor, and an electric power generator operating on a single shaft. The micro turbine assembly is designed segmenting the assembly into three subassemblies: a micro turbine engine subassembly (102), a micro turbine air sourcing housing subassembly (202), and a compressor air supply and electronics subassembly (302). The configuration enables efficient assembly, maintenance and repairs, as the operational components can be diagnosed at a high level and the subassembly can be exchanged quickly to optimize uptime. The micro turbine engine subassembly (102) includes an integrated ceramic compressor and turbine assembly (400) and an electric power generator (150) installed in a single unit that is slidably inserted within an interior of the micro turbine air sourcing housing subassembly. The compressor air supply and electronics subassembly is assembled to a respective end of the micro turbine air sourcing housing subassembly. The micro turbine creates compressed air, heated air, and electrical power.
id-US20230058456A1    abstract-A system may include a turbine and a recuperative heat exchanger system. The recuperative heat exchanger system is configured to receive exhaust gases from the turbine. The recuperative heat exchanger system may include a precool section to cool the exhaust gases, a major heating section to receive the cooled the exhaust gases, and a minor heating section to receive the cooled the exhaust gases.
id-EP3945202A1    abstract-A system includes a power cycle and a cooling cycle. The power cycle includes a first compressor (12), a recuperative heat exchanger (14), a waste-heat heat exchanger (16), and a turbine (18). The turbine (18) includes a drive shaft coupled to the first compressor. The working fluid from the waste-heat heat exchanger (16) drives the turbine (18), the drive shaft, and the first compressor (12). The recuperative heat exchanger (14) cools the working fluid from the turbine (18), and at least one ram-air heat exchanger further cools the working fluid from the recuperative heat exchanger (14). The first compressor (12) is configured to pressurize the working fluid from the at least one ram-air heat exchanger. The cooling cycle includes a pump (32), an isenthalpic valve (36), an ambient air heat exchanger (38), and a second compressor (40). The cooling cycle cools the working fluid and ambient air and is connected to the power cycle in the at least one ram-air heat exchanger.
id-WO2022043293A1    abstract-The invention concerns a jet-engine comprising an outer casing having an opening end for allowing inlet gas to enter therein, a combustor system comprising a combustor container enclosing a combustor chamber, a hot gas combustor inlet for allowing gas to enter within the combustor chamber and a fuel combustor inlet for allowing fuel to enter within the combustor chamber. A first end of the combustor container is arranged in fluid communication with an end of the outer casing opposite its opening end. The jet engine further comprises a fuel cell system employed to heat compressed gas prior to entering the combustor chamber and to provide electric power to electric components.
id-US11668235B2    abstract-A turbofan gas turbine engine comprises, in axial flow sequence, a heat exchanger module, an inlet duct, a fan assembly, a compressor module, and a turbine module. The fan assembly comprises a plurality of fan blades defining a fan diameter D, and the heat exchanger module comprises a plurality of heat transfer elements for transfer of heat from a first fluid contained within the heat transfer elements to an airflow passing over a surface of the heat transfer elements prior to entry of the airflow into the fan assembly.      In use, the first fluid has a maximum temperature of 80° C., and the heat exchanger module transfers at least 300 kW of heat energy from the first fluid to the airflow.
id-EP3988882A1    abstract-A heat exchanger includes a shell housing a plurality of tubes and defining an exhaust fluid flow path within a first volume enclosed by the shell. The outer surfaces of the plurality of tubes are in fluid communication with the exhaust fluid flow path. The heat exchanger includes a cap attached to a first end of the shell and defining a second volume. A header is configured to separate the first volume from the second volume, flex with thermal expansion, and define tube inlet and outlet positions. The tube inlets and outlets are in fluid communication with a source fluid flow path, and each tube is substantially U-shaped and defines a flow path of the source fluid within the exhaust fluid flow path. The heat exchanger includes at least one longitudinal flow baffle within the shell configured to reduce an amount of exhaust fluid that may bypass the tubes.
id-US20220136412A1    abstract-Disclosed is a hybrid power generation facility. The hybrid power generation facility includes a gas turbine including a compressor configured to compress air introduced from an outside, a combustor configured to mix the compressed air with fuel and to combust the air and fuel mixture, and a turbine configured to produce power with first combustion gas discharged from the combustor, a boiler including a combustion chamber and configured to burn a mixture of the first combustion gas and air, a first water heat exchanger configured to pass second combustion gas discharged from the boiler and to heat water through heat exchange with the second combustion gas, a water supply device configured to supply water to the first water heat exchanger, a steam turbine through which steam generated in the combustion chamber passes, and a first air preheater configured to pass second combustion gas discharged from the first water heat exchanger and to pass air supplied to the boiler.
id-US11326513B1    abstract-Disclosed is a hybrid power generation facility. The hybrid power generation facility includes a gas turbine including a compressor configured to compress air introduced from an outside, a combustor configured to mix the compressed air with fuel and to combust the air and fuel mixture, and a turbine configured to produce power with first combustion gas discharged from the combustor, a boiler configured to burn a mixture of the first combustion gas and air, a first water heat exchanger configured to pass second combustion gas discharged from the boiler and to heat water through heat exchange between the water and the second combustion gas, a water supply device configured to supply water to the first water heat exchanger, a steam turbine through which steam generated in the boiler passes, and a fuel heat exchanger configured to pass fuel supplied to the combustor and to pass a portion of water that is returned to the water supply device from the first water heat exchanger and has a higher temperature than the water supplied to the first water heat exchanger.
id-CN112474097A    abstract-本申请属于发动机维护技术领域，特别涉及一种航空发动机流道清洗喷射装置。包括：清洗管路，其上设置有清洗喷嘴及清洗进口；主杆，固定设置在清洗管路上，所述主杆上设置有固定铰接座与滑动铰接座；多个支撑座，沿主杆环向布置，每个支撑座通过第一支撑杆连接固定铰接座，通过第二支撑杆连接滑动铰接座，第一支撑杆、支撑座、固定铰接座之间均为铰接连接，第二支撑杆、支撑座、滑动铰接座之间均为铰接连接。本申请通过撑开两个支撑杆使支撑座与飞机进气道贴合紧密，从而将清洗管路固定在靠近燃气涡轮发动机进口的位置处，能更有效地对发动机进口进行清洗。
id-KR20230015482A    abstract-본 발명은 가스터빈 순산소연소, 배기냉각, 배기열회수 및 CO 2 포집 히트펌프 구성 장치와 (CO 2 중립) 운전방법에 관한 것으로, 산소와 질소가 냉매로 활용되며, 연소실에 순 산소만 주입되고, 작동유체로써 순환증기 또는 CO 2 가 연소실에 주입, 재순환되어 순산소연소가 구현되고, 터빈 배기가, 이미 냉각된 (갓 복수) 기(pre)-복수 및 냉매 산소로 냉각되어, 증기가 복수되고, CO 2 가 포집되며, 터빈 배기열이 전량 회수되고, 배기(증기)의 냉각 복수 효과로 터빈에서 높은 동력생산 효율이 구현되며, 또한, 포집된 CO 2 가 냉각수에 탄산수로 녹여지고 이 탄산수가 수소생산 시스템에 공급되어 수소가 생산되며, 이 수소와 냉매로 활용된 질소가, 수소 저장 수단으로써 최적의 매체인, 암모니아 제조 플랜트에 공급, 암모니아가 제조됨으로써, CO 2 중립이 경제적으로 실현되도록 구성된 것이 특징이다. 본 발명에서는, 순환 작동유체로써, 물(증기) 또는 CO 2 가 연소실로 재순환되어, (8H 2 O + 2O 2  + CH 4  = 8H 2 O + CO 2  + 2H 2 O), (8CO 2  + 2O 2  + CH 4  = 8CO 2  + CO 2  + 2H 2 O), 순산소연소가 구현되며, 터빈 배기는 HRSG를 경유하여 110℃로 강온되고, 배압 0.2bar로, 본 배기냉각기에 흡입되어, 증기는 복수 되고, CO 2 가 -13℃로 (포집) 배출된다. 증기는 막대한 (대기압 기준 539kcal/kg) 응축열 특성이 있어, 이를 냉각 복수하는 것이 쉽지 않으나, 본 발명에서는, 터빈 배기가, 이미 냉각 복수된 선행 (갓 복수) 기(pre)-복수로 냉각 복수된다. 즉, 기-복수가 증발하면서 기화열로, 후속 터빈 배기가 냉각 복수된다. 이 기-복수 증기는, 도 3에 도시한 바와 같이, 입구에 위치한 배기열흡수기로 압송되고, 터빈 110℃ 배기는, 이 배기의 냉각복수 효과로, 배압 (Back Pressure) 0.2bar로, 본 배기냉각기에 흡입되어, (포화온도 60.06℃) 60℃로 복수되고, 포화 온도인 기-복수는 터빈 110℃ 배기열로 증발하면서 터빈 배기열을 흡수하고, 90℃ 증기로 승온하게 된다. 이어 이 터빈 배기는, 냉기순환 배관으로 천장에서 내뿜는 냉기와, 천장 물분사 노즐에서, 이미 냉각된 복수로 내뿜는 수증기 물보라로, 직접 냉각되며, 중앙 (Vapor) 수증기냉각기에서, 튜브로 흐르는 냉매 산소로, 냉각 (0.2bar 60℃) 복수된다. 이어, 배기 CO 2 는 CO 2 냉각기에서, 냉매 산소로 -13℃로 냉각되어, 배큠펌프로 배출된다. 상기 (0.2bar 60℃) 복수는 냉매로써, 복수펌프로 상기 배기열 흡수기 튜브에 주입되어, 앞서 설명한 바와 같이, 터빈 배기를 냉각하며, 배기열을 흡수하고, 배큠 펌프에 흡입되어, 도 4에 보인 터빈 배기열 회수 시스템으로 압송되어, 이 기-복수 증기는, 히트펌프 수단으로, 다시 복수되고, 순환 작동유체로써 과열증기로 예열되어, 터빈 배기열이 전량 회수된다. 본 발명에서는, 연소로 생성된 CO 2 가, 대기로 방출되지 않고, 영하(-13℃)로 냉각 (포집) 배출되어, -50℃로 더 냉각되고, 연소로 생성된 증기로부터 냉각된 5℃ (복수) 냉각수와 촉매로써의 바닷물에, (Mixer) 혼합기에서 탄산수로 녹여지고, 이 탄산수가 (최근에 개발된) CO₂로 전기와 수소를 생산하는 시스템에 공급되어 수소가 생산되며, 생산된 이 수소와 냉매로 활용된 질소로 암모니아가 제조되어, 청정에너지 수소가 저장, 이송 수단으로써 최적의 매체인 암모니아(NH₃)에, 게다가 액체저장에 비하여 1.5배나 많은 분량이, 상온에서 8.6bar의 낮은 압력으로 저장됨으로써, 발전소에서 끊임없이 발생하는 이 (문제의) CO 2  중립을 경제적으로 실현할 수 있다.
id-WO2022109512A1    abstract-The present disclosure presents improved combustion turbine engine systems and related methods. One such system includes a turbine system comprising a high pressure compressor, a high pressure turbine, a combustor, and a recuperator. The system further includes a turbocharger system comprising a low pressure compressor and a low pressure turbine; an air cooler device that is configured to cool intake air output to the low pressure compressor; and a refrigeration system comprising a hot gas heat exchanger and a cold gas heat exchanger, wherein the refrigeration system receives combustion products from the turbine system and compressed air from the turbocharger system. The refrigeration system cools the combustion products and the compressed air to generate a cooled combustion product mixture that is provided to the turbine system, and the refrigeration system further generates steam that is provided to the turbine system. Other systems and methods are also presented.
id-FR3115821B1    abstract-La présente invention a pour objet un système de propulsion et de récupération de chaleur (1) comprenant un moteur à combustion interne (2) qui est configuré pour équiper un véhicule automobile et qui est pourvu d’une ligne d’alimentation (5) en air et d’une ligne d’échappement (7). Le système de propulsion et de récupération de chaleur (1) comprend un échangeur de chaleur (12) comportant un premier chemin de circulation (12a) interposé entre la ligne d’alimentation (5) et la ligne d’échappement (7) et un deuxième chemin de circulation (12b) en communication aéraulique avec la ligne d’échappement (7). Le système de propulsion et de récupération de chaleur (1) comprend un turbocompresseur (8) comportant un premier étage de compression (8a) et un deuxième étage de compression (8b) qui sont constitutifs de la ligne d’alimentation (5) et une turbine (8c) constitutive de la ligne d’échappement (7). Les étages de compression (8a, 8b) sont associés à la turbine (8c) par l’intermédiaire d’un arbre (9) en prise avec une machine électrique (10) associée à un dispositif de stockage électrique (10’). Un échangeur thermique (11) est interposé sur la ligne d’alimentation (5) entre le premier étage de compression (8a) et le deuxième étage de compression (8b) du turbocompresseur (8).  Fig. 1
