id-US20160230658A1    abstract-A gas turbine engine includes a core flowpath for flowing a core stream, a second flowpath located radially outward from the core flowpath for flowing a second stream, and an auxiliary flowpath located radially outward from the second flowpath for flowing an auxiliary stream. A heat exchanging device is constructed and arranged to divert a portion of the second stream into the auxiliary flowpath. A turbine exhaust case is constructed and arranged to flow the auxiliary stream into the core flowpath for mixing with the core stream.
id-JP2018512529A    abstract-ハイブリッド燃焼タービン発電プラント（３０）であって、そこでは、従来のガスタービン（１１、１２、１４）が、流体接続（３２）を介して、断熱圧縮空気エネルギー貯蔵システム（ＡＣＡＥＳ）と一体化されており、断熱圧縮空気エネルギー貯蔵システム（ＡＣＡＥＳ）は、直接熱エネルギー貯蔵部（４０）と、その下流に、直接熱エネルギー貯蔵部および圧縮空気貯蔵部（６０）の間の代替経路に配置された補助圧縮機（５２）および減圧装置（５０）とを備える。ＡＣＡＥＳは減圧装置を介して所望の質量流量で、流体接続を介してガスタービンに空気を排気するが、より長い期間にわたってより低い質量流量で補助圧縮機を介して空気を給気し、トリクル給気により低パワー補助圧縮機の使用が可能となる。直接熱エネルギー貯蔵部（４０）の使用により、圧縮熱が効率的に戻される。あるいは、可変質量流量、可逆動力機構（７０）および第２熱エネルギー貯蔵部（７２）を、直接熱エネルギー貯蔵部（４０）の下流に設けることができ、低パワー可逆動力機構であっても、全体的なパワー調節と、ＡＣＡＥＳを給気または排気するためにそれぞれ圧縮および膨張の切り替えを行うこととが可能となり、実質的なパワー調節が達成される。
id-US20200025080A1    abstract-A gas turbine engine section includes a plurality of spaced rotor stages, with a static guide vane intermediate the spaced rotor stages. The static guide vane provides swirl into air passing toward a downstream one of the spaced rotor stages, and an outer housing surrounding the spaced rotor stages. A diverter diverts a portion of air radially outwardly through the outer housing, and across at least one heat exchanger. The diverted air passes back into a duct radially inwardly through the outer housing, and is exhausted toward the downstream one of the spaced rotor stages.
id-US20160319746A1    abstract-The invention relates generally to an electrical power and storage system and more specifically to ways and methods of using a thermal storage medium as a heat source to heat compressed air from a power augmentation system for use in a gas turbine engine.
id-US20160326966A1    abstract-The method for counteracting draft through an arrangement including a gas turbine during a stop, including stopping the gas turbine and then equalizing the pressure at least through the gas turbine.
id-US20180119561A1    abstract-The invention relates to a turbine, in particular a combustion gas turbine, which drives a high-speed generator for generating electricity, said turbine having a high efficiency. The turbine has at least one combustion chamber ( 6 ), which is provided with a fuel injection means ( 7 ) and an ignition device ( 8 ) and which supplies the turbine with a combustion gas. An external compressor ( 3 ) is associated with the turbine. Said compressor has a separate electric drive and is not connected to the turbine by means of a drive shaft. Furthermore, at least two combustion chambers ( 5 ) are provided for discontinuous, pulsed combustion and supply of the turbine.
id-US20200200085A1    abstract-A recuperated gas turbine engine includes an engine core that has a compressor section, a combustor section, and a turbine section. An exhaust duct is located downstream of the turbine section for receiving a hot turbine exhaust stream from the turbine section. The exhaust duct includes a heat exchanger and a temperature-control module upstream of the heat exchanger. A first compressor bleed line portion leads into the heat exchanger, and a second compressor bleed lie portion leads into the exhaust duct upstream of the heat exchanger. A compressor return line leads from the heat exchanger into the engine core upstream of the combustor section. The compressor bleed line is operable to selectively feed compressed air to the heat exchanger, and the temperature-control module is operable to selectively modulate at least one of temperature and flow of the hot turbine exhaust stream with respect to the heat exchanger.
id-US10174673B2    abstract-A portable green power system is disclosed that is capable of generating electric power based on green technologies (i.e., environmentally friendly) of high performance, low emissions, and low noise. The portable power system consists of three key design features including a free-floating shaft, an electric motor assisted airblast injector and four concentric channel flows. The engine is partitioned into separate channels or passages for the compressed air, hot gases, recuperation, and the engine case and are organized into four concentric channels for portable design and easy maintenance considerations. The concentric channel design also facilitates fully developed flow in each channel for reduction of vibration and noise. The four concentric channels include turbine concentric channel, compressor concentric channel, recuperator concentric channel and engine case concentric channel. Two-way bypass rings are used for cross flows among these concentric channel flows.
id-EP3337967B1    abstract-
id-US20210131338A1    abstract-A heating system is configured to produce heated fluid. The system includes a source of primary fluid, a diffusing structure comprising an outlet structure out of which the heated fluid flows, at least one conduit coupled to the source and the diffusing structure and configured to introduce to the diffusing structure the primary fluid, and an intake structure coupled to the diffusing structure and configured to introduce to the diffusing structure a secondary fluid accessible to the system. The heated fluid includes the primary and secondary fluids.
id-US20200325816A1    abstract-An internal combustion engine includes an exhaust conduit having an exhaust port fluidically coupled to ambient fluid and having an internal cross-sectional area and an engine cylinder fluidically coupled to the exhaust conduit. A fluidic amplifier is disposed within the exhaust conduit and is fluidically coupled to the engine cylinder. The amplifier is further fluidically coupled to a source of primary fluid and is configured to introduce the primary fluid and at least a portion of fluid from the engine cylinder to the exhaust port.
id-US20170321638A1    abstract-An internal combustion engine includes an intake conduit fluidically coupled to ambient fluid and having an internal cross-sectional area and an engine cylinder fluidically coupled to the intake conduit. A fluidic amplifier is disposed within the intake conduit and is fluidically coupled to the ambient fluid and engine cylinder. The amplifier is further fluidically coupled to a source of primary fluid and is configured to introduce the primary fluid and at least a portion of the ambient fluid to the engine cylinder.
id-CN106837551B    abstract-一种燃气涡轮发动机，其包括与涡轮区段成串行流的压缩机区段。该压缩机区段包括一个或更多个压缩机且涡轮区段包括一个或更多个涡轮，压缩机区段和涡轮区段一起限定核心空气流径(37)。油底壳定位在核心空气流径(37)内侧，以用于包含并收集润滑油。另外，热交换器(130)定位成与油底壳直接热连通，以用于从包含在油底壳中的润滑油去除热量，以减小位于核心空气流径(37)的径向外部的热交换器(130)的尺寸和/或数量。
