id-US20170370657A1    abstract-A gas turbine engine recuperator recuperator including exhaust passages providing fluid flow communication between an exhaust inlet and an exhaust outlet, the exhaust inlet being oriented to receive exhaust flow from a turbine of the engine and the exhaust outlet being oriented to deliver the exhaust flow to atmosphere, the exhaust passages having an arcuate profile in a plane perpendicular to a central axis of the recuperator to reduce a swirl of the exhaust flow. Air passages are in heat exchange relationship with the exhaust passages and providing fluid flow communication between an air inlet and an air outlet, design to sealingly respective plenum of the gas turbine engine.
id-US20160298542A1    abstract-A method of diffusing and cooling an exhaust flow in an exhaust duct of a gas turbine engine includes circulating the exhaust flow from a turbine section of the gas turbine engine to a recuperator extending within the exhaust duct, circulating air discharged from a compressor section to a combustor of the gas turbine engine through air passages of the recuperator, and cooling and diffusing the exhaust flow by circulating the exhaust flow through exhaust passages of the recuperator having a progressively increasing cross-sectional area and in heat exchange relationship with the air passages.
id-US20130036723A1    abstract-An integrated oxy-combustion power generation process is provided. This process includes providing an air separation unit for producing at least an oxygen-enriched stream, providing a carbon dioxide recycle stream, which is combined with the oxygen-enriched stream thereby producing a synthetic air stream, providing a gas turbine comprising a gas inlet , a combustor, and a gas outlet, wherein the synthetic air stream is introduced into the gas inlet, providing a fuel stream to the combustor, thereby producing a power output, and a hot exhaust gas stream, which exits the gas outlet, introducing the exhaust gas stream, along with a boiler feed water stream, into a heat recovery steam generator, thereby producing a steam stream and a cooled exhaust gas stream, and separating the cooled exhaust gas stream into an enriched carbon dioxide product stream and the carbon dioxide recycle stream.
id-US20130036721A1    abstract-A regenerative heat exchanger for transferring heat from the exhaust gas to the intake working fluid of a prime mover and from the pressurized working fluid to the exhaust vapor of a heat pump. Application is especially useful in a system in which liquid air or nitrogen made by a heat pump provides compression cooling for a gas turbine prime mover. The heat exchanger employs circulating element heat transfer surface such as wire belts or ceramic balls, which circulate in turn through working fluid exhaust and intake channels while absorbing and rejecting heat between the two channels. Effectiveness exceeding 98% increases thermal efficiency of small low-pressure ratio gas turbines.
id-US20180128171A1    abstract-Cryogenic energy storage systems, and particularly methods for capturing cold energy and re-using that captured cold energy, are disclosed. The systems allow cold thermal energy from the power recovery process of a cryogenic energy storage system to be captured effectively, to be stored, and to be effectively utilised. The captured cold energy could be reused in any co-located process, for example to enhance the efficiency of production of the cryogen, to enhance the efficiency of production of liquid natural gas, and/or to provide refrigeration. The systems are such that the cold energy can be stored at very low pressures, cold energy can be recovered from various components of the system, and/or cold energy can be stored in more than one thermal store.
id-US10092886B2    abstract-A fluid mixing device includes a hollow tubular main body (41) to mix an exhaust gas (G4) and a warming gas (G5) within it, a first inflow port (43) provided in an upstream end portion of the main body (41) and through which the exhaust gas (G4) flows, a mixing promotion body (38) of a tubular shape disposed inside the main body (41) and having a longitudinal axis (C1) extending in a direction conforming to a direction of flow of the exhaust gas (G4), and a second inflow port (45) provided in a peripheral wall of the main body (41) and through which the warming gas (G5) flows towards an outer peripheral wall of the mixing promotion body (38). The exhaust gas (G4) flows outside and inside the mixing promotion body (38).
id-RU2641776C2    abstract-Изобретение относится к энергетике. Система для постепенного окисления топлива включает в себя окислительный реактор, который имеет реакционную камеру с входным отверстием и выходным отверстием. Реакционная камера выполнена с возможностью приема текучей среды, содержащей окисляемое топливо, через входное отверстие. Окислительный реактор выполнен с возможностью поддержания процесса беспламенного окисления. Система также включает в себя камеру сгорания со входным отверстием и выходным отверстием. Входное отверстие камеры сгорания находится в гидравлическом сообщении с выходным отверстием реакционной камеры. Камера сгорания выполнена с возможностью приема текучей среды из реакционной камеры и избирательного нагрева текучей среды. Также представлены способ запуска постепенного окисления в газовой турбине и вариант системы для постепенного окисления топлива. Изобретение позволяет обеспечить улучшенное управление процессом окисления топлива. 3 н. и 28 з.п. ф-лы, 21 ил.
