id-US20180216532A1    abstract-A gas turbine system includes an exhaust gas processing system that includes an exhaust stack having a first inlet and a first outlet. The first inlet is fluidly coupled to a second outlet of a cooler configured to direct the exhaust gas to the exhaust gas processing system via a first conduit extending between the exhaust stack and the cooler. The first conduit includes a first end configured to be directly coupled to the second outlet of the cooler and a second end configured to be directly coupled to the first inlet of the exhaust stack. The exhaust gas processing system also includes a carbon capture system disposed within the exhaust stack and configured to receive a carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) lean solvent, to remove CO 2  from the exhaust gas, to generate a CO 2 -rich solvent comprising the CO 2  removed from the exhaust gas, and to generate a treated exhaust gas.
id-EP3566952A4    abstract-
id-JP6795419B2    abstract-
id-US10724438B2    abstract-Apparatus and methods for heating pre-combustor air in a gas turbine engine are disclosed. In one embodiment, a gas turbine engine configured for heating the pre-combustor air comprises a compressor for pressurizing air received in the gas turbine engine; an electric heater configured to heat the compressed air; a combustor in which the heated compressed air is received, mixed with fuel and ignited for generating combustion gas; and a turbine for extracting energy from the combustion gas. Joule heating may be used to heat the compressed air upstream of the combustor.
id-RU2656769C1    abstract-Способ работы газотурбодетандерной энергетической установки тепловой электрической станции заключается в том, что   атмосферный воздух сжимают в компрессоре, подают в камеру сгорания, сжигают топливо, продукты сгорания расширяют в газовой турбине, полезную работу газовой турбины используют для выработки электроэнергии, полезную работу турбодетандера используют для привода компрессора. В газотурбодетандерной энергетической установке дополнительно применяют регенеративный воздухоподогреватель, дожимной газовый компрессор, теплообменник утилизации теплоты уходящих газов газовой турбины, при этом теплообменники подогрева газа высокого давления и утилизации теплоты уходящих газов выполняют газоводяными. Газоводяной теплообменник утилизации теплоты уходящих газов соединяют трубопроводами горячего и охлажденного теплоносителя с газоводяным теплообменником подогрева газа высокого давления и с газоводяным теплообменником подогрева газа пониженного давления. Небольшую часть газа из газопровода высокого давления 1,0-0,6 МПа сжимают в дожимном газовом компрессоре и с давлением 2,5-3 МПа подают в камеру сгорании. Большую часть газа высокого давления подогревают теплом горячего теплоносителя в газоводяном теплообменнике подогрева газа высокого давления, расширяют в турбодетандере до давления 0,13-0,15 МПа и температуры 3-5°С. Затем этот газ подогревают теплом горячего теплоносителя в газоводяном теплообменнике пониженного давления и по газопроводу пониженного давления подают в котельные агрегаты тепловой электрической станции. Теплоноситель, охлажденный в газоводяных теплообменниках подогрева газа высокого и пониженного давления, направляют для подогрева в газоводяной теплообменник утилизации теплоты уходящих газов газовой турбины. При изменении давления газа в газопроводе высокого давления систему управления давлением газа пониженного давления используют для изменения положения регулирующего соплового аппарата турбодетандера и поддержания постоянного давления газа в газопроводе пониженного давления, подаваемого в котельные агрегаты тепловой электрической станции. 1 ил.
id-US11359518B2    abstract-A combined cycle power plant is capable of improving power output and power generation efficiency by cooling intake air supplied to a gas turbine. The plant includes a gas turbine power generation system, an operating fluid power generation system, and a cooling system. The gas turbine power generation system includes an air compressor for compressing air supplied through an air incoming path, a gas turbine for generating rotary power by burning a mixture of fuel and the air compressed by the air compressor, and a first generator for generating electricity by using the rotary power of the gas turbine. The operating fluid power generation system heats an operating fluid by using combustion gas discharged from the gas turbine and generates electricity using the heated operating fluid. The cooling system cools air supplied from the air compressor by supplying the operating fluid to an upstream side of the air compressor.
id-FR3066227B1    abstract-L'invention porte sur un procédé d'alimentation en air d'un moteur à combustion interne à cycle réparti ou associé à une turbine à gaz comprenant au moins un cylindre de combustion (2) d'un mélange d'air et de carburant en son intérieur, une compression à basse pression d'un premier flux d'air étant effectuée, le premier flux étant stocké dans un réservoir basse pression (9), une compression d'un deuxième flux comprimé étant aussi effectuée. Il est effectué une compression à haute pression supérieure à 400 bars d'un troisième flux avec un débit suffisamment faible d'air comprimé pour réaliser une compression haute pression isotherme. Le troisième flux est stocké dans un réservoir haute pression (4) et ajouté prioritairement au premier flux pour une alimentation du moteur, une alimentation par le deuxième flux étant alors suspendue, le deuxième flux étant ajouté au premier flux quand le réservoir haute pression (4) est vide.
id-US10495001B2    abstract-The present disclosure is directed to a propulsion system including an annular inner wall and an annular outer wall, a nozzle assembly, a turbine nozzle, and an inner casing and an outer casing. The inner wall and outer wall together extend at least partially along a longitudinal direction and together define a combustion chamber inlet, a combustion chamber outlet, and a combustion chamber therebetween. The nozzle assembly is disposed at the combustion inlet and provides a mixture of fuel and oxidizer to the combustion chamber. The turbine nozzle defines a plurality of airfoils in adjacent circumferential arrangement disposed at the combustion chamber outlet. The turbine nozzle is coupled to the outer wall and the inner wall. The inner casing is disposed inward of the inner wall and the outer casing is disposed outward of the outer wall. Each of the inner casing and the outer casing are coupled to the turbine nozzle. A primary flowpath is defined between the inner casing and the inner wall, through the turbine nozzle, and between the outer casing and the outer wall, and in fluid communication with the combustion chamber.
id-FR3068077A1    abstract-Cet agencement comprend deux turbomoteurs (10, 20) entrelacés de manière à s'échanger de l'énergie thermique par des échangeurs de chaleur (16, 26) qui améliorent leur rendement, sans accroître beaucoup les pertes de charge puisque les canalisations (19, 29) imposées pour desservir les échangeurs sont courtes et comprennent un seul coude.
id-US20190024583A1    abstract-The present disclosure relates to systems and methods useful for power production utilizing direct combustion of a solid fuel, such as coal, biomass, or the like. The systems and methods can combine a first power producing cycle that is an open loop or semi-closed loop cycle with a second power producing cycle that is a closed loop cycle utilizing a recycled working fluid, preferably CO 2 . At least one stream from the open loop or semi-closed loop cycle can be used in a heating member to provide heat to the working fluid in the closed loop cycle. The solid fuel can be combusted at conditions facilitating easier removal of solids before a gaseous stream is treated and, optionally, at least partially recycled to the combustor as a recycle stream, preferably include CO 2 .
id-WO2019045997A1    abstract-A disc turbine engine with a multi disc engine where each disc engine includes a turbine blade, a low-pressure compressor blade, a high-pressure compressor blade, and a bearing. Each disc engine runs freely and individually, counter-rotating directions from each other and around a fixed shaft. Each disc engine has its own cooling system. The compressor's blades act as cooling fins for the turbine blade. A coolant, such as liquid hydrogen is used to fill the hollow body of the high-pressure compressor, the hollow body of the lower pressure compressor, and the hollow body of the turbine blade with a connection chamber in between the hollow blades as a sealed system. The nozzle is filled with a coolant inside the hollow bodies of the nozzle and guide fan as a sealed system.
id-KR20200041977A    abstract-본 발명은 동력 생산을 위한 시스템들과 방법들을 제공한다. 특히, 상기 시스템들과 방법들은 회수를 위하여 열의 이용 가능한 양을 증가시키기 위해 팽창된 터빈 배출 스트림에 대한 열의 추가를 활용하며, 상기 동력 생산 시스템 및 방법의 연소기로의 다시 재순환을 위하여 압축된 이산화탄소 스트림을 가열하기 위해 내부에서 이용한다.
id-US20190063442A1    abstract-A disc turbocharger includes a multi-disc engine in which each disc engine includes a turbine blade, a compressor blade, and a bearing without requiring a shaft between the turbine blade and the compressor blade. The power produced by each turbine blade is consumed by its own joined compressor. The disc turbocharger has a multi-disc engine that works as a multi-stage turbocharger with a smaller size and no piping between the turbochargers. The disc turbocharger uses a waste spool valve for control of the.
id-US9995216B1    abstract-A disc turbine engine includes a multi disc engine in which each disc engine includes a turbine blade, and low-pressure compressor blade, a high-pressure compressor blade and a bearing that runs the disc engine freely around a shaft. Each disc engine has its own cooling system, the compressor's blades act as cooling fins for the turbine blade, and air bleeding from the high-pressure compressor to the lower pressure compressor through a hollow turbine blade. Cooling the nozzle is by attaching the nozzle to the guide fan and by air bleeding through the hollow body. There is no stator in between the disc engine and no large shaft is required because the power produced by each turbine blade is consumed by its own compressor. The weight and cost of this engine will be less than other engines at the same thrust output.
id-CN109386840A    abstract-本公开涉及一种用于燃气涡轮发动机的燃烧器组件。燃烧器组件包括限定螺旋卷形俯仰轴线的蜗形壁式机壳，该螺旋卷形俯仰轴线围绕燃气涡轮发动机的中心线轴线至少部分地沿周向设置，其中壁式机壳围绕俯仰轴线限定，并且壁式机壳在其内限定燃烧室。
id-US11248850B2    abstract-A heat exchanger includes a separator member that divides a first flow passage from a second flow passage. The heat exchanger also includes a plurality of first hollow members that extend across the first flow passage at respective non-orthogonal angles. The plurality of first hollow members are fluidly connected to the second flow passage. Moreover, the heat exchanger includes a plurality of second hollow members that extend across the second flow passage at respective non-orthogonal angles. The plurality of second hollow members are fluidly connected to the first flow passage.
id-DE102017120369A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft eine Mikrogasturbinenanordnung mit einer Verdichteranordnung, die einen in einer Prozessgasleitung angeordneten Niederdruckverdichter (1) und einen Hochdruckverdichter (8) mit einem dazwischen in der Prozessgasleitung angeordneten Zwischenkühler (6) für eine mehrstufige Verdichtung von Prozessgas mit Zwischenkühlung umfasst, mit einer Brennkammer (10) zur Verbrennung von Prozessgas in Form von Oxidator unter Zugabe von Brennstoff zur Entstehung von Prozessgas in Form von heißen Abgasen, mit einer der Brennkammer (10) nachgeschalteten Turbinenanordnung, die zumindest eine Hochdruckturbine (9) und eine Niederdruckturbine (2) umfasst, in der heiße Abgase der Brennkammer (10) unter Antrieb der Turbinen (9, 2) stufenweise entspannt werden und mit zumindest einem auf einer Welle (3, 21) sitzenden Generator (4, 12) zur Stromerzeugung, wobei der Niederdruckverdichter (1) und die Niederdruckturbine (2) sowie der Hochdruckverdichter (8) und die Hochdruckturbine (9) jeweils auf einer gemeinsamen Welle (3, 21) sitzen, sodass die Verdichter (1, 8) über die Turbinen (9, 2) angetrieben werden. Ein hoher Wirkungsgrad im Teillastbereich, insbesondere ohne bzw. mit geringer Rekuperation, wird dadurch erreicht, dass eine Einstellvorrichtung vorhanden ist, durch die die Zwischenkühlung zwischen dem Niederdruckverdichter (1) und dem Hochdruckverdichter (8) derart regelbar ausgestaltet ist, dass die Temperatur des Prozessgases vor Eintritt in den Hochdruckverdichter (8) von einem Minimum bei maximaler Zwischenkühlung bis zu einem Maximum ohne jegliche Zwischenkühlung einstellbar ist (Fig. 1).
id-ES2652522B2    abstract-
