id-US11008938B2    abstract-A low emission, high efficiency Gas Turbine engine operating on a combination of Natural Gas and Bio Gas as fuel, driving either a high efficiency turbo-blower or a high efficiency Turbo Pump system combined with heat recovery systems and in other embodiments is provided a generator of electricity or providing evaporate cooling from using the remaining waste heat in the exhaust gas.
id-JP6649141B2    abstract-
id-US10641173B2    abstract-In a gas turbine system including a first gas turbine generator, a heat recovery steam generator and a steam turbine generator heat rejection system, the present invention relates to a method for CO 2  capture from flue gas in said system, said method including: (a) diverting an amount of heat recovery steam generator flue gas from the CO 2  capture plant; and (b) mixing the diverted heat recovery steam generator flue gas with an air stream, forming a combined gas stream, wherein (1) the combined gas stream is fed to a second gas turbine generator; (2) exhaust gas from the second gas turbine generator is mixed with exhaust gas from the first gas turbine generator, forming a combined exhaust gas stream; and (3) the combined exhaust gas stream enters the heat recovery steam generator, with the CO 2  content of the combined exhaust gas stream increased through supplementary firing in the heat recovery steam generator.
id-EP3228544A1    abstract-A hybrid-electric propulsion system (10) includes a gas turbine engine (12), an electric machine (14) coupled to and rotatably driven by the gas turbine engine to produce AC electric power, an energy storage system (18), and a propulsion unit (16). The gas turbine engine includes a combustor (26) and a recuperator (20) that places an exhaust air flow that is downstream from the combustor in a heat exchange relationship with a compressed air flow that is upstream from the combustor to transfer thermal energy from the exhaust flow to the compressed flow. The propulsion unit includes a fan (44) and an electric motor (42) rotably coupled to the fan, the electric motor being driven by electric power from one of the electric machine or the energy storage system.
id-US20220298965A1    abstract-The present disclosure relates to systems and methods wherein a dilute hydrocarbon stream can be oxidized to impart added energy to a power production system. The oxidation can be carried out without substantial combustion of the hydrocarbons. In this manner, dilute hydrocarbon streams that would otherwise be required to undergo costly separation processes can be efficiently utilized for improving the power production system and method. Such systems and methods particularly can utilize dilute hydrocarbon stream including a significant amount of carbon dioxide, such as may be produced in hydrocarbon recovery process, such as enhanced oil recovery or conventional hydrocarbon recovery processes.
id-CN105822427B    abstract-本发明公开一种回热循环燃气轮机系统及冷热电联供系统。回热循环燃气轮机系统包括压气机、空气回热器、燃烧室、透平、蒸汽回热器、蒸汽通道。压气机具有一压缩空气出口。空气回热器用以对所述压气机的压缩空气出口的压缩空气进行预热。燃烧室接收所述被预热的压缩空气并在参与燃烧后排出燃烧产物。透平接收所述燃烧产物并在所述燃烧产物做工后排出废气，所述废气被引入所述空气回热器以与所述压缩空气进行热交换。蒸汽回热器与空气回热器连接以接收流过所述空气回热器的废气。蒸汽通道通过所述蒸汽回热器，使得所述蒸汽通道内的水吸收所述废气的热量而变成蒸汽。蒸汽通道与透平或燃烧室连接，使得所述蒸汽被注入透平或燃烧室。
id-US10364744B2    abstract-A gas turbine engine may include a deep heat recovery system, such as a deep heat recovery super critical carbon dioxide (sCO2) system. The deep heat recovery system may include two-stage cooling of the working fluid (such as carbon dioxide—CO2) where at least one of cooling stages is recuperative by transferring heat from the working fluid to a flow of compressed air being supplied to a combustor included in the gas turbine engine. The deep heat recovery system may operate in a supercritical cycle, or in a transcritical cycle depending on the temperature to which the working fluid is cooled during a second stage of the two-stage cooling. The second stage of the two-stage cooling includes working fluid-to-air heat rejection where the air is ambient air.
id-EP3469201B1    abstract-
id-CN105927390B    abstract-电力系统峰值负载调节的储能发电系统，用于在电网用电波谷时通过波谷电存储能量，在用电波峰时进行发电从而对于电网波峰波谷进行调控。其中，在空气能量储存罐中设置换热装置，所述换热装置中的换热管道的位置能够根据空气能量储存罐的水位变化而变化，从而避免压缩空气升温导致的储存水挥发对于发电系统后续部件的影响。
id-US10240530B2    abstract-The invention relates to a container (200) for a heat storage and restitution system, comprising a vessel in which a gas is circulating in order to be cooled or heated. The vessel is limited by a first jacket formed from concrete (203) surrounded by a thermally insulating layer (206), which is itself surrounded by a steel shell (204). The vessel comprises at least two modules (210), each comprising a double wall formed from concrete and a perforated base (205) limiting at least two volumes (217 and 216) which are each capable of containing a fixed bed of particles of a material for storage and restitution of heat (207). The modules are disposed one above the other in a centered manner such that the double wall formed from concrete forms the first jacket formed from concrete (203) and a second jacket formed from concrete (215).
id-GB2552713A    abstract-A gas turbine engine recuperator 18 for transferring heat from exhaust gases of a turbine section (16, fig 3) of the engine (10) to pre-combustion compressed air supplied to a combustion section (13) of the engine. The recuperator comprises an array 22 of parallel coiled tubes 18 extending between an inlet 20 and an outlet 21 manifold and through which the compressed air is communicated. The coiled tubes are substantially identical, and the amplitudes of the coils and spacing between adjacent tubes permit coils of adjacent tubes to nest with each other thereby creating a large surface area for heat transfer. The tubes may be metal, have a circular cross section, may be brazed or welded to the manifolds and the coils function as springs to compensate for thermal growth. If one or more tubes becomes damaged the entrance and exit of the tube(s) may be stopped / plugged to prevent the compressed air entering the tube(s).
id-CA2965946C    abstract-Multi-engine aircraft power plants and associated operating methods are disclosed. An exemplary multi-engine power plant comprises a first turboshaft engine and a second turboshaft engine configured to drive a common load such as a rotary wing of an aircraft; and a heat exchanger in thermal communication with an exhaust gas of the first turboshaft engine and in thermal communication with pre-combustion air of the second turboshaft engine. The heat exchanger is configured to permit heat transfer from the exhaust gas of the first turboshaft engine to the pre-combustion air of the second turboshaft engine.
id-CN106224099A    abstract-本发明涉及一种燃用清洁燃料和生物质双燃料、热电联供的注水正逆燃气轮机联合循环系统，燃气轮机采用回热型注水‑逆燃气轮机联合循环的形式，燃用清洁燃料；生物质燃料在锅炉中燃烧产生的烟气先间接加热进入燃气轮机燃烧室的空气，再预热进入锅炉的空气。其中，燃气轮机循环中的中低温热量可用于对外供热。本发明利用能的梯级利用原理，通过系统集成将外燃方法和先进注水正逆布雷登循环有机结合起来，可大幅提高生物质燃料的能源利用效率，生物质与清洁燃料的比例可调，并实现注水耗水和回收水的自平衡。
id-CA2974920A1    abstract-An exhaust system for a gas turbine engine, such as an APU, comprises a pressure vessel having an annular wall circumscribing an exhaust plenum. The annular wall is composed of an arrangement of individual tubes assembled side-by-side around a central axis of the exhaust plenum. The tubes are fed with pressurized cooling air, such as P3 air. A heat exchanger in heat transfer relationship with the exhaust gases flowing through the exhaust plenum receives air from the tubes. The heat transferred from the exhaust gases to the air circulated through the heat exchanger may be used to provide pre-heated air to the engine combustor.
id-US20180066548A1    abstract-A combined cycle power plant is provided. The combined cycle power plant includes a gas turbine and a heat recovery steam generator disposed in fluid communication with the gas turbine and including one or more steam heater units. Additionally, the combined cycle power plant includes a recuperator unit integrated with the heat recovery steam generator and configured to use gas turbine exhaust from the gas turbine to preheat compressor discharge air from the compressor and supply the preheated compressor discharge air to the combustor, where a first subset of the one or more steam heater units is disposed in parallel to the recuperator unit, and where a second subset of the one or more steam heater units is disposed in series with the first subset of the one or more steam heater units and the recuperator unit with respect to a direction of flow of gas turbine exhaust.
id-RU2635757C1    abstract-Изобретение относится к области ракетной техники, созданию прямоточных воздушно-реактивных двигателей (ПВРД) для крылатых ракет (КР) и управлению КР. В случаях неисправности датчиков командных давлений выдается команда для выполнения резервного алгоритма управления ПВРД. Достигается заранее заданная высота КР и поддерживается скорость КР, соответствующая высоте полета КР. При этом регулирование расхода топлива осуществляется по параметрам скорости и высоты КР, а высота и скорость движения КР измеряются с помощью аппаратуры спутниковой навигации. Техническим результатом решения является повышение надежности работы ПВРД и, как следствие, повышение живучести КР и безопасности полета КР. 1 з.п. ф-лы, 1 ил.
