id-ES2387724B1    abstract-Sistema de regeneración parcial en turbinas de gas de ciclos combinados con una o varias fuentes de calor.#Ciclo combinado que contiene:#- dos ramales (7) y (8) por los que circula el flujo de escape de la turbina (1);#- una caldera de recuperación de calor (14) dividida en dos cuerpos: de alta temperatura y menor temperatura;#que permiten que el ciclo de gas (1) sea regenerativo sin perder temperatura en la parte más caliente de la caldera de recuperación ni reducir la temperatura del fluido del ciclo de baja temperatura (18).#También puede incluirse una instalación solar o de otro tipo (20) que transfiera energía térmica al ciclo de baja temperatura (18).#El sistema actúa para mejorar el rendimiento del ciclo combinado, a plena carga o a cargas parciales y, si existe hibridación con otra fuente de energía, para mejorar además el rendimiento de la turbina de vapor.
id-EP2554821A1    abstract-The present invention has a problem aiming to provide a heat engine that emits neither carbon dioxide nor nitrogen oxide and is capable of achieving a simplified structure, and another problem aiming to provide a power generation system using the heat engine.      To solve the problems, a heat engine according to the present invention is an internal combustion engine 1a (1b) including a fuel inlet for introducing oxyhydrogen gas (or a mixture with an existing fuel) into a combustion chamber, a spark plug for igniting the oxyhydrogen gas (the mixture) in the combustion chamber at a predetermined time, a piston that moves in accordance with a pressure change in the combustion chamber before and after ignition, and a motion conversion mechanism to change the motion of the piston to rotational motion of an output shaft 7.
id-US9422863B2    abstract-A method and architecture for recombining power of a turbomachine improving on problems of size, mass, or reliability. In the method energy is recovered in an exhaust nozzle and converted and recirculated using a mechanical and/or electrical power recombining mechanism. An example of an architecture of a turbomachine includes a main turbine engine and a heat exchanger positioned in the exhaust nozzle and coupled, via pipes, to an independent system that converts thermal energy into mechanical energy. This independent system is connected to a localized mechanical recombination mechanism via a power shaft to supply power to a power transmission shaft according to aircraft requirements.
id-US20120000204A1    abstract-A method and apparatus are disclosed for a multi-spool gas turbine power plant which utilizes motor/generator devices on two or more spools for starting the gas turbine and for power extraction after starting. Methods are disclosed for controlling engine responsiveness under changing load and/or ambient air conditions; providing a momentary power boost when required; providing some engine braking when needed; providing over-speed protection for the free power turbine when load is rapidly lowered or disconnected; charging an energy storage system; and restoring the compressors and/or turbines toward their operating lines when surge or choking limits are approached.
id-DE102010032324A1    abstract-Ein Wärmetauscher, insbesondere für ein Gasturbinentriebwerk, weist eine von einem Fluid umströmbare Kreuzstrommatrix, ein Verteilerrohr zur Führung eines Wärmeträgermediums in die Kreuzstrommatrix und ein insbesondere wenigstens im Wesentlichen para Abführung des über die Kreuzstrommatrix temperierten Wärmeträgermediums auf, wobei die Kreuzstrommatrix mindestens ein Paket von insbesondere U-förmigen Wärmetauscherrohren aufweist, die jeweils das Verteilerrohr mit dem Sammelrohr verbinden, wobei insbesondere zwei Pakete von Wärmetauscherrohren vorgesehen sind, die sich beidseits einer durch Mittellinien des Verteilerrohres und des Sammelrohres definierten Wärmetauschermittelebene erstrecken. Nach einem Gesichtspunkt der Erfindung weist eine Mittellinie eines Wärmetauscherrohres eine Krümmung in Richtung einer Mittellinie des Verteilerrohres und/oder einer Mittellinie des Sammelrohres auf, wobei die Krümmung insbesondere einer Zylinderschale oder einer Kegelschale folgt, deren Achse in der Wärmetauschermittelebene aufgenommen ist.
id-US20180016979A1    abstract-A method of power production using a high pressure/low pressure ratio Brayton Power cycle with predominantly N 2  mixed with CO 2  and H 2 O combustion products as the working fluid is provided. The high pressure can be in the range 80 bar to 500 bar. The pressure ratio can be in the range 1.5 to 10. The natural gas fuel can be burned in a first high pressure combustor with a near stoichiometric quantity of pressurised preheated air and the net combustion gas can be mixed with a heated high pressure recycle N 2 +CO 2 +H 2 O stream which moderates the mixed gas temperature to the value required for the maximum inlet temperature to a first power turbine producing shaft power.
id-US20120144838A1    abstract-A combined cycle power plant includes a gas turbine having a first compressor, a second compressor downstream of the first compressor, and a regenerative heat exchanger between the first and second compressors. A steam generator is downstream of the gas turbine and receives exhaust from the gas turbine. A closed loop cooling system through the regenerative heat exchanger and the steam generator transfers heat from the regenerative heat exchanger to the steam generator. A method for operating a combined cycle power plant includes compressing a working fluid in a compressor and cooling the compressed working fluid with a regenerative heat exchanger so as to create a cooled compressed working fluid. The method further includes transferring heat from the regenerative heat exchanger to a steam generator.
id-US20170276046A1    abstract-A method of designing a gas turbine engine includes configuring a speed reduction device for driving a fan and configuring a lubrication system for lubricating components across a rotation gap. The lubrication system includes a lubricant input. A stationary first bearing receives lubricant from the lubricant input and has a first race in which lubricant flows. A second bearing for rotation is within the first bearing. The second bearing has a first opening in registration with the first race such that lubricant may flow from the first race through the first opening into a first conduit. The first bearing is configured to also include a second race into which lubricant flows. The second bearing has a second opening in registration with the second race such that lubricant may flow from the second race through the second opening into a second conduit. The first and second conduits deliver lubricant to distinct locations.
id-US20120096869A1    abstract-Various embodiments are disclosed to utilize various fuels, including liquid natural gas fuels, to improve engine efficiency in gas turbine engines. In one configuration, a fuel is heated by a heat exchanger utilizing waste exhaust heat of a gas turbine engine. In another configuration, LNG fuel is heated using a pre-cooler for the inlet air stream of a gas turbine engine. In another configuration, fuel is injected into the pressurized air, downstream of the air-to-air intercooler. In yet another configuration, fuel is pumped through the engine's intercooler or a secondary heat exchanger exchanging heat with the compressed air stream between the low-pressure compressor and high-pressure compressor. In another configuration, the fuel is first heated by the intercooler and then further heated by a heat exchanger utilizing waste exhaust heat of the gas turbine engine.
