id-DE102009006254A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft eine Vorrichtung (1) zur Rückgewinnung einer Verlustwärme zumindest einer Antriebskomponente (2) eines Fahrzeuges, wobei die Vorrichtung (1) eine Fördereinheit (3) zur Verdichtung eines zumindest weitgehend flüssigen Arbeitsmediums (A) in einem zumindest weitgehend flüssigen Aggregatzustand, einen Wärmetauscher (4) zur zumindest teilweisen Verdampfung des Arbeitsmediums (A) unter Ausnutzung der Verlustwärme, eine Expansionsvorrichtung (5) zur Expansion des Arbeitsmediums (A) unter Umwandlung einer thermischen Energie des Arbeitsmediums (A) in eine mechanische Energie und einen Kondensator (6) zur Abkühlung und/oder Kondensation des Arbeitsmediums (A) umfasst. Dabei ist das Arbeitsmedium (A) FCKW-frei und weist ein Kohlenstoffdioxid-Äquivalent von weniger als 150 auf. Die Erfindung betrifft weiterhin ein Verfahren zur Rückgewinnung einer Verlustwärme zumindest einer Antriebskomponente (2) eines Fahrzeuges.
id-KR20090045155A    abstract-본 발명은 가정, 산업 및 자연에서 발생하는 버려지거나 또는 단음 단계로 이송되는 열원을 모아서 발전하는 시스템적 방법으로서 상세하게는 열원을 이용하여 난방 또는 산업현장의 기타 증기 등을 사용하여 제품을 만들거나 혹은 소각폐기물 등의 버려지는 열원을 사용하여 발전하는 시스템이다.      본 발명은 각종 열원을 사용할 수 있게 고안되어있어 버려지는 열원을 이용한 발전 및 열원을 먼저 발전하고 나오는 열원을 난방 또는 스팀 등으로 필요에 따라 사용할 수도 있게 고안되어 있다.           폐열발전기, 열병합발전, 발전장치, 폐열, 바이오가스발전
id-WO2010101017A1    abstract-【課題】既存蒸気タービンは仕事率が白金球仕事率の１／３．６万等僅少で更に静翼半分で堰き止め出力を０に近付け更に海水温度を７度上昇して人類を絶滅する危険がある。 【解決手段】例えば全動翼比重大物質重力太陽熱タービン駆動、大気圧同速度同容積仕事率最高を既存蒸気タービンの３．６万倍白金球仕事率にし、１～複数段熱ボンブで太陽光加熱空気を圧縮高温にして太陽光加熱別空気を加熱圧縮熱回収する冷熱質量増大＋限り無く高圧の温熱５０＋冷熱２８ａに分割保存使用し、例えば発電機や船舶を駆動の過程で自然現象を高速化人類の食物を大増大して海水温度７度上昇阻止人類絶滅を阻止して、太陽熱重力飛行機類駆動では既存航空機最高飛行高度付近からの温熱＋冷熱に燃料噴射燃焼超高圧ロケット噴射にし、大気中は燃料費０飛行狙い等宇宙到達費用を僅少として、宇宙飛行全盛地球上何処でも日帰り旅行等にする各種エネルギ保存サイクル合体機関。
id-EP2345799A2    abstract-A waste heat recovery system (10) includes at least two integrated rankine cycle systems (12, 14) coupled to at least two separate heat sources (18, 38, 40, 42, 44, 64, 78) having different temperatures. The first rankine cycle system (12) is coupled to a first heat source (18) and configured to circulate a first working fluid. The second rankine cycle system (14) is coupled to at least one second heat source and configured to circulate a second working fluid. The first and second working fluid are circulatable in heat exchange relationship through a cascading heat exchange unit (34) for condensation of the first working fluid in the first rankine cycle system (12) and evaporation of the second working fluid in the second rankine cycle system (14). At least one bypass unit (24, 58, 59, 65, 72, 80, 88, 96, 102, 108) is configured to divert at least a portion of the first working fluid to bypass the first evaporator (16), the first expander (30), the cascaded heat exchange unit (34), or combinations thereof; at least a portion of the second working fluid to bypass the second expander (46), the cascaded heat exchange unit (34), or combinations thereof.
id-US11591241B2    abstract-A system and method for decontaminating a fluid and recovered vapor, particularly processing and recycling water used in an oil zone steam process, utilizing a vaporizer-desalination unit to separate a contaminated water flow into a contaminated disposal flow and a clean water vapor flow. The contaminated water flow is recovered after separation from a combined oil and water flow from an oil well. The clean water vapor flow is preferably passed through a steam generator to produce the steam used in the oil zone steam process. The steam is injected into the oil zone of a designated well and then extracted as the combined oil and water flow. Once primed with sufficient external water, the system and method is designed to operate continuously with minimal replenishment because of the water/vapor/steam cycle.
id-US11608278B2    abstract-A system and process for decontaminating a bio-contaminated wastewater fluid as from a slaughterhouse or similar facility. The system and process recovers purified vapor/steam through a decontamination unit having a plurality of alternating rotating trays and fixed baffles in a processing vessel producing separate purified and contaminant streams. One or more filter/strainer units are disposed in parallel before the decontamination unit, and may be used alternately while the other is cleaned. A rotating shaft connected to the rotating trays may also connected to an electrical generator to provide electricity for circuits and controls in the system.
id-US20120216540A1    abstract-The invention relates to a method for recovering heat by joining a plurality of heat flows of a fossil-fired, in particular carbon-fired, power plant ( 1 ), which downstream of the combustion comprises a CO 2  scrubbing station ( 58 ) for the flue gas by way of chemical absorption and/or desorption and associated CO 2  compression ( 27 ), which method aims to enable a CO 2  scrubbing station for the flue gas, with associated CO 2  compression, to be integrated into the total energy heat flow and/or the total heat energy balance of a fossil-fired, in particular carbon-fired, preferably conventional, power plant in a way that is advantageous in terms of heating technology. This is achieved by decoupling thermal energy from the heat flow of the CO 2  scrubbing station ( 58 ), with associated CO 2  compression, in the form of at least one partial heat flow (Q 8 , Q 9 , Q 10 , Q 11 ) and coupling it back into a heat flow that is coupled, directly or indirectly, to the heat flow of the boiler ( 2 ) or steam generator of the power plant ( 1 ), and/or by decoupling thermal energy from the flue gas heat flow (Q 3 ) in the form of a partial heat flow (Q 12 , Q 13 , Q 14 ) and coupling it back into the heat flow of the CO 2  scrubbing station ( 58 ) with associated CO 2  compression ( 27 ).
id-US8991179B2    abstract-The invention relates to a drive unit, in particular for a vehicle drive, comprising a drive machine generating driving power, a cooling system for the fluid cooling of the drive machine and/or a component of the drive unit which is supplied at least indirectly with driving power by the drive machine, wherein in the cooling system a coolant circulates; a lubricating circuit for the lubrication of at least one movable component of the drive unit with a lubricant.      The invention is characterized in that the drive unit further comprises an accumulation reservoir, in which a comprehensive operating fluid, which comprises a mixture of an ionic fluid and a vaporizable fluid, is stockpiled, wherein the cooling system and the lubricating circuit are at least indirectly fluidically connected to the accumulation reservoir in order to extract lubricant and coolant from the comprehensive operating fluid.
id-KR20110003093U    abstract-본 고안은 일종의 건조된 음식물쓰레기 및 기타 생물질(바이오매스)을 이용하여 발전하는 방법이며 기화기술을 이용하여 건조된 음식물쓰레기, 농림폐기물 등을 기화장치를 통해 석탄가스와 비슷한 가연기체로 전환시키며 이 가연가스들은 기체정화장치를 거쳐 집진과 타르를 제거 후 다시 가스내연기관 혹은 가스터빈에 보내어 발전시키고 내연기관 혹은 가스터빈에서 방출되는 고온배기가스는 여열보일러와 과열기(過熱器)를 이용하여 수증기를 생성시켜 다시 증기터빈을 이용하여 발전시킨다. 본 고안은 원료 적응성이 강하며 같지 않은 종류의 생물질 원료를 처리할 수 있다; 생산강도가 크고 기체발열량이 높으며 타르함량이 적고 기화효율이 높다; 부하(負荷)적응능력이 강하고 가동과 정지가 용이하며 조절범위가 크고 운행이 안정적이다; 규모상으로 매우 높은 유연성을 갖추고 있으며 발전규모는 원료의 수량, 전력수요에 따라 결정하고 사용자의 수요에 따라 설계하고 맞출 수 있다.             음식물쓰레기, 생물질, 바이오매스, 내연기관, 증기터빈, 여열보일러, 발전기.
id-US20110088397A1    abstract-The waste heat recovery system of an engine includes a Rankine cycle, a first bypass passage, a first valve and a control unit. The Rankine cycle allows a working fluid to circulate therethrough. The Rankine cycle has a first heat exchanger, a second heat exchanger, an expander and a condenser. The first heat exchanger exchange heat between the working fluid and the engine or a first intermediate medium exchanging heat with the engine. The first bypass passage allows the working fluid to pass therethrough. One end of the first bypass passage is located at an upstream side of the condenser and the other end is located at a downstream side of the condenser. The first valve opens and closes the first bypass passage. When temperature of the engine or the first intermediate medium is lower than a first predetermined value, the control unit opens the first valve.
id-US20130101873A1    abstract-A power generation systems with solid oxide fuel cell (SOFC) and heat recovery unit (HRU) and method are provided. In accordance with one embodiment of the disclosure, a power generation system includes a partial oxidation (POX) reactor, an array of one or more fuel cell stacks and an HRU. The POX reactor is operable to generate a hydrogen rich gas from a fuel. The array of one or more fuel cell stacks includes at least one SOFC and is coupled to the POX reactor. The fuel cell stacks are operable to generate electrical power and heat from an electro-chemical reaction of the hydrogen rich gas and oxygen from an oxygen source. The HRU is coupled to the array of fuel cell stacks and operable to generate electrical power from the heat.
