id-JP2012171356A    abstract-[problem] in the granulation mechanism, the waste heat transferred to the cooling water is used to increase the performance of the equipment and improve its energy efficiency. [solution] the granule manufacturing equipment consisting of polymer materials has a water-cooled granulation mechanism for producing plastic material granules 6. The discharge path 7, located downstream of the granulation mechanism, is used to discharge the starting mixed flow containing plastic material granules and cooling water. Granule heat exchanger 11 located downstream of the discharge path is used to control the temperature of the temperature-controlled mixing flow, which includes plastic material granules and at least part of the cooling water. The granule heat exchanger has inlet 16 and outlet 19 for the transfer heat exchanger medium. The drying mechanism 31 located downstream of the granule heat exchanger is used to dry the plastic material granules. The granule heat exchanger has multiple fluid paths 14 for temperature-controlled mixing flows that extend in parallel, i.e., rather than in series. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-WO2012123254A1    abstract-The invention relates to a heat energy composed of (1) using Außenwandung(10) (11) and Auslass (12) Warmetragermedium Heizflachenpaket (20) (W), the content consists of a large number of tubes to be drawn from the Warmetragermedium that the black hole (W) is Arbeitsmedium, in which the thermal energy is (1) Wandung(30 years old,3 years old) so that the kompressibles medium (40 years old) leaves the Warmetragermedium (W) and/or Arbeitsmedium Wandung(30 years,300) are rigor trained to cause a sudden drop in water pressure in the heating chamber (1) and pressure in the compressed medium (40).
id-US20200049030A1    abstract-An autonomous self-powered system for cooling radioactive materials comprising: a pool of liquid; a closed-loop fluid circuit comprising a working fluid having a boiling temperature that is less than a boiling temperature of the liquid of the pool, the closed-loop fluid circuit comprising, in operable fluid coupling, an evaporative heat exchanger at least partially immersed in the liquid of the pool, a turbogenerator, and a condenser; one or more forced flow units operably coupled to the closed-loop fluid circuit to induce flow of the working fluid through the closed-loop fluid circuit; and the closed-loop fluid circuit converting thermal energy extracted from the liquid of the pool into electrical energy in accordance with the Rankine Cycle, the electrical energy powering the one or more forced flow units.
id-JP2012247077A    abstract-[challenges] to provide a steam manufacturing device that can maintain the moisture content of the steam flowing into the compressor and a method for operating it. Steam manufacturing equipment 1 includes a heat exchanger 30 that evaporates the supplied water by transmitting the heat of the heat exchange medium and a compressor 40 that compresses steam. The steam manufacturing equipment 1 has a flow adjustment valve 21 and a control device 50. The control device 50 supplies the supplied water The required heat quantity Q2 is obtained by multiplying the sensible heat from the supply temperature to the evaporation temperature and the heat of vaporization at the evaporation temperature by the amount of the supplied water and the preset threshold of dryness. In addition, when the required heat quantity Q2 exceeds the loss heat quantity Q1, the flow adjustment valve 21 is squeezed to reduce the supply water of the supply water. When the required heat quantity Q2 is less than the loss heat quantity Q1, the flow adjustment valve 21 is widened to increase the supply water of the supply water. I made it to add. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US20120314829A1    abstract-A system that includes:         a container that contains an energy storage medium, wherein the energy storage medium comprises at least one liquid salt;   at least one thermal energy-generating reactor;   at least one first thermal energy loop coupling the container to the at least one thermal energy-generating reactor; and   at least one second thermal energy loop coupling the container to at least one thermal energy end-user.
id-WO2013010763A2    abstract-The invention comprises: a solar power plant consisting of a solar power station (1), a first cycle (2), a second cycle (3), a turbine (6) as a resting medium, a condenser (8) and a food container (9), with heat turned on between the main container (8) and the water container (9). The invention also includes methods for rapidly and temporarily increasing the power generation efficiency of a solar power station (1).
id-WO2013041412A1    abstract-They came up with a way to produce gas from power fuels. Using appropriate treatment methods, such as water, dust, vacuum, gas conversion, vacuum cleaning, etc., these gases can be synthesized by synthesizer. Therefore, methanol, DME and fuel form different synthesis systems, which can also be used for electricity production in gas and steam substitution processes. It is characterized by the following ways: - pneumatischer traffic staubformigen Brennstoffes where there is more than Fordergas Suspensionsdichten visited 200-500 kg/m 3, Vergasung in and oxygen the reactor gekuhlter Reaktionsraumkontur, ordered wasserdurchstromenden Kuhlschirmes have no component, measure the amount of fuel given to Warmemenge and Temperaturmessung Kuhlwassers use the specified Warmemenge as Regelgroße attitude - oxygen relationship, requiring the establishment of safety circuits, To limit the liquid heat of the cooling tube < 300 kW /m 2 >.
id-WO2013050803A1    abstract-A plant for co - generation of electricity and heating of water. Said plant comprises a combustion chamber (10) for combustion of biomass or of some other fuel. This plant comprises a circulating line (11) for the flue gases produced in said combustion chamber. The plant also comprises an operational circuit in which an organic fluid circulates, operating according to a Rankine cycle. The plant according to the invention further comprises a heat exchange group comprising at least one heat exchanger unit which comprises in its turn at least one first casing (31 ) that can be traversed by said combustion flue gases and at least one second casing (41), physically separate from said first casing (31 ), that can be traversed by said organic fluid. Said unit comprises a plurality of heat pipes (151, 15", 15'"), separated from one another, arranged in such a way that for each of said heat pipes (15 ', 15", 15"') a first portion (16 ') and a second portion (16") are housed respectively in said first casing (31) and in said second casing (31).
id-WO2013050129A1    abstract-The device discharging hot waste gas shall discharge from the heat source (1) and reverse to the heat transfer device (2). The heat contained in the exhaust gas is partially transferred to the heat carrier flow. Warmeubertrager (2) consists of the first chamber (3) hot exhaust initiated and has at least Warmeubertragungsmodul (4) with the second chamber (8) and command Warmerohren (5). The chamber (8) initiated by the warm first chamber (3) concerning the gradual transfer of exhaust gases to the Warmetragerfluid in the second chamber (3) is a kind of emulsion collection provided for in the first Chamber (6) concerning the Absetzkammer. This technique will allow you to warm up efficiently and release dust from hot sewage streams.
id-EP2600058A1    abstract-This invention is the use of steam devices to feed a liquid metal into a gas or clay, especially in solar thermal power plants to produce steam. The Dampferzeuger includes at least one Warmetragermediumbehalter (1) executing this Warmetragermedium, especially a thermo-ol Salz-Schmelze or hairspray, ossification, and several parallel geschaltete The Arbeitsmediumleitungen(2), while the Warmetragermediumbehalter (1) range and the Arbeitsmedium are parallel ossified so that heat is transported by the carrier to the carrier erfindungsgemaß is envisaged to be at least one of the parallel ge schalteten Arbeitsmediumleitungen At least one awe-inspiring Arbeitsmediumleitungen(2) or (2) is shown by Absperrvorrichtung(5),Arbeitsmediumleitung(2) or awe-inspiring Arbeitsme diumleitungen lastabhangig (2), or aufschaltbar.
