id-WO2022154674A1    abstract-A combined boiler for the supply of hot water and steam is described. The boiler is an electrode boiler with separate outputs for hot water and steam. The electrode boiler comprises a container (1), with a vessel (2) mounted inside the container (1), several electrodes (4) projecting into the vessel (2), the electrodes (4) being connected to a source for high voltage current, as well as a pump (6) arranged to pump water from the bottom of the container (1) via an outlet pipeline (7) and up into the tank (2) via an inlet pipeline (8). The changeover between steam and hot water mode takes place with a control system (9). In addition, the boiler is equipped with a source (14) for the supply of nitrogen. This is used in hot water mode, while the nitrogen source is disconnected when the boiler is run in steam mode.
id-WO2022155777A1    abstract-A waste heat recovery and utilization device for glycerol refining production process comprises a first condenser (1), an air inlet of a first condenser (1) is connected with an air outlet of a distillation kettle (2) through a pipeline, an air outlet of a first condenser (1) is connected with an air inlet of a second condenser (3) through a pipeline, and an air outlet of a first condenser (1) is connected with an air inlet of a second condenser (3) through a pipeline. The distillate outlet of the first condenser (1) and the second condenser (3) is respectively connected with the distillate temporary collection tank (4) through a pipeline, and also includes the drum (5), the cooling medium shell outlet of the first condenser (1) is connected with the air inlet of the drum (5) through a pipeline, and the air outlet of the drum (5) is connected with the steam distribution table (6) through a pipeline; The inlet of the drum (5) is connected with the water refill tank (7) through the pipeline, and the outlet of the drum (5) is connected with the inlet of the cooling medium shell of the first condenser (1) through the pipeline, which realizes the recovery and utilization of the waste heat steam generated by the high temperature gasification of the water phase in the shell of the first condenser (1) in the glycerol refining, making full use of the heat energy and greatly saving energy.
id-WO2022173610A2    abstract-Supports with integrated sensors for nuclear reactor steam generators, and associated systems and methods, are disclosed. A representative method for forming a nuclear-powered steam generator includes forming an instrumented support, the instrumented support including a carrier portion and a retainer portion, with at least one of the carrier portion or the retainer portion being integrally formed with a sensor via an additive manufacturing process. The method can further include coupling the sensor to a communication link, supporting a helical steam conduit on the instrumented support, and installing the helical steam conduit and the instrumented support in a nuclear reactor. The helical steam conduit is positioned along a primary flow path, which is in turn positioned to circulate a heated primary flow in thermal communication with the helical steam conduit.
id-WO2022209003A1    abstract-Provide heat storage power plants that can perform heat storage power generation efficiently. According to one embodiment, a thermal storage power plant stores the thermal energy supplied from the heating part (1) and USES a thermal storage device (2) that USES the thermal energy to heat the heat medium; It is equipped with a steam generator (4) to generate electricity. The thermal storage power plant also includes the first flow path (line P1) for transmitting the heat medium from the thermal storage device (2) to the steam generator (4). P2) and a second flow path (lines P3 and P4) for transferring the heat medium from the steam generator (4) to the heat storage device (2). The thermal storage power plant also includes the auxiliary part (11) on the first flow path (line P1, P2) and the second flow path (line P3, The bypass flow path (12) is used to bypass the heat storage device (2) and transport the heat medium flowing P4) to the auxiliary part (11). The auxiliary part (11) is supplied with the first heat medium as the heat medium from the heat storage device (2). The second heat medium is supplied from the second flow path (lines P3 and P4) through the bypass flow path (12) as the heat medium, and the third heat medium is supplied to the steam generator (4) as the heat medium.
id-US11578706B2    abstract-Systems and methods for generating and a controller for controlling generation of geothermal power in an organic Rankine cycle (ORC) operation in the vicinity of a wellhead during hydrocarbon production to thereby supply electrical power to one or more of in-field operational equipment, a grid power structure, and an energy storage device. In an embodiment, during hydrocarbon production, a temperature of a flow of wellhead fluid from the wellhead or working fluid may be determined. If the temperature is above a vaporous phase change threshold of the working fluid, heat exchanger valves may be opened to divert flow of wellhead fluid to heat exchangers to facilitate heat transfer from the flow of wellhead fluid to working fluid through the heat exchangers, thereby to cause the working fluid to change from a liquid to vapor, the vapor to cause a generator to generate electrical power via rotation of an expander.
id-US11624355B2    abstract-Systems and methods for generating electrical power in an organic Rankine cycle (ORC) operation include one or more heat exchangers incorporated into mobile heat generation units, and which will receive a heated fluid flow from one or more heat sources, and transfer heat therefrom to a working fluid that is circulated through an ORC unit for generation of power. In embodiments, the mobile heat generation units comprise pre-packaged modules with one or more heat exchangers connected to a pump of a recirculation system, including an array of piping, such that each mobile heat generation unit can be transported to the site and installed as a substantially stand-alone module or heat generation assembly.
id-US20220341402A1    abstract-Systems and methods for generating and a controller for controlling generation of geothermal power in an organic Rankine cycle (ORC) operation to thereby supply electrical power to one or more of in-field operational equipment, a grid power structure, and an energy storage device. In an embodiment, during hydrocarbon production, a temperature of a flow of heated fluid from a source or working fluid may be determined. If the temperature is above a vaporous phase change threshold of the working fluid, heat exchanger valves may be opened to divert flow of heated fluid to heat exchangers to facilitate heat transfer from the flow of wellhead fluid to working fluid through the heat exchangers, thereby to cause the working fluid to change from a liquid to vapor, the vapor to cause a generator to generate electrical power via rotation of an expander.
id-WO2022213038A1    abstract-Systems and methods for generating and a controller for controlling generation of geothermal power in an organic Rankine cycle (ORC) operation in the vicinity of a wellhead during hydrocarbon production to thereby supply electrical power to one or more of in-field operational equipment, a grid power structure, and an energy storage device. In an embodiment, during hydrocarbon production, a temperature of a flow of wellhead fluid from the wellhead or working fluid may be determined. If the temperature is above a vaporous phase change threshold of the working fluid, heat exchanger valves may be opened to divert flow of wellhead fluid to heat exchangers to facilitate heat transfer from the flow of wellhead fluid to working fluid through the heat exchangers, thereby to cause the working fluid to change from a liquid to vapor, the vapor to cause a generator to generate electrical power via rotation of an expander.
id-WO2022213130A1    abstract-Systems and methods for generating electrical power in an organic Rankine cycle (ORC) operation include one or more heat exchangers incorporated into mobile heat generation units, and which will receive a heated fluid flow from one or more heat sources, and transfer heat therefrom to a working fluid that is circulated through an ORC unit for generation of power. In embodiments, the mobile heat generation units comprise pre-packaged modules with one or more heat exchangers connected to a pump of a recirculation system, including an array of piping, such that each mobile heat generation unit can be transported to the site and installed as a substantially stand-alone module or heat generation assembly.
id-US11441394B1    abstract-A system and method of generating electricity. A work string extends into a wellbore. A heat pump unit at a surface location circulates a working fluid through the work string to absorb heat from a formation surrounding the wellbore. A turbine generates a rotation from the working fluid that has absorbed the heat. A generator generates electricity from the rotation of the turbine. The electricity is transmitted to the surface location via an electrical cable.
id-US20230029941A1    abstract-A system and method of transferring heat from the ground is described. At least one heat pipe is provided that has a hollow interior, a heat output end, and a heat input end. The heat output end is positioned higher that the heat input end. The hollow interior contains a working fluid that transfers heat from the input end to the output end. The working fluid is a liquid at a first temperature and a gas at a second temperature where the second temperature is greater than the first temperature. The working fluid becomes a gas as it is heated at the heat input end and returns to a liquid at the heat output end of the pipe when the heat is transferred out of the heat pipe. The heat transferred from the heat output end of the heat pipe is captured for future use.
id-WO2023011863A1    abstract-Steam generating device (V) comprising a boiler (2) equipped with: - a heating chamber (3) containing an electrically conductive aqueous solution (4); - a water inlet (5) opening into the heating chamber (3); - a heat production apparatus (10) adapted to generate steam by heating said aqueous solution (4) contained in the heating chamber (3); - a steam outlet (6) to evacuate the said steam produced inside the heating chamber; - a conductive probe (8) to detect the achievement of at least a first predetermined level of aqueous solution (Nvmin) in the heating chamber. The steam generating device includes a demineralized water supply (60) connected to the water inlet (5) in such a way that the water admitted into the heating chamber (3) is exclusively demineralized water.
id-WO2023081181A1    abstract-A system and method including a sulfur recovery system (SRU) having a Claus system, reacting hydrogen sulfide and oxygen in a furnace to give sulfur dioxide, performing a Claus reaction in the furnace to give elemental sulfur, performing the Claus reaction in a Claus reactor to give elemental sulfur at a temperature greater than a dew point of the elemental sulfur, performing the Claus reaction in a Claus cycling reactor to give elemental sulfur at a temperature less than a solidification temperature of the elemental sulfur, depositing the elemental sulfur as solid elemental sulfur on catalyst in the Claus cycling reactor, and regenerating (heating) the Claus cycling reactor thereby forming elemental sulfur vapor from the solid elemental sulfur.
id-WO2023090744A1    abstract-This invention is lead or tube caused by steam, and can prevent the corrosion of lead cooling fast reactor safety, health and improve heat transfer efficiency can lead cooling fast reactor cavity wall single - pass 증기발생기 about according to the invention, by cooling fast reactor cavity wall single - pass 증기발생기, influx of cooling water to the upper inlet and a steam outlet vapor emitted courage formed respectively; Being installed to penetrate the inside of the above container in a straight line up and down, multiple heat transfer tubes with lead or lead-bismuth coolant flowing inside; 상기 remind your of courage and revenge try to separate the space between the tube installed in the top, and the influx of these awards, and connected to your container bottom recall formed into open water from being drawn into the container through the inlet into the bottom of induction of preheated oven while conductive metal barrels (barrel); The upper preheating tube govt from the upper part of the above container supporting the upper part of the above multiple preheating tubes; The lower preheating tube high government supporting the lower part of the above multiple preheating tubes in the lower part of the above container; And includes a preheating pipe support plate installed on the inside of the above barrel to support the above multiple preheating pipes;
