id-US20120186783A1    abstract-Heat is reclaimed from a high temperature gasifier exhaust gas of between 250° C. and 20000C. A first duct receives the exhaust gas, and outputs it at a reduced temperature. A second duct receives a heat transfer fluid and outputs it at an elevated temperature. A heat transfer arrangement conducts heat extracted from the product gas to the heat transfer fluid (steam), thereby elevating the temperature of the heat transfer fluid. A heat pipe formed of sodium, potassium, rubidium, or lithium, has a first end for communicating with the high temperature exhaust gas and a second end for communicating with the heat transfer fluid. The heat pipe has an envelope formed of a selectable combination of stainless steel, Inconel, nickel, molybdenum, tungsten, niobium, carbon, carbon composite, and Hastelloy X, and a safety valve that ensures safe operation. An adiabatic zone is interposed between the first and second ducts.
id-US9612058B2    abstract-In one aspect, the invention can be a heat exchanger comprising: a shell having an inner surface forming a cavity, the shell comprising an inlet for introducing the shell-side liquid into the cavity and an outlet for allowing the vapor to exit the cavity; a tube bundle comprising a plurality of tubes for carrying a tube-side fluid located in the cavity and having a longitudinal axis; a shroud circumferentially surrounding the tube bundle and positioned between the tube bundle and the inner surface of the shell so that an annular space exists between the shroud and the inner surface; an opening in a bottom portion of the shroud that forms a passageway between the annular space and the tube bundle; and an opening in a top portion of the shroud that forms a passageway between the annular space and the tube bundle.
id-US8697819B2    abstract-The present invention relates to a process for producing steam using heat recovered from a polymerization reaction. In particular, the present invention relates to a process for producing steam using heat recovered from a polymerization reaction for producing polyolefin, comprising the steps of: thermally contacting said polymerization reaction with a cooling fluid such that the cooling fluid removes heat from said reaction, thermally contacting at least part of said cooling fluid with at least one absorption cycle thereby transferring heat from the cooling fluid to said absorption cycle, using said absorption cycle to produce steam from a condensate, wherein the cooling fluid is used as a hot source for heating at least one evaporator and at least one generator comprised in said at least one absorption cycle. The present invention also relates to a process for cooling a polymerization reaction using a process as described herein. Said invention also relates to a polyolefin producing unit.
id-US20110277554A1    abstract-A reduction in cost and improvement in evaluation accuracy are achieved. Provided is an in-plane compressive strength evaluation device ( 10 ) that is provided with a memory unit ( 21 ) into which, when an in-plane compressive strength evaluation is actually performed using a test piece, an evaluation result related to the load and a displacement in the test piece is stored as first information; a first analysis unit ( 22 ) that obtains, by producing a structural model of a test piece and performing a simulation of the in-plane compressive strength evaluation, second information that is an evaluation result related to the load and a displacement of the structural model; an adjustment unit ( 23 ) that adjusts an elemental factor of the structural model that influences the in-plane compressive strength such that the second information approaches the first information; and a second analysis unit ( 24 ) that, in a state where the elemental factor used when the second information approaches the first information most closely is maintained, expands the structural model into the structural form of the actual tube support plate, and that performs the in-plane compressive strength evaluation using the expanded structural model.
id-WO2011018814A2    abstract-The invention concerns a method and a system for locally pressurizing a first circuit in which a vector fluid flows with an initial pressure coming from a heater and provided for the heat Exchange in a heat Exchange group with a second fluid flowing in another circuit with a second pressure higher than the first. On the outward line of the first circuit is inserted at least a pressurization means (31 ) to increase the vector fluid pressure upstream of the input in the heat exchange group up to a pressure corresponding to that of the second fluid. On the return line of the first circuit is inserted a means (32) for reducing the pressure for lowering the pressure of the vector fluid downstream of the exit of the heat exchanger group towards the heater.
id-US20110083619A1    abstract-A heat exchange assembly for generating steam from a second medium to be used to drive a steam turbine for generating electricity or for other process, includes a tube having a longitudinal axis and an inner wall and an outer wall. The outer wall includes a plurality of spaced fins oriented generally perpendicular to the longitudinal axis. The inner wall defines a preheat zone and a dual phase zone. The preheat zone defines a helical rib configured to provide swirling motion and increase heat transfer surface area to liquid entering the tube increasing heat transfer from the tube to the liquid. The dual phase zone is spaced from the preheat zone and defines a helical rib configured to provide swirling motion to steam and liquid passing through the dual phase zone increasing heat transfer from the tube to the steam and liquid while preventing vapor stagnation and film boiling.
