id-WO2019150179A1    abstract-A steam generator includes a shroud and an annular stepwise helical baffle extending along at least part of a length of the shroud. There is a riser located in a central region of the steam generator. The helical baffle is made of at least one annular sector of flat plates. The edges of the flat plates may be straight or corrugated.
id-US11035259B2    abstract-A method of recovering heat from an exhaust stream during a manufacturing process is provided. The method includes providing a condensing heat exchanger having a first side with cold recirculation water and a second side; passing an exhaust stream of vapors having a temperature of 500 degrees F. or less into the heat exchanger through the second side. Heat from the exhaust stream is transferred to the first side of the condensing heat exchanger and the vapors are thus cooled to the dew point to cause condensation. The condensation is collected in a condensate tank where an amount recovered is from 20% to 75%. The condensate water is transferred to a flash tank and used to adjust the volume of the recirculation water routed thereto. External make-up water is input into the flash tank but is reduced by the amount of condensate water recovered by the heat stack recovery system.
id-WO2019191671A1    abstract-Methods and systems for generating power (and optionally heat) from a high value heat source using a plurality of circulating loops comprising a primary heat transfer loop, several power cycle loops and an intermediate heat transfer loop that transfers heat from the high-temperature heat transfer loop to the several power cycle loops. The intermediate heat transfer loop is arranged to eliminate to the extent practical the shell and tube heat exchangers especially those heat exchangers that have a very large pressure difference between the tube side and shell side, to eliminate shell and tube, plate type, double pipe and similar heat exchangers that transfer heat directly from the primary heat transfer loop to the several power cycle loops with very high differential pressures and to maximize the use of heat transfer coils similar in design as are used in a heat recovery steam generator commonly used to transfer heat from gas turbine flue gas to steam or other power cycle fluids as part of a combined cycle power plant.
id-WO2019192173A1    abstract-The invention provides an acid energy recovery device and a method for a gas system containing S03. The device comprises a reactor (1), an evaporator (3) and an evaporative deaerator (6). The bottom of the reactor (1) is connected with the evaporator (3) through a circulating pump (2), and an output end of the evaporator (3) is connected with the upper part of the reactor (1) through a mixer (4). The other output end of the evaporator (3) is successively connected with the evaporator feed water heater (5), the evaporative deaerator (6) and the demineralized water preheater (7), and the output pipe of the process gas containing SO 3 is connected with the bottom of the reactor (1). The device uses the heat from the external supply of sulfuric acid to directly produce low-pressure steam, and then sends it to the process gas pipeline in front of the reactor to replace part of the mixer with water, reduce the working load of the mixer, reduce the circulating acid flow rate, reduce the power consumption of the circulating pump, and more importantly, without additional energy consumption, the heat of the low steam is converted into the heat of high temperature concentrated acid. And through the evaporator to produce more and higher pressure of low pressure steam.
id-US20200143950A1    abstract-This invention fundamentally changes the basic design principles adopted over the last 50 years that addresses the basic root cause for the station blackout threat faced by all nuclear power plants. The Fukushima nuclear accident that occurred in Japan in 2011 could have turned benign had the plant implemented this invention. It uniquely utilizes the decay heat directly from the reactor core through steam cycles to produce useable power onsite with one or a number of steam turbines of less capacities in combination with compatible electric generators. Such arrangement is reliable to be the onsite energy source. The electric power produced by generators attached to these steam turbines could support necessary all safety functions. The result is that during the first week of urgent threat to the nuclear reactor, there will always be electric power available to run the safety equipment, computers, lighting and other vital devices continuously.
id-US20200005950A1    abstract-A compact pressurized water nuclear reactor having connected to the reactor pressure vessel a plurality of horizontal pressure vessels, with all the horizontal pressure vessels connected to the reactor pressure vessel by a single connection between the respective nozzle of the reactor pressure vessel with the respective nozzle of each horizontal pressure vessel.
id-JP6645624B1    abstract-It is a heat pump steam generation device that absorbs heat from the heat source water into a refrigerant to prevent scale adhesion, and transmits the heat absorbed by the refrigerant to the heated water to produce steam. The heat pump unit circulates and circulates the refrigerant, the heat source water supply unit circulates the heat source water to the evaporator, and the steam generation unit generates steam by circulating the heated water introduced from the outside to the condenser. In this case, a control unit is provided for diluting the steam generation unit to increase the flow rate of the imported heated water from the outside.
id-US20200124363A1    abstract-A heat recovery system includes a plurality of heat source portions; a heat exchanger connected to the heat source portions via a primary flow path portion through which a first fluid flows, and configured to perform heat exchange between the first fluid and a second fluid; a valve mechanism configured to select a flow path that connects the heat exchanger and the heat source portions; and a power generation unit connected to the heat exchanger via a secondary flow path portion through which the second fluid flows, and configured to generate electric power using the second fluid. Timing of a temperature rise of the first fluid in one heat source portion is different from that in another heat source portion. The valve mechanism operates in accordance with the timing of the temperature rise of the first fluid in each of the heat source portions.
id-US20210155854A1    abstract-An atmospheric pressure water ion generating device is arranged in a triphase organic matter pyrolysis system which includes a steam generating device and a pyrolysis and carbonization reaction device. The water ion generating device includes a connecting pipe connected with the steam generating device, and having an interior that is penetrated, a heating tube having a first end connected with the connecting pipe and having an interior provided with an air channel, and a spraying head connected with a second end of the heating tube, and having an interior that is tapered. The air channel has a surface provided with an alloy catalyst layer. The spraying head is provided with a nozzle which is connected with the pyrolysis and carbonization reaction device.
