id-US9869466B2    abstract-A heat recovery system arranged to heat water includes at least one heat exchanger ( 9 ) arranged to heat water by heat exchange with waste heat. A storage reservoir ( 11 ) is arranged to store water heated by the heat exchanger ( 9 ). The heat exchanger ( 9 ) is switchable between a first mode of operation in which water is circulated by a pump ( 12 ) in a circuit that includes the storage reservoir ( 11 ) and the heat exchanger ( 9 ), and a second mode of operation in which water is circulated by the pump ( 12 ) in a circuit that by-passes the heat exchanger ( 9 ). Heated water of at least a desired minimum temperature can be supplied to at least one outlet during both the first and second modes of operation.
id-US20130213450A1    abstract-A thermoelectric generation apparatus  1  including a high-temperature pipe  10  through which a high-temperature fluid passes; a low-temperature pipe  20  disposed horizontally adjacent to the high-temperature pipe  10  and through which a low-temperature fluid having a temperature lower than that of the high-temperature fluid passes; a thermoelectric module  32  interposed between the high-temperature pipe  10  and the low-temperature pipe  20  and generating power using a temperature difference between the high-temperature pipe  10  and the low-temperature pipe  20;  a fluid chamber  28  connected to an upper portion. and a lower portion of the low-temperature pipe  20,  parallel to the low-temperature pipe  20  and a fluid replenisher  110  capable of replenishing the fluid chamber  28  with the low-temperature fluid in a liquid state.
id-US20160036079A1    abstract-Embodiments are disclosed that relate to a compact steam boiler which may provide steam to a steam reformer in a fuel cell system. For example, one disclosed embodiment provides a steam boiler including an outer shell and a first inner tube and a second inner tube within the outer shell, the first and second inner tubes spaced away from one another. The steam boiler further includes a twisted ribbon positioned inside each of the first and second inner tubes.
id-US20130269907A1    abstract-A heat exchanger for generating steam from water is disclosed. The exchanger comprises a first heat exchanging chamber, a second heat exchanging chamber and an array of heat pipes which are arranged to extend from within the first heat exchanging chamber to within the second heat exchanging chamber. The first heat exchanging chamber comprises a distributed inlet for passing the water into the first chamber from a distributed position around the chamber and an outlet through which the steam can exit the first chamber, the water being arranged to pass over the portion of the heat pipes which extend within the first chamber. The second heat exchanging chamber comprises an inlet for receiving a gas into the chamber and an outlet through which the gas can exit the second chamber, the gas being arranged to pass over the portion of the heat pipes which extend within the second chamber.
