id-US20100212605A1    abstract-A steam generator is provided in which the total heat transfer efficiency can be improved by suppressing a reduction in the amount of heat exchange at an inlet side of heat transfer tubes while maintaining the effect of increasing the amount of heat exchange at an outlet side thereof. A steam generator includes a heat transfer tube group formed of a plurality of heat transfer tubes secured to a tube plate; an annular channel that is formed so as to cover the circumference of the heat transfer tube group and that has an opening for communicating with the heat transfer tube group at a lower portion thereof; a water supply box that is disposed at an upper portion of the annular channel and that supplies water to a cold-side portion of the heat transfer tubes; and a steam/water separator that is disposed above the heat transfer tube group and that separates water heated while passing from the annular passage along the circumference of the heat transfer tubes into steam and hot water, in which a porous plate for removing air bubbles is provided at an upper portion of the annular channel in the hot-side portion of the heat transfer tubes.
id-US11569001B2    abstract-A neutron absorbing insert for use in a fuel rack. In one aspect, the insert includes: a plate structure having a first wall and a second wall that is non-coplanar to the first wall; the first and second walls being formed by a single panel of a metal matrix composite having neutron absorbing particulate reinforcement that is bent into the non-coplanar arrangement along a crease; and a plurality of spaced-apart holes formed into the single panel along the crease prior to bending.
id-US9428831B2    abstract-A heat equalizer includes a container structure, a material feed pipe, and a heating mechanism. The container structure includes an inner container and an outer container. In the outer container, a working fluid is held. Respective upper ends of the inner container and the outer container are joined to form a hollow portion between the inner container and the outer container. The material feed pipe extends from an outside of the container structure to the inner surface of the inner container. The heating mechanism is placed at the bottom of the outer container. At the bottom surface of the inner container, a plurality of protrusions protruding toward the inside of the inner container and depressions formed by the bottom surface depressed inward of the protrusions and capable of receiving the vaporized working fluid are formed.
