id-EP2152487B1    abstract-A method of recycling composite material comprising carbon fibres and a resin, the method comprising: providing a furnace comprising at least a heating portion; providing a transporter for transporting the composite material through the furnace; loading the composite material on the transporter and transporting the composite material through the furnace; detecting a percentage of oxygen in an atmosphere in the heating portion when the composite material has entered this portion; and removing resin from the composite material, as it travels through the heating portion of the furnace on the transporter, by means of chemical decomposition at a first temperature, with the resultant generation of fumes; wherein the generated fumes are removed from the heating portion in a controlled manner, such that the percentage of oxygen in the atmosphere in the heating portion is controlled.
id-US20120211929A1    abstract-A post-combustion lance for directing a gas at least partially therethrough. The post-combustion lance includes a body extending between an upstream end and a downstream end of the lance, the body including upper and lower portions and a post-combustion distributor mounted therebetween. The lance also includes an internal support assembly for supporting the body, the internal support assembly including an internal tube positioned inside the body and at least partially engaged with the lower portion, and at least partially engaged with the upper portion of the body, so that the internal support assembly supports the body both upstream and downstream relative to the distributor. The lance also includes a lower o-ring gland positioned downstream relative to the internal support assembly and an upper o-ring gland positioned upstream relative to the lower o-ring gland.
id-EP2078759A1    abstract-Gegenstand der Erfindung ist die Verwendung eines Drehtrommelofens zur Schmelzgewinnung von Schwermetallen, insbesondere im Zuge eines Schwermetall-Recycling-Prozesses. Der Drehtrommelofen ist mit einer drehbar gelagerten Ofentrommel (2) mit Trommelmantel (3) ausgerüstet. Am Trommelmantel (3) ist wenigstens ein ins Innere der Ofentrommel (2) ragender Rührkörper (8) angeordnet.
id-WO2009088056A1    abstract-レジスト剤を塗布した被焼成物を焼成する熱処理装置から発生する排ガスを浄化する触媒を提供すること。 　ゼオライト粒子（成分１）と、貴金属を担持した無機酸化物粒子（成分２）とを、成分１：成分２の重量比で９０：１０～１０：９０の割合で含有してなる、レジスト剤を塗布した熱処理炉排ガスの浄化用触媒。
id-DK200800141A    abstract-
id-WO2009092645A1    abstract-A method for producing cement clinker from raw material in a cement plant, by which method hot gases from a kiln system (3), through an inlet duct (4), which is connecting the kiln system (3) to a drier crusher (1 ), are directed into the drier crusher (1 ) to which also raw material, via a raw material inlet (5), is fed in order to be crushed and dried for subsequently, in suspended form, to be carried to a classifier (2) via an outlet duct (6), which is connecting the drier crusher (1 ) to the classifier (2). The method is peculiar in that at least some of the hot gases in the inlet duct (4), via a bypass duct (7) connecting the inlet duct (4) to the outlet duct (6), are bypassed the drier crusher (1 ) and directed into the outlet duct (6) at a location between the classifier (2) and the drier crusher (1 ). Hereby it is obtained that the raw material is further dried by the bypassed gases while being carried to the classifier. In this way the volume of hot gases used for drying can be increased, i.e. the drying capacity of the system can be increased without causing an increase in the pressure loss across the drier crusher.
id-KR100870470B1    abstract-본 발명은 소성로에 관한 것으로, 더욱 상세하게는 소성에 필요한 열에너지를 피소성물의 자체 열량에 의해 소성이 이루어지도록 함으로써 연료를 대폭 절감할 수 있는 소성로에 관한 것이다.      상기 본 발명의 구성은, 소성로 본체(10)와, 상기 본체(10)의 하부 둘레에 설치된 원형 레일(24)과, 상기 원형레일(24) 위에서 회전가능하게 설치되어 소성로의 바닥부를 구성하며, 중앙부에 배출구(22)를 구비함과 동시에 상기 배출구(22)를 향해 완만한 하향경사면을 이루는 회전테이블(20)과, 외부에 설치되어 동력전달장치를 통해 상기 회전테이블(20)을 저속으로 회전시키는 구동장치(26)와, 상기 소성로 본체(10)의 상부에 구비되어 피소성물을 상기 회전테이블(20)의 측부로 투입하는 투입장치(30)와, 상기 회전테이블(20)의 배출구(22) 하부에 설치되어 소성된 소성물을 배출시키는 배출장치(40)와, 상기 소성로 내부의 회전테이블(20)에 적층된 피소성물을 향하여 연소열을 가하는 버너(50)와, 상기 소성로 본체(10) 상부에 설치되어 배기가스를 배출시키는 배기장치(60)로 구성됨을 특징으로 한다.             소성로, 회전테이블, 자체연소, 열량
id-US7794524B2    abstract-A method and apparatus for removing purifying vaporizable contaminants such as mercury from a particulate material. Particulate material is first contacted with heated gases to vaporize the contaminants and entrain the material in the gases. The gases are directed to a first dust collector to remove the entrained particulates, after which a sorbent or chemical reagent is injected in the gases to interact with the contaminants and form a contaminant containing product that is entrained in the gases. The product is then separated from the gases in a second collector.
id-CN100404991C    abstract-大型水泥窑烟气治理的工艺及其装置，从大型水泥窑窑尾排出的高温窑尾烟气进入窑尾预热器与物料搅拌后排出，烟气在烟气管道中经涡旋式增湿预除尘装置增湿、降温后，由高温风机送入袋式除尘器净化，经主排风机，由烟囱排出，烟气中的部分微尘在涡流板产生的涡流作用下团聚、并与粉尘中的大颗粒一并落入灰斗中，灰斗内设有斜置的百叶窗式过滤板，灰斗的底部设有螺旋输送机。涡旋式增湿预除尘装置由喷雾嘴、水管、压力阀、涡流板、过滤板及控制机构构成，在烟气管道的底部设有灰斗。烟气治理的工艺流程更加简单、合理，大大降低了制造成本，提高了除尘效率，除尘效果好，节能效果明显，特别适用于去除大型水泥窑窑尾烟气中的微细粒子。
id-US8420928B2    abstract-A device for recovering waste heat in the form of radiated light, e.g. red visible light and/or infrared light includes a housing having a viewing window, and a photovoltaic cell mounted in the housing in a relationship to the viewing window, wherein rays of radiated light pass through the viewing window and impinge on surface of the photovoltaic cell. The housing and/or the cell are cooled so that the device can be used with a furnace for an industrial process, e.g. mounting the device with a view of the interior of the heating chamber of a glass making furnace. In this manner, the rays of the radiated light generated during the melting of glass batch materials in the heating chamber pass through the viewing window and impinge on the surface of the photovoltaic cells to generate electric current which is passed onto an electric load.
id-KR20080051115A    abstract-본 발명은 전기로에서 발생되는 고온의 가스를 배출하는 덕트에 관한 것으로, 수냉을 위한 이중 벽의 구조를 가진 덕트의 내관의 양단 주연부를 절곡시켜 내관 단부 플랜지를 형성시킴으로써, 용접으로 내관과 외관의 양단부를 밀폐하던 종래의 구조에서 발생하던 용접부 파열의 문제점을 해소한 발명에 관한 것이다.      본 발명에 따르면, 양단부에 연결 플랜지가 형성되고, 양단부측에 관통되게 파이프가 설치된 외관; 외관의 내부에 삽입되어 외관과의 사이에 공간부를 형성시키는 내관; 내관과 외관 사이의 공간부에 나선형으로 설치되어 냉각수가 흐르는 관로를 형성하는 나선판; 내관과 외관의 양단부에 설치되어 냉각수가 흐르는 공간부를 밀폐하는 내관 단부 플랜지;를 포함하여 구성된 전기로용 덕트에 있어서, 상기 내관 단부 플랜지는 내관의 양단부가 외측으로 절곡되어 형성되고, 끝단부가 외관의 단부 가장자리와 용접된 용접부에 의해 일체로 형성된 전기로용 덕트가 제공된다.             전기로, 덕트, 가스, 분진, 수냉
id-WO2009107620A1    abstract-【課題】セメントキルン排ガスから低コストで効率よく水銀を除去する。【解決手段】セメント焼成工程のプレヒータ２の最上段サイクロンから排出された燃焼排ガスであって、温度が２５０°C以上３５０°C未満のガスを分取する分取装置４～６と、分取装置で分取した分取ガスＧ２に含まれる揮発状態の水銀を回収する水銀回収装置１０とを備えるセメントキルン排ガスの処理装置１等。水銀が凝縮したダストから水銀を回収するなどの操作が不要となり、低コストで効率よく水銀を除去することが可能になる。分取ガスＧ２を乾式冷却して所定の温度に調温する調温装置７と、調温装置によって調温された分取ガスＧ３、Ｄを固気分離する固気分離装置８とを備え、水銀回収装置は、固気分離装置によって分離された分取ガスＧ３から水銀を回収することができる。調温装置は、分取ガスを１５０°C以上２５０°C以下に冷却する。
id-WO2009103257A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren zur Oxidation brennbarer Bestandteile im Abgas eines Lichtbogenofens, wobei in das Abgas durch an mehreren Stellen im Ofenraum angebrachte Injektoren Sauerstoff zur Oxidation der brennbaren Bestandteile im Abgas injiziert wird. Hierzu ist vorgesehen, dass der Anteil brennbarer Abgasbestandteile im unmittelbaren Bereich der einzelnen Sauerstoff-Injektoren gemessen und die Sauerstoffzufuhr in Abhängig von dieser Messung für die einzelnen Injektoren zeitlich und/oder örtlich differenziert gesteuert wird.
id-EP2253915B1    abstract-
id-CN101959824A    abstract-本发明是水泥窑抽出气体之处理系统及处理方法，在利用触媒进行水泥窑抽出气体之净化处理时，将因酸性气体导致的触媒中毒抑制于最小限度，同时，有效地去除抽出气体所含之有机污染物质。在水泥窑抽出气体之处理系统中，设有从自水泥窑之窑尾起至最下段的旋风器之窑排气流路抽出燃烧气体的一部分之抽气装置(5)；一面冷却抽气装置(5)所抽出之抽出气体(G2)一面回收热之第1热交换器(11)；从第1热交换器(11)所冷却之抽出气体(G2)分离粉尘之袋滤器(12)；利用第1热交换器(11)所回收之热对已分离粉尘之排气(G3)加热的第2热交换器(17)；及从第2热交换器(17)所加热之排气(G4)分解、去除有机污染物质的触媒装置(18)。
id-KR20100121534A    abstract-본 발명의 시멘트 제조 설비에서의 탈륨의 회수 방법은 상기 시멘트 제조 설비의 서스펜션 프리히터(1)의 가스 출구 또는 시멘트 킬른(3)의 탈염 장치의 가스 출구보다 하류의 연소 가스의 유로에서 이 연소 가스에 포함되는 먼지를 포집하는 포집 공정과, 이 포집된 먼지를 수세해 슬러리 또는 수용액을 얻는 수세 공정과, 이 슬러리 또는 수용액을 고액 분리해 탈륨을 회수하는 여과 공정을 가지는, 시멘트 제조 설비로부터 배출되는 연소 가스에 포함되는 탈륨을 회수한다.
id-EP2258996A1    abstract-In separating a blast furnace gas discharged from a blast furnace top into gases each containing a gas component as a main component by using two-stage gas separation/refinement apparatuses, a method for separating the blast furnace gas includes separating the blast furnace gas into a gas containing carbon dioxide and an unavoidable impurity gas component and a gas containing nitrogen, carbon monoxide, and an unavoidable impurity gas component by using a first stage gas separation/refinement apparatus (S1) and separating the gas containing nitrogen, carbon monoxide, and the unavoidable impurity gas component separated by using the first stage gas separation/refinement apparatus into a gas containing nitrogen and an unavoidable impurity gas component and a gas containing carbon monoxide and an unavoidable impurity gas component by using a second stage gas separation/refinement apparatus (S2).
id-CN101959825A    abstract-本发明为一种水泥制造方法，其课题系对水泥之品质不造成影响，亦确保水泥制造装置之安全性，亦可避免环境负担之增加，且可以良好效率从水泥制造步骤将铅等重金属类分离。将含有20质量％之碳成份之可燃物供给至水泥窑之900℃以上、1300℃以下之区域，从该水泥窑之窑尾至最下段旋风器之窑排气路径将燃烧气体之一部分抽出，将该燃烧气体所含之粉尘集尘，从所集尘之粉尘将重金属类分离。在水泥窑之前述区域中，可以80％以上之挥发率使前述重金属类挥发。令前述可燃物之碳成份含有率为α质量％，令投入至前述水泥窑之含有前述碳成份之可燃物量为熟料生产量每1t系βkg时，宜令α及β之积为30以上、5000以下。
id-KR20100132497A    abstract-연소가스 추기 프로브의 장기 수명화, 및 이 프로브의 염소제거 능력 등의 성능의 향상을 도모한다.   연소가스(G)의 흡인방향(S)에 대하여 대략 직각방향, 또한 연소가스 흐름의 중심방향으로 저온 가스(C)를 토출하는 복수의 토출구(2b)를 구비하는 저온 가스 토출 수단을 갖는 연소가스 추기 프로브(1)로서, 복수의 토출구의 각각으로부터 토출되는 저온 가스의 운동량 벡터(MV)를 합성한 벡터(A)가 연직방향 하향의 성분을 갖는 연소가스 추기 프로브.  연소가스의 흡인방향과, 연소가스의 프로브에 의한 흡인 전의 흐름방향이 이루는 각도가 직각에 근접할수록, 합성벡터의 연직방향 하향의 성분을 크게 하고, 연소가스의 흡인방향과, 연소가스의 프로브에 의한 흡인 전의 흐름방향이 평행에 근접할수록, 합성벡터의 연직방향 하향의 성분을 작게 한다.  토출구는 프로브의 연소가스의 흡인방향에 대하여 수직한 면 내의 2 내지 6개소에 배치할 수 있다.
id-KR100868936B1    abstract-본 발명은 백탄숯가마에서 발생된 폐열을 재활용하기 위한 설비에 관한 것으로, 보다 상세하게는 숯을 구워내는 숯가마; 상기 숯가마 내의 열을 포집하여 저장하는 폐열저장가마; 및 상기 숯가마와 폐열저장가마의 사이에 설치되고, 상기 숯가마 내의 열을 폐열저장가마로 인입하는 폐열유입라인을 포함하여, 숯가마에서 발생된 폐열을 유용한 에너지 자원으로 재활용할 수 있는 숯가마의 폐열 재활용 설비를 제공한다.              숯가마, 폐열, 재활용, 저장, 온수
id-JP2009280910A    abstract-【課題】設備コストおよびエネルギ原単位を従来プロセスよりも大幅に低減しうる、炭材内装酸化金属塊成化物を用いた溶融金属の製造方法を提供する。 【解決手段】原料装入シュート4,4を炉幅両端部2,2に、電極５を炉中央部に、炉上部に二次燃焼バーナ6をそれぞれ設置した定置式非傾動型電気炉を用い、予めシュート4,4から炭材Aを装入して電極５下方に向かう下り斜面を有する炭材充填層12を形成しておき、次いで炭材内装酸化金属塊成化物Bを装入して炭材充填層12斜面上に塊成化物層13を形成し、その後電極5にてアーク加熱を行い塊成化物層13下端部を順次溶融して、炉内に溶融金属層14と溶融スラグ層15を形成するとともに、塊成化物層13を炭材充填層12斜面に沿って降下させつつ、二次燃焼バーナ6から吹込んだ酸素含有ガスCで、塊成化物層12から発生するCO含有ガスを燃焼させ、その放射熱により塊成化物層13を加熱する。 【選択図】図１
id-US20110039220A1    abstract-A kind of horizontal type high-temperature hot-blast stove, it includes a furnace body ( 6 ), a ball bed ( 4 ), a cold air opening ( 1 ) and a hot air opening ( 9 ). Combustion chambers ( 2 ) are respectively set on the left side and right side in the furnace body ( 6 ). And several burner guns ( 3 ) are set on the bottom of the furnace body ( 6 ) which locates on the lower part of the combustion chambers ( 2 ). The cold air opening ( 1 ) is set on the left side of the furnace body ( 6 ), and the hot air opening ( 9 ) is set on the right side of the furnace body ( 6 ), and the cold air opening ( 1 ) and the hot air opening ( 9 ) are respectively communicated with the combustion chambers ( 2 ) which are set on the left side and right side in the furnace body ( 6 ). The ball bed ( 4 ) is set in the middle part of the furnace body ( 6 ). The configuration of the two sides of the ball bed ( 4 ) is a checker brick configuration, and a manhole ( 5 ) is set on the top of the furnace body ( 6 ).
id-EP2123778B1    abstract-
id-WO2009126052A1    abstract-An electric arc-resistance furnace, in particular for manufacturing of concentrated silicon alloys using the method of silicon dioxide and iron oxides reduction with carbon, which has a furnace tank filled with a charge blend and a gas capture hood situated above it, in which space the post-reaction gases - products of reduction processes proceeding in the furnace tank - are subject to post combustion, connected via a system of flues with a filtration system, consists in the fact that it is equipped with air nozzles supplying in a controlled way the combustion air to the space between the charge surface and the gas capture hood, where the air nozzles are situated in the hood roof (1), in components of electrode column equipment (2), and at the ends of charging pipes (3) situated under the roof, while in the space under the hood and in flues discharging the gases after post- combustion to the filtration system sets of heat exchangers (4) are installed, flushed by hot exhaust gases, through which hot compressed air flows receiving physical heat from hot gases and, once heated, inflows to the expansion gas turbine (5), where mechanical power is generated, converted in the generator into electric energy.
id-KR100907956B1    abstract-본 발명은 용해로를 구비하는 금속 용융 설비의 재료 예열 장치로서, 상기 용해로에서 공급되는 배기 가스가 유입되는 유입실; 상기 유입된 배기 가스를 배출하여 집진기로 보내는 배출실; 및 상기 유입실 및 배출실과 연통된 채로 유입실과 배출실 사이에서 회전하도록 설치되어, 원재료를 상기 배기 가스에 의해 예열하는 원통형의 예열 드럼;을 포함하는 금속 용융 설비의 재료 예열 장치에 관한 것이다.             금속 용융 설비, 용해로, 예열 장치
id-EP2112449A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft die kontinuierliche Schrottzuführung in einen Elektrischen Schmelzofen (EAF), wobei ein Kanal (3) vorgesehen ist, der an einem Ende (4) mit einer Öffnung in der Wand des Schmelzofens (1) verbunden ist und an seinem anderen Ende eine Aufgabeeinrichtung (5) für den Schrott aufweist, sowie mit einer Absaugeinrichtung (7) für die durch den Kanal (3) geleiteten, zum Vorwärmen des Schrotts dienenden, Abgase aus dem Schmelzprozess, die zwischen den beiden Enden des Kanals an diesen angeschlossen ist.      Erfindungsgemäß befindet sich die Absaugeinrichtung (7) - bezogen auf die Gesamtlänge des Kanals (3) - näher an dem dem Schmelzofen (1) zugewandten Ende des Kanals (3), als an dem der Schrottaufgabe (5) zugewandten Ende.
id-KR20090107583A    abstract-본 발명은 제강 공정에서 발생하는 용융 슬래그 등 고온의 부산물로부터 폐열을 회수하고 고온부산물을 자원화시키는 장치를 만드는데 쓸 수 있는 고 내식성 내화 조성물에 관한 것이다.      본 발명은 스피넬: 30 ~ 50 중량%, 질화규소: 10 ~ 20 중량%, 알루미나: 25 ~ 55 중량%, 잔부: 기타 불가피하게 혼입되는 불순물로 이루어진 고 내식성 내화 조성물인 것을 특징으로 한다.      본 발명에 따른 각 성분의 함유량이 최적화된 스피넬(MgOㆍAl 2 O 3 ), 질화규소 (Si 2 N 4 ), 및 알루미나 (Al 2 O 3 ) 등으로 이루어진 고 내식성 내화 조성물은 고 내식성 및 고온 화학적 내구성이 우수하여 고온부산물 폐열 회수용 장치의 소재로서 사용하기에 적합하다
id-CA2628223A1    abstract-An heat exchanger for furnace flues that provides for utilization of the waste heat generated from a furnace for pre-heating water before it is piped to the water tank or other hot water supply reducing the need for the hot water tank or hot water supply source to operate reducing the potential for the release of green house gas emissions, while also acting as an integral part of the furnace flue exhaust system.
id-EP2145867A2    abstract-Method of continuous processing of power resources to post-pyrolysis hydrocarbons in association with the production of construction materials is characteristic by the fact that construction material produced in burning process of temperature close to sintering point is introduced in parallel flow with energy raw materials by means of equipment (4) ensuring required tightness and is subject to decomposition with the utilization of heat given up by hot construction material during dislocation of components in the equipment (8), while solid and gas fraction are separated to construction aggregate and volatile hydrocarbons which are fractionated in condensing process to volatile gasses and liquig fraction and non-condensed gasses are directed to burning of construction materials while out dropped hydrocarbon fractions are transported to storage tanks and / or subject to further processing. The energy raw material subject to pyrolysis process can be preliminarily heated with flue gasses from burning of construction material. The hard condensable gasses from pyrolysis are used for burning of construction materials and / or heating of energy raw material.
id-US9446984B2    abstract-To provide a method and facility for enabling CO 2  gas generated in a cement manufacturing facility to be separated and recovered at a high concentration. To this end, according to the present invention, the calcination of a cement material and the recovery of CO 2  gas generated in a calciner are performed by one of the following steps of: [1] superheating the cement material before calcination to at least the calcination temperature thereof in a superheating furnace and then mixing the superheated cement material with a new cement material before calcination in a mixer/calciner; [2] mixing, in the mixer/calciner, the cement material before calcination with a part of high-temperature cement clinker discharged from a cement kiln; and [3] using an externally heated calciner.
id-AU2012203242B2    abstract-A process for reforming high-temperature exhaust gas from a metallurgical furnace which comprises adding a 5 reducing agent to the exhaust gas to reform the gas, wherein the addition of the reducing agent is initiated when the oxygen concentration of the exhaust gas reaches lvol% or below and the reforming reaction is completed when the temperature of the exhaust gas is 800 0 C or above; io an apparatus for the process. The reducing agent is blown into the reforming system through a reducing agent blowing nozzle having a double pipe structure. Further, the invention provides a process for cooling exhaust gas from a metallurgical furnace, which comprises adding a reducing is agent to high-temperature exhaust gas from a metallurgical furnace, causing endothermic reaction between the reducing agent and carbon dioxide contained in the exhaust gas, and cooling the exhaust gas itself by the endothermic reaction; and an apparatus for the process. 3390963_1 (GHMatters) P85373.AU.1 24105/12
id-WO2009144369A2    abstract-An oxyfuel combustion system for generating power that includes a furnace (14) for combusting carbonaceous fueland substantially pure oxygen to produce exhaust gas including mainly carbon dioxide and water. An exhaust gas channel system discharges the exhaust gas from the furnace. The exhaust gas channel system(20) has an upstream channel (54), an outlet channel (58) and a gas recycling channel (28). The upstream channel recycles a recycling portion of the exhaust gas through the recycling channel to the furnace, and conveys an end portion of the exhaust gas through the outlet channel for final processing. The upstream channel is divided between a first divider piece (46) and a connecting piece (48) into a first exhaust gas channel portion (42) and a second exhaust gas channel portion (44). A gas-gas heat exchanger (36) arranged in the first exhaust gas channel portion (42) transfers heat from exhaust gas in the first exhaust gas channel portion to gas in the gas recycling channel. A first economizer (38)arranged in the second exhaust gas channel portion(44) transfers heat from exhaust gas in the second exhaust gas channel portion (44) to a flow of feedwater in a feedwater line(40), and a second economizer (52) arranged in the exhaust gas channel system downstream of the connecting piece transfers heat from gas in the exhaust gas channel system to the flow of feedwater in the feedwater line.
id-JP2009287877A    abstract-【課題】燃焼バーナの燃焼火炎で装入物を効率よく溶解させることができるガスキュポラを提供する。 【解決手段】ガスキュポラは、金属を基材とする装入物２を溶解する溶解室１０と溶解室１０で溶解された溶湯を吐出させる溶湯吐出口１１とをもつ炉体１と、炉体１に設けられ燃料を燃焼させて燃焼火炎４１を形成し燃焼火炎４１を溶解室１０内の装入物２に噴出し且つ溶解室１０の装入物２を溶解させる複数の燃焼バーナ４とを有する。炉体１を水平方向に沿って切断した断面図において、各燃焼バーナ４は、各燃焼バーナ４から噴出された燃焼火炎４１により溶解室１０の装入物２に空洞状をなす空洞状溶解部４２を発生させる。燃焼バーナ４は各空洞状溶解部４２が重複するように配置され、装入物２の溶解時において、各空洞状溶解部４２と溶湯吐出口１１とを連通させる。 【選択図】図１
id-JP2009281653A    abstract-【課題】換装口の開閉に伴い熱処理に伴って発生した生成ガスや昇華物などの漏洩や、熱処理室内の温度分布のムラが発生しにくい熱処理装置の提供を目的とした。 【解決手段】熱処理装置１をなす熱処理室１３の正面１３ｂには、上下に４つの換装口１８ａ〜１８ｄが並べて設けられている。また、熱処理室１３の底面１３ａには、排気口２１が設けられており、これに排気装置１１が接続されている。排気装置１１は、熱処理室１３の底面１３ａ側の領域Ｘ１に設けられた換装口１８ａ，１８ｂが開状態になる期間よりも、上方の領域Ｘ２に設けられた換装口１８ｃ，１８ｄが開状態になる期間において出力が高められる。これにより、換装口１８ｃ，１８ｄが開状態になる場合も、領域Ｘ２の静圧が外気圧Ｐｏと同等あるいは外気圧Ｐｏ以下とされ、生成ガスを含む空気の漏洩が防止される。 【選択図】図２
id-JP5522740B2    abstract-
id-US8647113B2    abstract-A method for manufacturing a cement clinker includes a rotary furnace, a cyclone preheater receiving the fumes from said rotary furnace, an air blowing clinker cooler, and at least one heat exchanger, referred to as a first heat exchanger. The raw materials are preheated and decarbonated in said cyclone preheater. The clinker is cooled in said clinker cooler. A first portion of the hot air generated by said clinker cooler, or so-called secondary air, is directed to the rotary furnace to be used as combustion air. A second portion of the hot air generated, or so-called tertiary air, is directed and carried separately from the first portion to a place in the facility where fuel is burned. A third portion of hot air generated in said clinker cooler, or so-called excess air, is carried into at least said first heat exchanger for the purpose of recovering power to produce electricity.
id-WO2009147513A1    abstract-The invention related to a method to produce electricity in a cement clinker production utilizing a kiln and/or a precalciner as combustion chambers to generate electricity, the method comprising: a. supplying fuel (31, 30) to the precalciner (3) and/or the kiln (5) in a quantity corresponding to at least 110% of a heat value requirement for clinker production operation of the precalciner (3) and/or the rotary kiln (5) per unit weight of clinker, respectively; b. Bypassing a portion of hot flue gases (50, 51, 52) from at least one of (i) the kiln (5) and/or (ii) the precalciner (3); c. Leading the said bypassed portion of hot flue gases to a heat recovery steam generator (7) producing steam; d. Producing electricity with a power island comprising a steam turbine equipped with an electrical generator.
id-US20120213684A1    abstract-A hot oxygen stream containing radicals is fed into an offgas stream from a steelmaking vessel to convert carbon monoxide in the offgas to carbon dioxide.
id-RU2498181C2    abstract-Изобретение относится к способу и установке для получения цементного клинкера. Установка содержит циклонный подогреватель, реактор предварительного обжига, вращающуюся печь и клинкерный охладитель. Согласно изобретению дымы из печи направляют в реактор предварительного обжига и даже в циклонный подогреватель. В реактор (4) предварительного обжига подают газ (9) с высоким содержанием кислорода, в котором содержание азота ниже 30% и который является единственным источником кислорода для указанного реактора. Часть (8 a ) газов, выходящих из циклонного подогревателя, рециркулируют в установку таким образом, чтобы получить соответствующий поток, необходимый для получения взвешенного состояния сырья в указанном подогревателе. Другую часть (8b) с высоким содержанием диоксида углерода адаптируют с целью обработки, позволяющей ограничить выбросы диоксида углерода в атмосферу, в частности такой, как комплексообразование. 2 н. и 12 з.п. ф-лы, 3 ил., 2 пр.
id-WO2010007875A1    abstract-本発明は、溶湯製造炉から排出される排ガス中のダストを分離回収してダストの有効利用を向上すると共に、溶湯製造炉の炉内圧力や排ガス組成を制御することを容易にする排ガス処理設備を提供する。本発明の排ガス処理設備１は排ガスダクト２を備え、排ガスダクト２は、ダストを含む高温の排ガスを排出する溶湯製造炉２０の排ガス出口２１から、ダスト除去後の排ガスを大気中に放出する煙突１２に連通する。排ガスダクト２には、集塵部、吸引ファン５が介装される。この集塵部は、排ガスダクト２の溶湯製造炉２０側に介装されて粗粒ダストを回収する湿式集塵機３と、この湿式集塵機３の前記吸引ファン５側に介装されてヒューム系の微粒ダストを回収する乾式集塵機４と、を備える。
id-WO2010014278A1    abstract-A fine dust removal system for a rotary lime kiln includes a preheater adjacent the charging end of the kiln and a housing adjacent to and communicating with kiln charging end, such that a major portion of not off-gases containing solid particulates are diverted to the preheater and a minor portion thereof directed into the housing. At least a portion of the solid particulates is separated from the hot off-gases in the housing, while the hot off-gases leaving the housing, after solid particulate removal, are directed into the preheater.
id-US7753972B2    abstract-The Portable Renewable Energy System for Enhanced Oil Recovery (“PRESEOR”) is a truck mobile system that reforms biomass into CO 2  and hydrogen, following which the gases are separated, with the CO 2  sequestered underground for enhanced oil recovery (EOR) and the hydrogen used to generate several megawatts of carbon-free electricity. In contrast to large central power plants that are generally not well-located to support EOR, the small PRESEOR can go directly to the oilfields where it is needed, and do so in a timely manner. The PRESEOR sequesters more biomass-derived carbon than is released by the burning of the oil it yields, thereby producing not only carbon-free electricity but carbon-free oil. Using PRESEOR, over 80 billion barrels of U.S. oil would be made recoverable, without the need to drill new wells in pristine areas.
id-US8349283B2    abstract-A metal recovery apparatus recovers metal components from an exhaust gas exhausted from a processing chamber in which a thin film is formed on the surface of a target substrate by using a source gas formed of an organic metal compound serving as a source, and scrubs the exhaust gas. The metal recovery apparatus  66  includes a trap unit having an adsorption member for attaching thereon metal components included in the source gas by heating the exhaust gas and thus thermally decomposing an unreacted source gas included in the exhaust gas; and the scrubbing unit including a catalyzer for oxidizing and thus scrubbing harmful gas components included in the exhaust gas that has flowed through the trap unit.
id-RU2011108208A    abstract-1. Способ снижения выбросов от отработавшего газа, образованного при помоле и сушке смеси цементного сырья как части процесса производства цемента, при выполнении которого: !  вводят по меньшей мере первую часть выбросов, содержащих отработавший газ, освобожденный от захваченного продукта помола цементного сырья, в холодильник клинкера, в котором отработавший газ вместе с наружным воздухом действует как охлаждающий газ, предназначенный для охлаждения цементного клинкера, подаваемого из обжиговой печи, и !  затем направляют по меньшей мере некоторую часть содержащего выбросы охлаждающего газа из холодильника в обжиговую печь для удаления в ней выбросов. !  2. Способ по п.1, в котором перенаправляют по меньшей мере часть содержащего выбросы охлаждающего газа, не направленного в обжиговую печь, обратно в сырьевую мельницу с целью использования в качестве сушильного газа для смеси цементного сырья. !  3. Способ по п.2, в котором перенаправляют вторую часть отработавшего газа из сырьевой мельницы обратно в сырьевую мельницу с целью использования в качестве сушильного газа для смеси цементного сырья. !  4. Способ по п.3, в котором перенаправленный газ подогревают перед вводом в сырьевую мельницу. !  5. Способ по п.2, в котором для удаления захваченного помолотого сырья из отработавшего газа используют тканевый фильтр. !  6. Способ по п.2, в котором в сырьевой мельнице используют две вентиляторные установки. !  7. Способ по п.2, в котором в сырьевой мельнице используют три вентиляторные установки. !  8. Способ снижения выбросов от отработавшего газа, образованного при помоле и сушке смеси цементного сырья как части процесса произво�
id-EP2321602B1    abstract-
id-CN102149650B    abstract-依照本发明操作水泥制造设备的方法，在预热带中预热生料，再在煅烧带中预先煅烧已预热的材料，最后在烧结带中烧结已预先煅烧的材料。所述水泥制造设备以这样的方法操作，即供应给烧结带的已预先煅烧的材料具有按总含盐量计质量浓度为至少5.5％的SO 3 和质量比例为至少75％，最好为90％的CaSO 4 。
id-WO2010023105A1    abstract-Beim erfindungsgemäßen Verfahren zum Brennen von stückigem Material in einem Schachtofen bildet sich im Schachtofen ein Materialbett mit einer Materialbettoberfläche aus und in einer Brennzone wird über wenigstens eine Brennerlanze Brennstoff zugeführt, wobei der entstehende Abgasstrom schadstoffbelastet ist. Der Schachtofen wird so betrieben, dass sich eine Materialbett-Oberflächentemperatur von 900°C-1100°C einstellt und ein Mittel zur NO x-  Minderung oberhalb der Materialbettoberfläche zugegeben wird.
id-CA2733713C    abstract-In a method for treating alternative, carbon-containing, low-caloric waste materials for use in furnace systems, in particular rotary tubular kilns for the production of clinker, the carbon-containing, alternative fuels are subjected to high-temperature gasification under anoxic conditions at temperatures above 1000°C, wherein water, water vapor or CO2 is injected to ensure a reaction forming CO and H2. The waste heat from a clinker cooler is used for the high-temperature gasification.
id-DE102008059179B4    abstract-Sonde zur kontinuierlichen Abgasanalyse an Gefäßen zur Erschmelzung von Metallen, insbesondere an Elektroöfen für die Stahlerzeugung, gekennzeichnet durch einen zylinderförmigen Körper (17), welcher mit einem offenen Ende mittels eines Flansches (15) um eine Öffnung (14) herum in der Wand des Entnahmeortes befestigbar ist, wobei das offene Ende der zylinderförmigen Sonde (7) mit der Innenwand des Entnahmeortes abschließt, während das entgegengesetzte Ende verschließbar ist und knapp unterhalb des verschließbaren Endes zumindest ein Anschlussstutzen für die Leitung (8) zu einer Analysevorrichtung und eine Sondenkühlung (20) vorgesehen ist, mit einer Kühlmittelzuführungsleitung (21) und einer Kühlmittelabführungsleitung (22), wobei die Höhe der Kühlung bezogen auf die Gesamtlänge der Sonde (7) unterhalb von 50% liegt.
id-DE102008039544A1    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren sowie eine Anlage zur thermischen Wärmebehandlung von stückigem Material in einem Schachtofen, wobei das Material am oberen Ende des Schachtofens zugeführt und am unteren Ende abgezogen wird, während das Material im Gegenstrom von Behandlungs- und/oder Verbrennungsluft durchströmt wird, welche am oberen Ende des Schachtofens als heißes Abgas abgeleitet wird. Weiterhin wird an einer oder mehreren Stellen Brennstoff verbrannt. Das stückige Material wird zudem vor dem Schachtofen oder im oberen Bereich des Schachtofens mit einer Flüssigkeit beaufschlagt, die durch das Abgas verdampft und dabei die Temperatur des Abgases reduziert.
id-CN102227384B    abstract-在一种诸如熔化玻璃的熔炉的熔炉中，通过燃料与气态氧化剂在熔炉内的燃烧所形成的燃烧产物的一部分通过复热式或回热式热交换器系统，以将进入的气态氧化剂的一部分加热，而代替地使燃烧产物的一部分通过次级热交换器系统，其中，通过所述第一热交换器的热燃烧产物和氧化剂以燃烧产物与氧化剂的热容比的比率小于1.3通过。
id-KR200474985Y1    abstract-본 고안은 선철 생산 시에 선철 생산 시스템에 부수하는 또는 철 생산 시에 철 생산 시스템에 부수하는 가스, 석탄 가스화 시스템에서 생산되는 가스로서의 오염물 및 먼지가 포함된 가스의 건식 제거 및 건식 세정을 위한 방법, 및 상기 방법을 수행하기 위한 수단에 관한 것이다.  공정에서, 예비 분리 단계 이후의 먼지 제거의 시작 전에 및, 가스 스트림의 온도가 60℃ 이상의 온도로, 그리고 먼지 제거를 수행하는 장비에의 손상을 유발하는 온도 이하의 온도로 조절된 이후에, 반응제 및 선택적으로 흡수 물질을 포함하는 첨가제는 가스 스트림 내에 첨가된다.  첨가제는 가스 스트림을 세정하며 먼지의 제거 시의 첨가제의 첨가 이전에 가스 스트림 내에 존재하였던 고체 입자와 함께 가스 스트림으로부터 제거된다.
id-US20100071598A1    abstract-The carbon monoxide and hydrocarbon content of flue gas in a cement clinker production apparatus is lowered by feeding a high velocity stream of hot oxygen into the flue gas. Methods and apparatus for producing the hot oxygen stream are disclosed.
id-FR2936257A1    abstract-Procédé de fusion d'une charge dans un four à cuve (1) . Au moins une partie des gaz de haut fourneau sont extraits du four (1) en aspirant à l'aide d'un gaz contenant de l'oxygène selon le principe de la pompe à jet pour mélanger les gaz extraits à des gaz contenant de l'oxygène et les réintroduire dans le four à cuve (1). De l'air comburant est fourni en plus au four à cuve (1) .
id-KR101051255B1    abstract-본 발명은 전기로 연소탑의 내부에 에어 커튼 기능을 갖도록 함으로써 2차 연소시 발생되는 화염으로부터 열 충격 및 물리적 충격을 완화시킬 수 있도록 한 전기로 연소탑의 냉각장치에 관한 것이다.      그 구성은 전기로의 배가스중 불완전 연소된 성분을 태우기 위한 연소탑과, 연소탑을 통해 점화된 배가스를 지연 통과시키면서 냉각시키기 위한 냉각탑과, 냉각탑로부터 배출된 가스에 압력을 가해 배출 경로와 굴뚝을 통해 외부로 배출시키기 위한 펌프와, 배출 경로를 따라 압송되는 가스의 일부를 연소탑의 내부로 재순환시켜 상부에서 하부로 분사하는 에어 커튼수단으로 구성된다.      이에 따르면 전기로 연소탑의 내피 손상을 예방하여 연소탑의 교체 및 보수주기를 연장시킬 수 있는 유용한 효과를 갖는다.
id-EP2172727A2    abstract-Der Rauchgaswärmeübertrager hat einen Behälter (1), in dem sich ein von einem Rauchgas (13) durchströmter Wärmeübertrager in Form von Schüttgut (11, 14) befindet. Der Wärmeübertrager weist einen Einlass (16) und einen Auslass (5) für das Rauchgas (13) auf. Um den Rauchgaswärmeübertrager so auszubilden, dass bei einfacher und kostengünstiger Gestaltung eine lange Standzeit erreicht wird, ist das Rauchgas (13) zumindest annähernd vertikal dem Schüttgut (11, 14) zuführbar. Über den Rauchgaswärmeübertrager wird das Rauchgas (13) überwiegend in vertikaler Richtung zugeführt. Dadurch kann der Behälter (1) im Bereich der Rauchgaszuführung einfach ausgebildet sein.
id-EP2163654A3    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft ein Verfahren sowie eine Anlage zur Rückführung von bei metallurgischen Verfahren, insbesondere bei der Stahlherstellung, anfallenden Stäuben und /oder festen staubförmigen Nebenprodukten.      Dabei wird der Staub mechanisch unterhalb der Oberfläche der in dem metallurgischen Gefäß befindlichen Schlacke oder Schmelze in diese eingeleitet.
id-KR20100028260A    abstract-본원 발명에 따른 산화철이 함유된 물질로부터 환원철을 제조하는 장치 및 방법에 관한 것으로서, 보다 상세하게는 산화철 함유 물질과 첨가제를 혼합기에서 혼합한 후 성형기를 통해 얻어진 성형물이 건조기를 거쳐 알에이치에프로를 통과하여 불순물이 제거된 환원철을 생산하는 산화철이 함유된 물질로부터 환원철을 제조하는 장치 및 방법에 관한 것이다.      이를 위하여 본원 발명은 산화철 함유 물질을 저장하는 원료 저장기; 상기 원료 저장기에 저장된 산화철 함유 물질을 파쇄하기 위한 분쇄기; 상기 분쇄기에서 파쇄된 산화철 함유 물질의 입도를 분류하기 위한 선별기; 상기 선별기에서 0.5mm 미만으로 분류된 산화철 함유 물질과 첨가제를 혼합하는 혼합기; 상기 혼합기에서 혼합된 산화철 함유 물질과 첨가제를 성형시키는 성형기; 상기 성형기에서 성형된 성형물을 건조시키는 건조기; 및 상기 건조기에서 배출된 성형물을 투입하며, 이 성형물에 함유된 불순물을 추출하는 불순물 제거수단이 구비된 알에이치에프(RHF)로;를 포함하여 구성되는 것을 특징이 있다.             선별기, 알에이치에프로, 불순물 제거수단, 열교환기
id-US9574247B2    abstract-In a method and a device for operating a smelting reduction process, at least part of an export gas from a blast furnace or a reduction unit is thermally utilized in a gas turbine and the exhaust gas of this gas turbine is used in a waste heat steam generator to generate steam. The remaining part of the export gas is fed to a CO 2  separation apparatus, the tail gas thereby obtained being fed to a waste heat steam generator and burned for additional steam generation. The combustible components of the tail gas are sent for thermal utilization in a steam generator, so that the overall energy balance of the thermal use of the export gas is improved. In addition, a further part of the export gas is qualitatively improved by the CO 2  separation apparatus, so as to generate a high-quality reduction gas which can be supplied for metallurgical use.
id-US20150037745A1    abstract-In the method according to the invention for producing cement clinker, raw cement meal is preheated in a preheater, the preheated raw cement meal is precalcined in a calciner and the precalcined raw cement meal is burnt in a kiln, fuel and combustion air having an oxygen content of at least 75 mol % being used in the calciner, and the raw cement meal being precalcined in a fluidised bed in the calciner. The exhaust gases occurring in the kiln are delivered to the preheater, bypassing the calciner, and the exhaust gases of the calciner are delivered to a CO 2  preparation device.
id-WO2010047004A1    abstract-製鋼用アーク炉から排出される排ガスの熱を利用して蒸気を生成するにあたり、蒸気の発生量を、発電などで利用しやすくするために平準化する。製鋼用アーク炉１から排出される排ガスの顕熱および燃焼熱を回収するための廃熱ボイラーを、複数の製鋼用アーク炉にそれぞれ設置し、それぞれの製鋼用アーク炉を運転時間をずらして稼働させ、それぞれの廃熱ボイラーで発生する飽和蒸気を合流させ、飽和蒸気を合流することで発生する飽和蒸気の量を平準化させる。
id-WO2010045664A2    abstract-Die Erfindung betrifft einen Wärmetauscher (1) für einen Glühofen zum Wärmetausch zwischen zwei Fluiden mit einem rohrförmigen, an seinem Außenmantel Wärmetauscherrippen aufweisenden Profil, dem an wenigstens einer Stirnseite (3) ein Anschlussflansch (4) mit wenigstens einer Strömungsöffnung (8) für eines der beiden Fluide, insbesondere ein Heißgas, zugehört. Um vorteilhafte Konstruktionsverhältnisse zu schaffen, wird vorgeschlagen, dass das Profil ein Profilrohr aus einem gefalteten Blech ist, dessen in Profilrohrlängsrichtung ausgerichtete Wärmetauscherrippen (7) vom Wellprofil, insbesondere von den Wellenflanken, des gefalteten Bleches gebildet sind.
id-CN101708484A    abstract-本发明一种磁机械设备，用于使粉尘或渣浆中的固体颗粒形成彼此分离开的状态，所述磁机械设备包括：处理槽，在所述处理槽的内壁上形成有凹槽；设置在所述处理槽内部的搅拌装置，所述搅拌装置包括主轴以及设置在所述主轴上的搅拌叶轮，所述主轴的一端与驱动装置相连，以便由所述驱动装置驱动所述主轴进行旋转；安装在所述凹槽中的换能器，所述换能器能够同时产生机械振动和磁脉冲，利用由所述换能器产生的机械振动和磁脉冲与由所述搅拌装置进行的搅拌运动的共同作用，从而使所述粉尘或渣浆中的固体颗粒彼此分离。
id-WO2010040329A1    abstract-Ein Verfahren, insbesondere ein Industrieprozess, wobei Werkstücke (16, 17) vor und/oder während einer Behandlung und/oder Bearbeitung erhitzt werden und nach der Behandlung und/oder Bearbeitung abgekühlt werden, ist im Hinblick auf eine energieoptimierte und kostengünstige Behandlung und/oder Bearbeitung von Werkstücken (16, 17) so ausgestaltet und weitergebildet, dass die thermische Energie der behandelten und/oder bearbeiteten Werkstücke (17) zur Bereitstellung von Wärmeenergie und/oder zur Erzeugung elektrischer Energie genutzt wird. Des Weiteren werden ein zur Durchführung des erfindungsgemäßen Verfahrens geeigneter Werkstückförderer (3) sowie eine zur Durchführung des erfindungsgemäßen Verfahrens sowie für den erfindungsgemäßen Werkstückförderer (3) geeignete Wärmeübertragungseinheit (11) vorgeschlagen.
id-DE202008013487U1    abstract-Entfeuchtungseinrichtung für Trocknungseinrichtungen (3) für Trockengüter (4), insbesondere keramische Formlinge, wobei die Entfeuchtungseinrichtung (2) auf die Entfeuchtung von feuchter Trocknungsluft (10) ausgelegt und abluftseitig (25) an die Trocknungseinrichtung (3) anschließbar oder in die Trocknungseinrichtung (3) integriert ist und die Entfeuchtungseinrichtung (2) zum Betrieb mit der Wärmeenergie, insbesondere der Abwärme, aus einem Brennofen (5) ausgebildet ist.
id-KR100991598B1    abstract-본 발명에 따른 적열소결광의 예비환원 및 현열회수 방법은, (a) 소결 후 파쇄가 완료된 적열소결광을 환원로로 이송하는 단계; (b) 상기 환원로에 환원가스를 공급하여 상기 적열소결광을 일부 예비환원시키는 단계; (c) 상기 부분환원 소결광을 냉각로에 투입하는 단계; (d) 상기 냉각로에 질소를 공급하여 상기 부분환원 소결광을 냉각시키는 단계; (e) 상기 냉각로에서 가열되어 배출되는 질소의 현열을 회수하는 단계; 및 (f) 현열이 회수되어 냉각된 상기 질소를 재순환시키는 단계를 포함하여 이루어진다.      본 발명에 따르면, 별도로 구성된 환원로내의 적열소결광에 고온으로 예열된 환원가스가 공급되면서 고온상태에서 환원반응이 일어나므로 저온 환원반응시 제기되는 저온분화 문제를 해소하고, 환원 오프 개스(off-gas)를 환원로에 재순환하여 이용함에 따라 환원가스의 이용효율을 높이고, 소결광의 상태 및 환원가스의 조성에 맞추어 환원율의 조절이 가능하여 최대환원을 도모할 수 있다.       또한, 환원로와 별도로 구성되는 냉각로에 환원가스와 독립적으로 순환질소가 공급되므로 순환량의 조절에 의해 열회수량의 제어가 가능해져서 환원 소요가스량과 냉각소요 가스량간의 부조화 문제를 해소하고, 소결광의 환원율 증대와 열회수량의 증대가 가능하므로 적열소결광 현열의 이용율을 극대화하는 것이 가능하며, 소결광의 현열을 최대로 회수하여 이용하면서 소결광의 고로 외 부분환원이 가능하므로 고로에서 사용되는 코크스의 절감 등 제철소의 에너지절약과 이산화탄소 발생 저감이 가능하다.             소결기, 적열소결광, 예비환원, 현열, 환원로, 냉각로
id-KR20100047410A    abstract-본 발명의 일 실시예에 따른 가열로의 열회수시스템은, 열이 저장되는 축열체를 구비한 축열버너; 가열된 연소용 공기를 사용하는 비축열버너; 상기 축열버너와 비축열버너에 의해 발생된 배가스가 배출되는 배가스통로; 상기 배가스의 주 통로인 연도(Flue) 라인에 설치되어 배가스의 열을 회수하는 열교환기; 상기 배가스통로에서 상기 연도(Flue) 라인으로의 배가스 방출이 가능하도록 상기 배가스통로와 상기 열교환기 사이에 설치되는 제 2배가스통로; 및 상기 배가스통로에 설치되어 상기 축열버너에서 오는 배가스의 일부를 스택(stack)으로 이송시키고, 배가스의 다른 일부를 상기 제 2배가스통로를 통해 상기 열교환기로 유입시키는 유인송풍기(ID Fan)를 포함하여 구성되는 것을 특징으로 한다.      또한, 본 발명의 일 실시예에 따른 가열로의 열회수시스템을 이용한 배가스 및 열교환기 관리방법은, 축열체를 구비한 축열버너와, 열교환기를 통해 가열된 연소용 공기를 사용하는 비축열버너를 혼합하여 구성된 가열로의 열회수시스템을 이용한 배가스 및 열교환기 관리방법에 있어서, 상기 축열버너와 비축열버너에 의해 발생된 배가스가 배출되는 배가스통로를, 연도(Flue) 라인에 설치된 상기 열교환기의 입측에 유인송풍기(ID Fan) 및  제 2배가스통로를 경유하여 연결시키고, 상기 축열버너에서 공급되는 배가스 증가량을 고려하여 배가스의 자연 배출이 가능하도록 상기 열교환기 입측의 배가스 온도를 열교환기 열화 발생 온도 이내로 제어하는 단계를 포함하여 이루어지는 것을 특징으로 한다.      본 발명에 따르면, 축열방식의 버너와 열교환기를 통해 가열된 연소용 공기를 사용하는 종래형 버너를 동시에 사용하는 가열로의 운전시, 연도(Flue) 라인으로의 배가스 방출량이 증가할 경우 유인송풍기(ID Fan)를 통해 열교환기측으로 방출되는 배가스량을 줄여서 상기 열교환기측으로 나가는 배가스의 온도를 낮춤에 따라 열교환기의 열화를 방지할 수 있고, 열화가 방지된 열교환기를 통해 열교환이 이루어진 예열공기량의 과다를 방지하게 되므로 필요한 예열공기만을 가열함에 의해 해당 가열로의 장치를 간소하게 구성가능하며, 상기 연도(Flue) 라인으로 배출되는 배가스량을 감소시켜서 가열로의 노압 제어가 용이하게 이루어지고, 상기 열교환기의 열화가 방지됨에 따라 과다하게 연소용 공기량을 증대시켜서 열교환기의 전열 파이프를 보호할 필요가 없으므로 필요한 연소용 공기만을 가열할 수 있고, 과다 가열된 연소용 공기의 방출이 불필요하다.             가열로, 배가스, 열교환기, 버너, 축열체
id-WO2010057439A1    abstract-
id-US20100123275A1    abstract-An exhaust stream buffering system is described to temper a temperature profile and reduce a particulate load to permit heat recovery and cleaning. The buffering system may reduce the volatile temperature profile to even the temperature spikes, and produce a more even cyclical temperature profile. When used in steel making facilities, the buffered stream may also be augmented by blast furnace gases to provide additional energy for a heat recovery system.
id-KR20100050854A    abstract-회전식 소성로(30)의 내벽에 부착되어 형성되는 부착광(E)의 생성 원인인 더스트(D)를 흡입하여 분리 배출하는 회전식 소성로의 더스트 분리 장치가 소개된다. 이러한 회전식 소성로의 더스트 분리 장치는 회전식 소성로(30)에서 제조 완료된 생석회(C)를 냉각기(91)로 배광하는 과정 중 냉각기(91)의 냉각 공기에 의해 소성로 후드(100)로 부상하는 더스트(D)를 회전력을 이용하여 흡입하고 송출하는 포집부(210)와, 상기 포집부(210)에 연결 설치되며 회전력을 이용하여 상기 포집부(210)로부터 송출되는 더스트(D)를 상기 냉각 공기의 흐름이 미치지 않는 공간(R)으로 이송하는 이송부(220)와, 상기 포집부(210) 및 이송부(220)에 회전력을 제공하는 구동부(230)를 포함하는 구성을 갖는다.              회전식 소성로, 더스트, 냉각기, 냉각 공기
id-KR20100005747U    abstract-본 고안은 전기로의 집진 슬리브 덕트 구조에 관한 것으로서, 보다 상세하게는 전기로의 출강 시 전기로가 기울어질 때 외부로 빠져나오는 집진가스를 차단할 수 있도록 한 전기로의 집진 슬리브 덕트 구조에 관한 것이다.      본 고안의 목적은, 전기로의 집진 가스 포집 효율을 향상시킴과 아울러 전기로가 움직일 때에도 공장 내부로 유출되는 집진가스를 차단할 수 있도록 한 전기로의 집진 슬리브 덕트 구조를 제공함에 있다.      상기한 목적을 실현하기 위하여 본 고안은, 슬리브 덕트(52)의 유입공(H)과 동일하게 관통공(1)이 형성되고 측면으로 넓게 플랜지부(2)가 형성되어 전기로(EF)가 움직일 때 엘보우 덕트(50)를 차폐하도록 구성된 차폐부재(3)와, 상기한 차폐부재(3)를 슬리브 덕트(50)에 결합시키도록 구성된 결합수단으로 구성함을 특징으로 한다.             전기로, 집진, 집진 엘보우, 슬리브 덕트
