id-WO2020151875A1    abstract-The program assigned some drivers to ask for Bremsmoments (FBM) before and after the Hinterachse(ha) of the VA Kraftfahrzeugs, while the tire Vorderachse(12, 12, 12) 14)(Father), a front of the front Reibbremsvorrichtung(20) and an electric machine (22) and tires (16, 18) of the variable speed drive axle (ha) a rear Reibbremsvorrichtung(24) and a rear electronic machine belonging to the rear (26) as indicated during the search Support one of the other Untersteuerubersteuersituation Kurvenfahrt Untersteuer - or ubersteuersituation entgegenwirkende The problem of Bremskraftverteilung (B ha) is thus entered into aufzubringendes via Bremsmoment (FBM) Vorderachse - Help him open the back of the Bremsmoment(Mankoff) and the VA's transaxle (haha) aufzubringendes Bremsmoment(Mankoff, ha), Bremsmomente(Mankoff, ha, each piece over 0.
id-US20220097451A1    abstract-Assembly ( 1 ) comprising at least one vehicle wheel ( 2 ), adapted to rotate about a vehicle wheel axis (X 2 ) and adapted to perform a rolling movement on an advancement surface for the vehicle; at least one further rotating member ( 4 ), which can be operatively connected to said vehicle wheel ( 2 ); at least one transmission ( 6 ) adapted to transmit kinetic power between said vehicle wheel ( 2 ) and said at least one further rotating member ( 4 ); wherein said transmission ( 6 ) achieves a transmission ratio other than +1; at least one braking device ( 18 ) acting on said at least one further rotating member ( 4 ) in order to brake said vehicle wheel ( 2 ) by means of a braking action acting on said at least one further rotating member ( 4 ) which is transmitted to the vehicle wheel ( 2 ) by means of said transmission ( 6 )
id-US20220080942A1    abstract-A control unit for a motor vehicle which includes at least one electric machine for driving one or more wheels of the vehicle and at least one friction brake is provided. The control unit is configured to determine that a one-pedal feel function is to be provided via an acceleration pedal of the vehicle and/or a creep function is to be provided via a brake pedal of the vehicle. Additionally, the control unit is configured to operate the electric machine at least temporarily in combination with the friction brake in order to provide the one-pedal feel function and/or the creep function.
id-EP3696032A1    abstract-A Fahrzeuganhanger :(1) with Auflaufbremsanlage and hydraulic fracturing Bremskraftubertragungseinrichtung instructs Umschaltventil(17), thereby activating and deactivating Auflaufbremsa nlage Vorwartsfahrt Fahrzeuganhangers (1) and a certain Deichselschubkraftgrenzwertes Deichselschubkraft Sperrstellung board the physical examination, as a brake between Bremszylinder (13) and (14) Radbremsen(7) confessed that when pushing forward, if below this elasticity and thrust value, the car will be diverted into the water flow, and in this direction, the brake line (14) is opened to transmit the brake and the wheel/wheel brake (7).
id-US20220136575A1    abstract-A braking assembly for inhibiting rotation of a wheel around a rotation axis is provided. The braking assembly includes a drive gear, an actuator, an electric braking assembly, a mechanical braking assembly including a brake pad, and a brake rotor fixedly coupled to the wheel. The drive gear rotates with the wheel and includes a pinion. The electric braking assembly includes a coil surrounding the rotation axis, and a magnetic disc assembly concentric with the coil and configured to rotate relative to the coil. The magnetic disc assembly includes a plurality of magnets at a perimeter of the disc. The actuator engages the pinion to inhibit rotation of the magnets and generate an electro motive force to inhibit rotation of the wheel. The actuator engages the brake pad to contact the rotor and inhibit rotation between the wheel and the brake pad.
id-US10889158B2    abstract-This disclosure relates to a motor vehicle including a climate control system with an accumulator, and a corresponding method. An example motor vehicle includes a powertrain and a climate control system configured to meet a thermal conditioning demand. The climate control system includes an accumulator and a compressor driven by the powertrain. Further, a controller is in electronic communication with the climate control system, and the controller is configured to selectively command the climate control system to charge the accumulator when an amount of energy available to the compressor from the powertrain is in excess of an amount of energy required to meet the thermal conditioning demand.
id-US10723229B1    abstract-A vehicle includes an electric machine, friction brakes, and a controller. The electric machine is configured to recharge a battery during regenerative braking. The friction brakes are configured to apply torque to wheels of the vehicle to decelerate the vehicle. The controller is programmed to, responsive to an anti-lock braking event, adjust a regenerative braking torque of the electric machine based on a difference between a desired wheel slip ratio and an actual wheel slip ratio.
id-WO2020187352A1    abstract-The invention of a (10) origin and braking system of a vehicle (12) with at least two wheels (14,16), i.e., at least one Vorderrad(14) and at least one Hinterrad(16), in particular the fußpedalantreibbaren vehicle aufweisend at least one Vorder Radbremseinrichtung (18) to the folks at least one Vorderrads (14) of the vehicle (12), at the same time Vorderradbremseinrichtung (18) Vorderradbremsaktivierungsvorrichtung (20). Among them, the system (10) front wheel drive (18) contains an advanced force sensing device (22), which is operated by the front wheel brake device (20). A Hinterradbremseinrichtung (24) on the hometowns of the at least one Hinterrads (16) of the vehicle (12), at the same time Hinterradbremseinrichtung Hinterradbremsaktivierungsvorrichtung (26) (24). (10) system, at the same time, in a second Sensorvorrichtung Hinterradbremseinrichtung (24) to Betatigungsbestimmung (28) Hinterradbremsaktivierungsvorrichtung symptoms (26); The front and rear wheel drives (18) are independent brakes (24), of which there is at least one artificial braking system (18, 24), of which at least one of the two wheels or one of the two wheels (14,16) is a wheel (30). Coupled with a control unit (32), this controls at least one bicycle (30) as an additional brake, depending on the number one and/or number two sensor units operated.
id-JP2020147185A    abstract-The subject of the present invention is to make the voltage of the auxiliary power supply difficult to fall below the minimum operating voltage of the hydraulic brake system when the main power supply is abnormal. In the hydraulic brake system of the present invention, when the main power supply cannot supply power to the pump motor, etc., it is abnormal that the pump motor is activated without or without a braking request. In this way, when the main power supply is abnormal as described above, there is less opportunity for inrush current to flow. As a result, the voltage of the auxiliary power supply may be less likely to fall below the minimum operating voltage, making it less likely that the hydraulic brake system will become inoperable. Selection diagram: figure 5
id-US20200339098A1    abstract-A braking force control apparatus includes: a prediction unit that predicts a time from a present time until a next start of the gear shift operation in the stepped automatic transmission based on a speed of the vehicle; an acquisition unit that acquires a state of a battery charged by a regenerative power generation of the regenerative generator; and a control unit that stops the regenerative power generation by the regenerative generator before the gear shift of the stepped automatic transmission is started, when it is determined, during the regenerative power generation by the regenerative generator, that the regenerative power generation by the regenerative power generator may be stopped due to the state of the battery during the gear shift operation of the stepped automatic transmission, based on a prediction result by the prediction unit and the state of the battery acquired by the acquisition unit.
id-JP2020185984A    abstract-[issues] a method for correcting curve characteristics of brake pedal operation of vehicles with regenerative brakes is provided. [solution] the brake system consists of a friction brake connected by an electromechanical actuator and a hydraulic component, and a regenerative brake. The brake pedal characteristic curve is a function of the pressure in the hydraulic component, which depends on the stroke of an electromechanical actuator. The brake pedal characteristic curve has an idle stroke and stiffness coefficient. The method includes the following steps. According to dynamically determined criteria, after a particularly predefined number of brake system operations, the electromechanical actuator performs measurements of the brake pedal characteristic curve, in which at least part of the braking action is frictional. The brake pedal characteristic curve generated and measured by the brake is saved, and the measured brake pedal characteristic curve replaces the brake pedal characteristic curve. Select diagram: figure 4
id-US20200339165A1    abstract-A device for decelerating a vehicle traveling on one or more rails, the device including: energy absorbing units disposed along a direction of travel of the vehicle, the energy absorbing units each having a first surface for engagement with a second surface disposed on the vehicle such that the energy absorbing units are compressed when the second surface travels past and engages with the first surface of the energy absorbing units; wherein the absorbing units, when compressed, are configured to convert a kinetic energy of the vehicle to one or more of potential, heat and electrical energy; and the energy absorbing units are opposed to each other in a lateral direction relative to a direction of travel of the vehicle such that forces acting on the second surface from the energy absorbing units cancel in the lateral direction.
id-WO2020208518A2    abstract-The invention includes automotive accessories, mechanics, and electronics. In automatic or manual transmission cars, when the driver brakes, the force wasted between the pad and the car's wheel disc is stored in a spring, and when the car is stopped, it shuts off automatically. Whenever the driver wants to move the car, this force is applied to the engine automatically and without any additional noise, and the car turns on. In urban traffic, this system consumes up to 20% of noise and biological pollution as well as fuel consumption, decreases.
id-WO2020227286A1    abstract-A brake system of a vehicle is disclosed. The braking system includes: a sensor configured to transmit a signal; a brake control unit (BCU) connected to the sensor and configured to determining a braking torque in response to the received signal; an electric motor connected to the BCU and configured to generate the braking torque; a braking mechanism connected to the electric motor to produce an braking effect from the braking torque; and a transmission situated between the braking mechanism and the wheel and configured to amplify the braking effect.
id-US20200353819A1    abstract-A brake force control apparatus allocates all of required brake force to a target front wheel friction brake force when the required brake force is equal to or smaller than a maximum regeneration brake force. The apparatus decreases the target regeneration brake force by a first predetermined amount at a first time point at which a front wheel acceleration varies from a value larger than a first acceleration threshold to a value equal to or smaller than the first acceleration threshold. The apparatus increases the target regeneration brake force in such a manner that the target regeneration brake force coincides with the required brake force, if the front wheel acceleration becomes larger than a second acceleration threshold in a period from the first time point to a second time point at which a predetermined time elapses from the first time point.
id-US20200398801A1    abstract-A device for a hydraulic braking system of a vehicle. The device includes a processing unit, which is programmed to determine at least one brake characteristic value of the hydraulic braking system, the processing unit being programmed to determine the at least one brake characteristic value as a vehicle axle-specific brake characteristic value, which in each case corresponds to a ratio between a brake pressure in all wheel brake cylinders assigned to a shared vehicle axle of the vehicle and a vehicle axle braking torque exerted on the shared vehicle axle with the aid of the wheel brake cylinders. A method for determining at least one brake characteristic value of a hydraulic braking system of a vehicle, and a method for decelerating a vehicle with a hydraulic braking system and an electric motor usable as a generator, are also described.
id-WO2020250124A1    abstract-The present invention relates to a regenerative active hydraulic system for a vehicle (100), said system comprising: - a motor (140) for driving said vehicle (100), - transmission means (130) operationally connected to at least one wheel (105) of said vehicle (100), said transmission means (130) being adapted to transmit mechanical power from said motor (140) to said at least one wheel (105), - an energy accumulator (240) adapted to store and release a pressurized fluid, - a reversible hydraulic machine (250) operationally coupled to said transmission means (130), said reversible hydraulic machine (250) being in communication of said fluid with said energy accumulator (240), said regenerative active hydraulic system being configured in a manner such that, during a braking phase of said vehicle (100), said reversible hydraulic machine (250) retards said at least one wheel (105) of said vehicle (100) by pumping said fluid into said energy accumulator (240), or in a manner such that, during a driving phase of said vehicle (100), said reversible hydraulic machine (250) supplies supplementary power to said at least one wheel (105) of said vehicle (100) by using said pressurized fluid stored in said energy accumulator (240), wherein said regenerative active hydraulic system comprises at least one active hydraulic device (290) adapted to pump said fluid towards said reversible hydraulic machine (250) and said energy accumulator (240).
id-US11332107B2    abstract-The present disclosure relates to a system and method for operating a main brake in case of a failure of an autonomous driving function of an autonomous vehicle. the system for operating the main brake in case of a failure of the autonomous driving function of the autonomous vehicle includes an autonomous driving control unit configured to perform control such that the autonomous vehicle travels in the autonomous driving mode, a main brake control unit configured to perform first communication with the autonomous driving control unit and to output a first control signal so that a frictional braking force is generated to a main brake by hydraulic pressure, and a regenerative braking control unit configured to perform second communication with the main brake control unit and to output a second control signal so that a regenerative braking force is generated to a motor.
id-WO2021020371A1    abstract-The braking control device, for example, is applied to a vehicle in which the regenerative power Fg generated by the regenerative generator GN on the front wheel WHF is generated on the front wheel WHF. The braking control device is equipped with "actuator YU capable of generating front and rear friction damping force FMF and FMR separately for each front wheel WHF and rear wheel WHR of the vehicle" and a controller ECU for controlling actuator YU ". In the braking control device, the controller ECU adjusts the front and rear wheel friction control power FMF and FMR based on the normative regenerative force Fz corresponding to the rotation speed Ns corresponding to the rotation speed Ng of the regenerative generator GN.
id-US20210370901A1    abstract-A brake apparatus using an electric booster may include: an electric booster connected to a master cylinder and configured to pressure a push rod by pressurizing a reaction disk using an electromotive force of a motor with a pedal stepping force of a driver who steps on a brake pedal, and pressurize a piston of the master cylinder through the push rod; and a control unit configured to compare required brake pressure by the pedal stepping force of the driver and current brake pressure by the motor control to set pressure, and perform cooperation control through an ESC (Electronic Stability Control) and cooperation control through the electric booster.
id-US11180125B2    abstract-A vehicle includes an axle, an electric machine, a first wheel, a second wheel, a first friction brake, a second friction brake, and a controller. The controller is programmed to, in response to and during an anti-locking braking event, generate first and second signals indicative of a braking torque demand at the first and second wheels, respectively, based on a difference between a desired wheel slip ratio and an actual wheel slip ratio of the first and second wheels, respectively, adjust a regenerative braking torque of the electric machine based on a product of the first signal and a regenerative braking weighting coefficient, adjust a first friction braking torque based on a product of the first signal and a friction braking weighting coefficient, and adjust a second friction braking torque based on the second signal and dynamics of the first and second output shafts.
id-US11491960B2    abstract-A force-feedback brake pedal system for cooperative braking of an electric or hybrid vehicle having jointly a regenerative braking system and a frictional braking system includes a brake pedal which is pivotally mounted around a shaft or a bearing, an electronic circuitry which is in electrical communication with the regenerative braking system and the frictional braking system of the vehicle, an actuator for providing force feedback in accordance with the regenerative breaking and friction breaking of the vehicle, the actuator is in mechanical communication with the brake pedal. The force-feedback brake pedal system further includes a compliant element arranged between the brake pedal and the actuator, and a position sensor which, during operation, measuring the deflections of the compliant element and transmitting data to the electronic circuitry.
id-US20210070259A1    abstract-A regenerative braking apparatus for a motor vehicle (and concomitant method and retrofit kit) comprising a two-piece rim, a power spring inside the rim, a winding apparatus transferring energy into the power spring, a speed reducer that allows for smooth accumulation of tension in the power spring, and a controlled holding brake system that allows for bypassed, autonomous, or on-demand application of the regenerative braking apparatus.
id-US11505072B2    abstract-A regenerative braking system and method include: a regenerative braking determination unit configured to determine whether or not a vehicle satisfies an entry condition for regenerative braking based on information collected by the vehicle; a calculation unit configured to calculate a hydraulic braking torque according to a pressure of a master cylinder and a target amount of a regenerative braking torque varied according to the pressure of the master cylinder, if the vehicle satisfies the entry condition; and a controller configured to perform braking of the vehicle based on the target amount of the regenerative braking torque and the hydraulic braking torque.
id-WO2021074274A1    abstract-Embodiments of the present invention provide a controller (110) for determining brake torque proportions for a vehicle (200, 500), comprising input means (140) to receive a signal (145) indicative of a braking request and a signal indicative of a torque capacity limit (321, 341, 361) for one or both of electric machine braking (214, 224, 234, 244) and foundation braking (212, 222, 232, 242), processing means (120) configured to determine (320) a first proportion of electric machine braking to foundation braking (212, 222, 232, 242) to fulfil the braking request, wherein the first proportion is determined in dependence on the torque capacity limit (321, 341, 361) for one or both of the electric machine braking (214, 224, 234, 244) and the foundation braking (212, 222, 232, 242), and output means (150) configured to output a signal (155) indicative of the determined first proportion to cause a braking system of the vehicle to fulfil the braking request according to the determined first proportion of electric machine (214, 224, 234, 244) to foundation braking (212, 222, 232, 242).
id-US20210129873A1    abstract-Modifying railcar embodiments convert the dead weight of empty railcars to productive use. Battery embodiments are charged by regenerative brakes, solar panels, and wind turbines. Freight car wheels, have a plurality of regenerative brakes. A plurality of airfoils, with solar panels, are installed on shipping containers, to counteract drag created by a plurality of wind turbines. Railcar embodiments are used in a mix and match fashion, as desired. Storage battery banks, are shipped and/or charged to replace existing hazardous transmission lines. Storage battery banks, are shipped and/or charged to avoid constructing new transmission lines for solar or wind farms. Factory installed EV batteries, EV batteries, and/or other rechargeable batteries, are shipped and/or charged. After battery embodiment charging is complete, power generated is diverted to train engines. Provisions are made for embodiments not connected to train engines. Embodiment operations are monitored with data displays.
