id-US9505309B2    abstract-An electric vehicle control device includes a calculation unit that calculates a regenerative-brake-torque load factor when a braking command is detected. The calculation unit includes a brake-torque load-factor determination unit that determines the regenerative-brake-torque load factor according to vehicle speed information that is a detection value of vehicle speed; and a brake-torque load-factor correction unit that corrects the regenerative-brake-torque load factor determined by the brake-torque load-factor determination unit using element temperature information that is temperature information of a switching element included in an inverter.
id-US10408195B2    abstract-An apparatus for harnessing energy from a wheel travelling on a railroad track includes an elongate body with a plurality of pockets spaced apart along a top surface thereof. Energy collection devices are installed in the pockets, and each includes an actuator extending proud of the top surface. A mounting assembly releasably mounts the body adjacent to the railroad track so that the actuators of the energy collection devices are positioned in a path of the wheel to be actuated thereby. The energy collection devices may be coupled to a low pressure fluid supply reservoir and a high pressure fluid accumulator, and used to pump fluid from the reservoir to the accumulator upon actuation.
id-WO2014207757A1    abstract-A hydraulic regenerative braking system for passenger stock and freight wagons is conceived and described. This invention provides a precisely controlled hydraulic regenerative braking system for a railway vehicle, which utilizes the current pneumatic control system in the locomotive to control the hydraulic energy regenerating system. The pressure from the triple valve of the rolling stocks is controlled by the loco pilot. The operation of pressure control and flow control valves in the control valve block is so that the hydraulic pump in the regenerative system generates the pressure in the hydraulic system thereby reducing the kinetic energy of the train. The torque required to pressurize the system acts as the braking torque. The pressurized fluid is stored in accumulators. This stored energy is used when the train starts and initial torque to be generated by the locomotive is minimized. All the axles are given the feed from the hydraulic pump operated by the pressurized fluid from the accumulators.
id-US9873528B2    abstract-A rotation suppressing device  1  includes: a body  10 ; a shaft  20  extending outward from the body  10  and configured to rotate about a first rotation axis A 1 ; a rotation part  30  configured to rotate about a second rotation axis A 2  together with the shaft  20 ; a capture part  40  fixed to the rotation part  30  and configured to capture space debris D; a braking part  50  configured to suppress rotation of the shaft  20 ; and a body rotation suppressing part  60  configured to suppress rotation of the body  10  occurring when the braking part  50  operates.
