id-US10093288B2    abstract-Disclosed are a multi-wheel aeroplane braking system based on a self-energy-regenerative braking device and a controlling method therefor. The multi-wheel aeroplane braking system based on a self-energy-regenerative braking device can comprise a controller, a self-energy-regenerative braking device assembly, hydraulic pumps, and sets of braking actuators. The controller is connected to the self-energy-regenerative braking device assembly for sending a braking instruction thereto. The hydraulic pumps are respectively connected to the self-energy-regenerative braking device assembly for feeding a high pressure oil thereto under the driving motion of the aeroplane wheels. The self-energy-regenerative braking device assembly is configured to receive at least part of the high-pressure oil fed by the hydraulic pumps and the braking instruction sent by the controller and feeding the high pressure oil to each of the braking actuators according to the braking instruction. The barking actuators are respectively connected to the self-energy-regenerative braking device assembly.
id-US20160031327A1    abstract-Motor vehicle having a hybrid drive which includes at least one wheel which can be driven by an electric machine, wherein a recuperation device is provided which permits recuperation of energy in a recuperation phase during a braking process, wherein a brake system is provided with a pedal, at least one master brake cylinder and at least one wheel brake which fluidically activates the wheel brake on the basis of a movement of the pedal by a brake pressure, wherein a pressure-reducing valve device is provided which reduces the brake pressure in the recuperation phase, and wherein a compensator is provided for compensating a hydraulic effect of the pressure-reducing valve device, wherein in the effective range of the pressure-reducing valve device two master brake cylinders are provided whose pistons are rigidly coupled to one another via a connecting element.
id-US10358320B2    abstract-An elevator brake braking and holding an elevator car in an elevator system includes a first brake lining having a first actuating device and a second brake lining, which brake linings cause braking in interaction with a braking strip or brake disk. A second actuating device is associated with the second brake lining, and the second actuating device moves the second brake lining toward the first brake lining, if necessary, thus clamping and braking the braking strip or the brake disk between the second and first brake linings. The first actuating device moves the first brake lining toward the second brake lining to clamp and brake the braking strip or the brake disk between the first and second brake linings. The first and the second actuating device operate according to different principles of operation.
id-WO2016037837A1    abstract-The invention includes a technique for operating a high-power automobile (1), which requires at least an electric actuator (4) and a liquid crystal propulsion system (13), and the negative force generated by the SLA system (13) is related to the concentration force that may occur. It is planned that the system will monitor the functional failure of the braking system (13) and the electronic machine (4) will operate automatically when the functional failure of the braking system is lessened.
