id-JP2011189826A    abstract-[challenges] to provide braking equipment for vehicles that can effectively recover the thermal energy generated during braking by braking the vehicles properly. The brake device S of the vehicle is integrated with the wheel W to rotate the discropper 11, brake caliper 12 and friction pad 13. A braking unit 10 consisting of 14 and an electric recovery unit 20 are provided. The thermal energy generated by friction of the braking unit 10 is recovered as electrical energy. The power recovery section 20 includes a thermoelectric conversion section 21 set on the discharger 11, a control circuit 21 and a battery 23 set on the body side. Moreover, in the vehicle braking device S, peripheral terminals 21c and 21d are arranged on the friction sliding surface of the discrotor 11 during braking, and friction materials 13a, including conductive materials, are arranged. By contacting 14a, the thermoelectric conversion section 21 on the wheel side and the battery 23 on the body side are electrically connected to provide electrical energy (regenerative power). Selection diagram: figure 2
id-WO2011125231A1    abstract-The vehicle braking device S has a rotor 11 as a rotating body and a brake caliper 12 as a friction joint. In addition, device S includes a latent heat storage material 21, which is accommodated in a storage space 11b formed on the friction sliding part 11a of the disrotator 11. The latent heat storage material 21 changes the phase from the solid phase to the liquid phase due to the frictional heat (thermal energy) generated in the friction sliding part 11a, and stores the frictional heat as the latent heat. At this point, the volume change caused by the phase change of the latent heat storage material 21 is absorbed by the volume absorption mechanism 22. Furthermore, device S includes a thermoelectric conversion part 31 arranged between the friction sliding part 11a of the inverter 11, i.e., the latent heat storage material 21 and the hub part 11c. In thermoelectric conversion section 31, the heating surface 31a is heated by the friction heat stored in the latent heat storage material 21, and the cooling surface 31b is maintained at the temperature of the hub 11c, so as to convert the friction heat into regenerative power (electrical energy).
id-US9352645B2    abstract-The in-wheel motor for installation inside a wheel disk of a wheel includes: a cylindrical coil body; a coil body support member fixed to a shaft; an outer yoke that is disposed on an outer circumferential side of the coil body, and is fixed to a wheel disk; a cylindrical inner yoke that is disposed on an inner circumferential side of the coil body, and is rotatable around the shaft; and a magnet that is fixed on one of an inner circumferential face of the outer yoke and an outer circumferential face of the inner yoke, the magnet disposed to face a circumferential face of the coil body.
id-WO2012044024A3    abstract-The hybrid car of the invention can form a composite plate spring spiral by lightly forming a plate spring and synthesizing the above composite plate spring with an electric zhao car can reduce the production cost while reducing the weight of the expensive battery. Composite plate springs can also be synthesized with fuel engines. Trade routes buses downtown, food collection, garbage collection, our products all over the domestic car delivery Courier, automobile etc are frequent acceleration and braking of swarm of engine and caused environmental problems but a waste of energy saving for truck and car holds an elevated amount lithium ion batteries and it is difficult to apply composite plate spring compared in terms of efficiency drops. Compound plate spring can be used permanently with high efficiency while easy to apply.
