id-US20210229646A1    abstract-A method of controlling braking of a vehicle is provided. When a disconnector is disconnected and an auxiliary drive wheel is separated from a driving system, vehicle braking is performed with regenerative braking by a primary drive wheel motor during braking. Subsequently, the disconnector is connected based on a vehicle stability state, and then, braking is performed simultaneously on the auxiliary drive wheel and a primary drive wheel.
id-WO2021154914A1    abstract-An electrical regeneration and vehicle deceleration control method comprises operating an electrified powertrain in normal or maximum regeneration modes associated with lesser and greater electrical regeneration and vehicle deceleration rates, respectively, receiving an input from a driver of the vehicle indicative of a request to enable the maximum regeneration mode, detecting a status indicative of an availability of the maximum regeneration mode, and in response to receiving the request and based on the status of the maximum regeneration mode and a current vehicle deceleration rate: (i) operating the electrified powertrain in either the maximum regeneration mode or a normal regeneration mode, (ii) selectively outputting a message to the driver indicative of the status of the maximum regeneration mode, and (iii) selectively commanding a hydraulic brake system of the vehicle to generate brake force based on a driver-expected vehicle deceleration rate associated with the operative regeneration mode.
id-US11557988B2    abstract-A multi-disk brake system comprises an electrical generator disposed therein. The electrical generator is configured to convert mechanical energy to electrical energy. The mechanical energy may be generated during a braking event of the multi-disk brake system. The electric generator may power various electrical components on the aircraft or store the electrical energy in a capacitor bank. The electric generator may also act as a motor and/or power a landing gear in a motor configuration.
id-US20230037398A1    abstract-Disclosed is an Integrated Wheel Hub and Multispeed Hydraulic Motor/Pump and Braking Unit, Control Valving System and Drive Clutches for vehicles using an Electro-hydraulic propulsion system, commanded and controlled by the Vehicle Control System.
id-WO2021158432A1    abstract-Embodiments of the present disclosure are directed to dynamically and automatically adjusting a standard regenerative braking intensity. Roadway data, data from one or more sensors of the vehicle and data comprising parameter values for operating states of the vehicle regarding a roadway from a route being navigated by the vehicle are received by a processor of a control system of the vehicle. Standard regenerative braking intensity values based on a vehicle's acceleration is retrieved from memory. Adjusted regenerative braking intensity values are calculated based on at least one of the roadway data, the sensor data and the parameter values of the operating states of the vehicle and the standard regenerative braking intensity values. The adjusted regenerative braking intensity values are transmitted to the control system and an acceleration or deacceleration amount is applied to the vehicle based on the adjusted regenerative braking intensity values.
id-US20210237583A1    abstract-An electric vehicle braking system including a braking controller, a front braking system, and a rear braking system. The front braking system includes a front friction brake and a front regenerative braking system. The rear braking system includes a rear regenerative braking system and excludes a friction brake. The braking controller is configured to detect the front regenerative braking has reached a maximum force, detect additional deceleration is required, and, in response to detecting the front regenerative braking has reached the maximum force and detecting additional deceleration is required, apply the front friction brake.
id-US11524683B2    abstract-Industrial vehicles that include a speed sensor configured to generate a speed sensor signal, a payload sensor configured to generate a payload sensor signal, an inclination sensor configured to generate an inclination sensor signal, a wheel motor connected to a wheel of the industrial vehicle, and a controller. The wheel motor includes an electric retarder device for applying a retardation force to the wheel. The controller is configured to receive the speed sensor signal, receive the payload sensor signal, receive the inclination sensor signal, determine a required retardation force for the industrial vehicle based on the payload sensor signal and the inclination sensor signal, determine an available retardation force for the industrial vehicle based on the speed sensor signal, and generate an output indicating the required retardation force for the industrial vehicle relative to the available retardation force for the industrial vehicle.
id-US20210284124A1    abstract-A method for controlling the longitudinal dynamics of a vehicle, where the vehicle has a friction brake system brakes, a drive system with an electromotive drive acting on at least one wheel, and a battery for supplying power to the electromotive drive determines state information which describes the state of the vehicle and/or the state of the brake system and/or of the drive system. Route information is determined which describes the route profile of the vehicle. An action plan for implementing a future braking request by the friction brakes and/or the electromotive drive on the basis of the state information and the route information is determined. The action plan specifies, for future times and/or areas on the route, whether a braking request of the vehicle is to be implemented by means of the friction brake and/or the drive system and implements a braking request accordingly.
id-EP4144567A1    abstract-A rail-guided vehicle system (1) is a rail-guided vehicle system (1) connecting between floors having a difference in height and including a descending rail (T21) for a travel vehicle (6) to move downward. The descending rail (T21) of the rail-guided vehicle system (1) is arranged in a helical manner and has a rail (4) forming a first section (71) where energy is generated when a brake (53) included in the travel vehicle (6) works and a rail (4) forming a second section (72) where energy that has been generated when a travel vehicle traveled in the first section (71) is consumed.
id-US11305652B2    abstract-A regenerative braking control system for a motor-driven vehicle is configured to provide a continuous assistant braking force by continuous reverse torque of an electric motor by enabling surplus electrical energy produced by an electric motor to be easily converted into thermal energy in generative braking, using both of a brake resistor and a heater to convert electrical energy into thermal energy, and being able to obtain an interior heating effect by using thermal energy converted by the brake resistor and the heater as heat source for interior heating without discharging the thermal energy to the outside.
id-US11524667B2    abstract-A Vehicle Corner Module (VCM) based brake system, which includes a brake actuator, adapted to regulate the rotation rate of the wheel assembled to the VCM, a fluid-based brake power source, fluidly connected to the brake actuator and adapted to provide pressurized brake fluid for operating the brake actuator, and a brake-control-circuit, functionally associated with the brake actuator and with the brake power source, and adapted to provide functional inputs to the brake actuator based on a target rotation rate profile desired for a wheel mounted on the VCM. All mechanical components of the VCM-based brake system are disposed within the VCM. The VCM-based brake system and the vehicle platform are not in fluid communication with each other.
id-US20210380088A1    abstract-An apparatus for braking a vehicle includes wheel brakes configured to generate a braking force on each of wheels, a first actuator for supplying a braking force to the wheel brakes by using a first motor and a first master cylinder, a second actuator for supplying a braking force to the wheel brakes by using a second motor and a second master cylinder, a first electronic control unit (ECU) for controlling the first actuator and determining normal or faulty operation of the first and second actuators, and a second electronic control unit (ECU) for controlling the second actuator and determining the normal or faulty operation of the first and second actuators. When the first ECU and the second ECU are determined to be normal, the first ECU controls to brake some of the wheel brakes, and the second ECU controls to brake a remainder of the wheel brakes.
id-US20220017092A1    abstract-A control device may be configured for responding to failure for ensuring the stability of a vehicle by switching from a two-wheel-drive mode to a four-wheel-drive mode when detecting failure of the brake system in a two-wheel-drive mode.
id-WO2022028522A1    abstract-An electrohydraulic braking system comprises a main housing (25), wherein a hydraulic unit brake master cylinder (17) is provided in the main housing (25), the outer end of the piston rod of the brake master cylinder (17) is connected with an output ejector rod (19), the other end of the output ejector rod (19) is provided with an input rod (23), and the input rod (23) is only connected with the main housing (25) along its own length. The other end of the input rod (23) is provided with a push rod (2) for transferring brake pedal force; The main housing (25) is also provided with a reset member for resetting the push rod (2) in the direction away from the brake master cylinder (17), and a displacement sensor for sensing the displacement of the push rod (2); The input rod (23) and the output ejector rod (19) include the interval state and the contact state. In the interval state, the system braking through the torque of the vehicle's drive motor to generate power; In the contact state, the system uses the torque of the vehicle's drive motor as the main braking force, and outputs the hydraulic braking generated by the ejector rod (19) to push the master cylinder (17) piston rod as the compensation braking force. The electro-hydraulic braking system has achieved the effect of increasing the proportion of electric braking and increasing the energy recovery. An operation method of an electro-hydraulic braking system is also provided.
id-WO2022032231A1    abstract-An electrostatic motor for use with a wheel assembly of a vehicle, having a housing defining an interior volume, a stator including a plurality of stator plates affixed to the housing, each stator plate including a first planar surface and a second planar surface, each stator plate being parallel to the other stator plates, and a rotor including a shaft and a plurality of rotor plates affixed to the shaft, each rotor plate including a first planar surface and a second planar surface, each rotor plate being parallel to the other rotor plates, wherein the rotor plates are both interspersed with and rotatable with respect to the stator plates.
id-JP2022054702A    abstract-[challenges] to make it difficult for a vehicle to continue running in a state that is different from the intended state of the occupant. When the control device is controlling the vehicle in normal mode, when the brake operation amount BKP is greater than zero, it is required to activate the one-pedal mode (step S100: Calculate the target value of the braking force in normal mode, namely the first braking force A1 (step S130), and the target value of the braking force under the assumption that the braking force of the vehicle is controlled in single-pedal mode, namely the second braking force A2. Perform processing (step S140) and processing to make the single-pedal mode effective (step S160) when the first braking force A1 is greater than or equal to the second braking force A2 (step S150: YES). Select diagram: figure 3
id-US20220097707A1    abstract-A method for controlling a vehicle includes monitoring the vehicle speed for a first threshold in conjunction with a driver request for negative torque, after which the method comprises increasing a friction braking ratio. The method further comprises monitoring the speed of the vehicle for a second threshold, wherein the second threshold is lower than the first, after which the method comprises solely using the friction braking for braking holding torque.
id-WO2022079726A1    abstract-The present invention relates to the field of regenerative braking systems. The system (100) includes an epicyclic transmission unit to transfer braking energy through arrangement of sun gear (140) and the planetary gears (145) to a torque storage module (205). The system (100) includes a braking unit that arrests the rotation of planetary gears (145) such that momentum available at the rear wheel hub (110) is transferred to the sun gear (140). Being mounted on same outer casing (135), the sun gear (140) rotates a first pulley (200) that charges a spring (220) of the torque storage module (205). The spring (220) discharges and transfers momentum to the rear wheel hub (110) via the first pulley (200), the sun gear (140), a one-way cam bearing (130), and an extended hub (105) on releasing the brake disc (190).
id-WO2022106004A1    abstract-A method for controlling motion of a heavy-duty vehicle (100a, 100b), comprising obtaining (S1) information related to an upcoming vehicle path (p) and vehicle maneuver (m) along the path, obtaining (S2) information related to a road friction coefficient (μ) along the upcoming vehicle path (p), configuring (S3) lateral and longitudinal wheel slip limits (λ lim ) for at least two wheels of an axle (111, 151, 161, 162) or lumped group-axle (115, 125, 135, 145) on the heavy-duty vehicle (100a, 100b), wherein lateral and longitudinal wheel slip values are related to respective lateral and longitudinal tyre force values (F x , F y ) via a pre-determined combined tyre slip model, determining (S4) a vehicle motion profile (a) for performing the vehicle maneuver (m) along the path (p) as a solution to a non-linear optimal control problem, NOCP, wherein the NOCP is constrained by the lateral and longitudinal wheel slip limits (λ lim ) and formulated to account for the road friction coefficient (μ) and/or curvature along the upcoming vehicle path (p), and controlling (S5) the motion of the heavy-duty vehicle (100a, 100b) along the path (p) based on the determined target vehicle motion profile (a).
