id-WO2021190258A1    abstract-The invention relates to a rapid cooling system and method for a high temperature gas cooled reactor nuclear power plant after primary thermal test. The reactor pressure vessel (1), steam generator (2), helium-water cooler (4), gas-water separator (5), helium compressor (6), auxiliary steam pipe (8), first valve group (9), second valve group (10), high pressure heater (12), feed water pump (11), fifth valve group (13), steam water separator (14), condenser (18) ), the fourth valve group (16), the third valve group (15) and the waste liquid tank (17), the system and method can overcome the problem of uncontrollable hot test rate in the natural cooling process, shorten the cooling time, and the secondary side of the steam generator (2) can participate in the hot test to verify the reliability of the second loop system in advance. At the same time, the thermal test process can be used to purge the secondary pipeline of steam generator (2), so that the water quality of the secondary loop is qualified.
id-US20210356179A1    abstract-The invention is about a waste heat re-cycle cooling system, has a Peltier device, a waste heat recycling circuit, and a processor. The Peltier device has a cold side close to room and a hot side, the cold side is connected to a cooling pipe, and a fan arranged on one side of the cooling pipe is configured to blow air over the cooling pipe to cool down air and then blow the cooling air into room. The processor is configured to control the Peltier device and the waste heat recycling circuit. The invention can effectively utilize the waste heat generated by cooling and improve the cooling efficiency.

id-EP4155644A1    abstract-A fluid container that can prevent a container from being in contact with a heat source fluid and stably hold the heat source fluid, even if corrosive, in the container to perform heat recovery and the like. A first fluid and a second fluid are both allowed to flow into and out of a container body 10. The second fluid is supplied into the container body by a second fluid supply unit 30 to form a layer of the second fluid flowing down along an inner surface of the container body 10, causing the second fluid to be interposed between the first fluid and the inner surface of the container body. This eliminates deterioration of the container body due to corrosion of the container body by the fact that the first fluid has contact with the inner surface of the container body, as well as scale precipitation from the first fluid.

id-US20220090252A1    abstract-Method of fabricating structures, such as parts for use in nuclear power generation systems, are described herein. A representative method of fabricating a part for a nuclear reactor system includes additively manufacturing the part as a monolithic structure from a wire formed of an oxide dispersion strengthen (ODS) material, which includes an oxide material dispersed within a metal material. Specifically, the method can include directing a beam of thermal energy toward the wire to melt the wire, and permitting the melted wire to cool and solidify to form the part such that the oxide material remains substantially dispersed within the metal material. By maintaining the dispersion of the oxide material within the metal material, the ODS material can retain a good creep resistance, wear-resistance, corrosion resistance, and/or other ODS material property at elevated temperatures—even after fabrication.

