id-US20160356553A1    abstract-A method and a device for discharging a thermal stratification storage tank are provided, wherein a first thermal stratification storage tank has a first temperature in a first subsection and a second temperature in a second subsection, when the working fluid of an organic Rankine cycle in the liquid aggregate state in a fluid heat transfer medium of the first thermal stratification storage tank is introduced into the first or second subsection and brought into direct material contact with the heat transfer medium, wherein at the second temperature in the second subsection the pressure in the first thermal stratification storage tank is less than or equal to the vapor pressure of the working fluid.

id-US20150219362A1    abstract-A steam generator having a channel for circulating heated fluid through a heat exchanger and having a channel for supplying water through the heat exchanger. The steam side of the heat exchanger is maintained at a pressure lower than the outside atmosphere and is heated by the heating fluid to a temperature more than the boiling point of the water at the lowered pressure. The water being introduced to the heat exchanger is heated to a boil. The steam produced is less than the boiling point of water in the atmosphere. A vacuum pump draws the steam from the heat exchanger and ejects the steam through a steam hose into atmospheric pressure. This rise in pressure is accompanied by a rise in temperature of the steam above the boiling point of water at atmospheric pressure.

id-US9901027B1    abstract-An anhydrous ammonia vapor charge unit for an applicator tank maintains a pressure charge on an applicator tank. A secondary anhydrous ammonia tank is disposed adjacent to the applicator tank. Ammonia vapor from the secondary tank is passed through a vapor compressor and then is injected into the applicator tank to provide a greater pressure charge within the applicator tank. In a second embodiment, a small portion of a liquid flow stream of ammonia being removed from the applicator tank is separated from the flow stream, passed through a heat vaporizer for expanding from a liquid to a gas, passed through a vapor pressure, and then is injected into the applicator tank for maintaining the pressure charge on the applicator tank. Preferably the heat vaporizer used hydraulic fluid from a tractor to heat the anhydrous ammonia.

id-EP2957734A1    abstract-An evaporator which heats working fluid with high-temperature fluid to evaporate the working fluid includes: a working fluid channel which is arranged in a flow direction of the high temperature fluid and through which the working fluid flows; and a temperature sensor which is provided for the working fluid channel. A part of the working fluid channel is exposed to outside of a housing of the evaporator, and the temperature sensor is provided in the part of the working fluid channel exposed to the outside of the housing of the evaporator in a region other than an inlet of the working fluid channel into which the working fluid flows from the outside of the evaporator and other than an outlet of the working fluid channel through which the working fluid flows out of the evaporator. The output value of the temperature sensor is used to adjust the temperature of the working fluid in the evaporator.

id-EP2979803B1    abstract-

id-JP6394699B2    abstract-

id-EP2979802B1    abstract-

id-WO2016027872A1    abstract-By reducing the range of use of molten salt, measures against solidification of molten salt will be reduced, and a highly efficient solar heat collection system will be provided. The molten salt is preheated by the molten salt preheater 22 and the preheated molten salt is heated by the molten salt collector 1 by exchanging heat between the synthetic oil heated by the oil collector 21 and the molten salt before being heated by the molten salt collector 1. So, that is, because the oil heated by solar heat is used to heat the molten salt, the thermal energy collected by the molten salt collector 1 can be reduced. Therefore, it is possible to reduce the measures against solidification of molten salt, and it is not necessary to supply the oil heated by the oil heating part to the steam generation part (heated part), so there is no need for a heat storage tank for the synthetic oil. In addition, it can reduce heat loss during non-daylight hours such as at night and during rest periods.
