id-WO2014153427A2    abstract-H 2 O heating methods, devices, and systems are disclosed, wherein the method of heating H 2 O includes immersing the combustion of H 2  with O 2  in flowing H 2 O such that H 2 O from the combustion diffuses into the flowing H 2 O, and thus supplements and heats the flowing H 2 O. Extended systems are also disclosed that source heated H 2 O for use, inter alia, in electric power generation driven by turbines or pistons, mobile vehicle locomotion driven by turbines or pistons, environmental heating, environmental cleaning, cooking of materials, recycling of materials, cutting of materials, and drilling of materials. In addition, portable implementations of the method are disclosed.

id-US20140283761A1    abstract-H 2 O heating methods, devices, and systems are disclosed, wherein the method of heating H 2 O includes immersing the combustion of H 2  with O 2  in flowing H 2 O such that H 2 O from the combustion diffuses into the flowing H 2 O, and thus supplements and heats the flowing H 2 O. Extended systems are also disclosed that source heated H 2 O for use, inter alia, in electric power generation driven by turbines or pistons, mobile vehicle locomotion driven by turbines or pistons, environmental heating, environmental cleaning, cooking of materials, recycling of materials, cutting of materials, and drilling of materials. In addition, portable implementations of the method are disclosed.

id-US9933154B2    abstract-The present disclosure relates to a system for producing high pressure steam from low quality feedwater for a designated process. The system includes a first closed loop in fluid communication with a boiler and a heat exchanger assembly. A first fluid flows through the first closed loop, and is of acceptable quality for use in a boiler. Heat from the boiler is transferred to a second loop through the heat exchanger assembly. The second loop includes the low quality feedwater, which is converted to high pressure steam. The high pressure steam produced from the low quality water can be used in the designated process. This reduces corrosion/downtime in the boiler that might otherwise occur if the low quality water was directly heated by the boiler.

id-US20220057081A1    abstract-A heat exchanger which is used primarily in oil and gas operations to heat tanks of liquids, such as drilling mud, water, heavy oil or other such fluids from freezing or becoming too viscous to pump.

id-US9452401B2    abstract-A commercially viable modular ceramic oxygen transport membrane reforming reactor for producing a synthesis gas that improves the thermal coupling of reactively-driven oxygen transport membrane tubes and catalyst reforming tubes required to efficiently and effectively produce synthesis gas.

id-US9200622B2    abstract-A solar-nuclear hybrid plant includes a nuclear energy loop, a solar energy loop, and an electrical generation loop. The three loops are closed loops. The nuclear energy loop transfers energy to the electrical generation loop through a steam generator. The solar energy loop transfers energy to either the nuclear energy loop and/or the electrical generation loop through one or more heat exchangers in the appropriate loop. This cogeneration plant has higher efficiency compared to a nuclear power plant alone.

id-WO2015064347A1    abstract-The invention relates to a vapor-liquid separator and a vapor-liquid heat pump, in which the vapor-liquid separator (10) connects the upper and lower parts of the vapor-liquid separator (16) and the evaporator (20) through the upper pipe (22) and the lower pipe (24), respectively. The water in (16) is supplied to the evaporator 20 through the lower pipe 24, the evaporator 20 is evaporated through the heat exchange with the circulating refrigerant, and the steam generated in the evaporator 20 is supplied to the gas-liquid separator (16) through the upper pipe 22. A thermosiphon circuit is formed to supply the vapor to the vapor separator (16) and to supply the vapor to the vapor separator (16). Position relationship in the height direction of the gas-liquid separator (16) and is specified.
id-US20150114315A1    abstract-A method for releasing an anhydrous gas in a gas phase at a target rate includes the step of obtaining a vessel at least partially filled with the anhydrous gas. The anhydrous gas is at least partially in a liquid phase and the vessel has an outlet for releasing the anhydrous gas in the gas phase. The method further includes releasing at least a portion of the anhydrous gas from the vessel through the outlet in the gas phase; applying a heat transfer fluid having a temperature of 32° F. to 150° F. to an exterior surface of the vessel during the releasing step, such that the anhydrous gas in the liquid phase is evaporated and the anhydrous gas in the gas phase is released at the target rate; and measuring starting and end weights of the vessel to monitor the releasing of the anhydrous gas in the gas phase.

