id-WO2017219656A1    abstract-The utility model relates to a combined cycle system of steam turbines in a gas turbine pressurized water reactor. The combined cycle system is composed of a heavy gas turbine and a pressurized water reactor steam turbine. The main steam temperature of the second circuit is raised from 272.8℃ by the heat from the gas turbine tail gas. The main steam temperature of the second circuit runs between 272.8℃ and 630℃. The thermal efficiency of combined cycle system of gas turbine pressurized water reactor is higher than that of steam turbine of prior art pressurized water reactor. The thermal efficiency of the combined cycle system of gas turbine pressurized water reactor is significantly higher than that of the combined cycle of gas and steam.
id-US10357726B2    abstract-A system of generating steam from an emulsion stream produced from a reservoir via thermal recovery has a heat exchanger for adjusting the emulsion to a first temperature; at least one separation device for separating water from the emulsion at the first temperature to obtain produced water; an optional produced water preheater, and a high pressure evaporator for receiving the produced water and generating steam using the produced water. The evaporator has a vapor drum; a heating element receiving the water stream, and in fluid communication with the vapor drum via a pressure letdown device; a heating source for imparting sensible heat to the water stream for generating steam. The evaporator also includes a recirculation pump for circulation of blowdown concentrate, and a bubble generator for generating bubbles and injecting generated bubbles into the heating element to enable self-removal of scales and other solid deposits in the evaporator.

id-US10859257B2    abstract-Waste heat is extracted in two stages from the exhaust (20) of a biomass dryer (14) in a grain alcohol plant (10). A boiler circuit (56) provides a first steam at high pressure. A first energy recovery circuit (36) extracts heat from the exhaust via a non-contact heat exchanger (24) and provides a second, relatively lower pressure steam (78), thereby bypassing a portion of the boiler circuit. Working fluids in the boiler and first energy recovery circuits are maintained within boiler water quality specifications and are intermixed to allow the production of the second steam without a pressure reduction device. A second energy recovery circuit (44) extracts heat from the exhaust downstream of the first energy recovery circuit using a direct contact heat exchanger (38) and provides a non-boiler quality heated fluid (52), which may be a heated liquid or a third steam.

id-US10792582B2    abstract-A system of generating steam from an emulsion stream produced from a reservoir via thermal recovery has a heat exchanger for adjusting the emulsion to a first temperature; at least one separation device for separating water from the emulsion at the first temperature to obtain produced water; an optional produced-water preheater, and a high-pressure evaporator for receiving the produced water and generating steam using the produced water. The evaporator has a vapor drum; a heating element receiving the water stream, and in fluid communication with the vapor drum via a pressure letdown device; a heating source for imparting sensible heat to the water stream for generating steam. The evaporator also includes a recirculation pump for circulation of blowdown concentrate, and a bubble generator for generating bubbles and injecting generated bubbles into the heating element to enable self-removal of scales and other solid deposits in the evaporator.

id-EP3451204A4    abstract-

id-US10094552B2    abstract-A multistage boiler heat exchange apparatus has a combustion furnace and at least one boiler set. The combustion furnace is used to produce a heat source and has a furnace base and a hot-air passage. The at least one boiler set is connected to the combustion furnace, and each has a preheater and a boiler. The preheater is deposited adjacent to the combustion furnace, and is connected to and communicates with the hot-air passage to adjust temperature of the heat source that enters the preheater. The boiler is an uprightly-deposited cylinder, is connected to the preheater, and has a conducting pipe and an exchange tube. The conducting pipe is deposited on and communicates with the boiler to enable the heat source to enter the boiler. The exchange tube is deposited in the boiler and has an exchange medium to exchange heat with the heat source in the boiler.

