id-EP2196722B1    abstract-
id-US8893515B2    abstract-A LNG storage and regasification plant includes a reliquefaction unit in which boil-off vapors from the storage tanks are re liquefied and recycled back to the LNG storage tanks for tank pressure and Wobbe index control. Preferably, LNG cold is used for reliquefaction and operational flexibility is achieved by feeding a portion of the pressurized boil-off gas to a fuel gas header and/or to be recondensed by the sendout LNG.
id-US20090259081A1    abstract-Disclosed is a system for reducing a heating value of natural gas. The system includes a heat exchanger to liquefy a portion of components having high heating values, a gas-liquid separator to separate the liquefied component, and a nitrogen adding mechanism to add nitrogen to remaining non-liquefied components. The system includes an additional heat exchanger to cool and liquefy the remaining non-liquefied components after the gas-liquid separator separates the liquefied component from the natural gas. The heat exchangers employ cold heat generated upon regasification of LNG. The system can reduce the heating value of natural gas composed of a variety of hydrocarbon components according to requirements of a place of demand by separating the component with the higher heating value from the natural gas to allow the separated component to be used as fuel, thereby reducing an overall size and operating costs of the system.
id-WO2009143261A1    abstract-A method for re-gasification of LNG having steps of providing a cryogenic articulated barge with a cargo of LNG1 delivering the barge to an end point customer where the LNG is needed, re-gasifying the LNG on board the cryogenic articulated barge or on the customer premises, transferring the re-gasified natural gas to an acceptance point of the end point customer.
id-CA2741513C    abstract-Power (216, 226) is generated in a Rankin cycle vaporization of liquid natural gas (102) in which a recirculating working fluid (202 - 228) comprising 2-11 mol% nitrogen is at least partially condensed providing heat exchange duty (106) to vaporize the natural gas and is recycled without change in its molar composition during heat exchange with the natural gas. Preferably the working fluid is fully condensed while providing the heat exchange duty.
id-WO2010053483A1    abstract-A process and apparatus is presented for the desalination of water by freezing seawater. The process is integrated into a liquefied natural gas regasification system.
