id-ES2608344B1    abstract-La presente invención denominada "Planta térmica con regasificación de GNL y captura de CO{sub,2}", permite el aprovechamiento de la energía de refrigeración que se genera en la regasificación del GNL, al mismo tiempo, que captura el CO{sub,2} procedente de los gases de combustión y está compuesta por:#- Un sistema de regasificación del GNL mediante un ciclo Brayton cerrado y expansión directa del GN en una turbina.#- Un ciclo Brayton cerrado que opera a altas temperaturas y tiene como sumidero de calor el proceso de regasificación del GNL.#- Un sistema de oxicombustión que integra un ciclo Rankine que opera con CO{sub,2} en condiciones de condensación próximas a la crítica, y permite la captura de CO{sub,2} que se genera en la oxicombustión, obteniendo de este modo, una planta térmica de alta eficiencia y nulas emisiones contaminantes.
id-ES2580879B2    abstract-La presente invención denominada "planta termoeléctrica alimentada con calor ambiental y enfriada mediante regasificación del GNL", es el aprovechamiento del proceso de regasificación del GNL para ser utilizado como foco frío de una planta termoeléctrica. Está constituida por dos ciclos Rankine y un turbogenerador de expansión directa de GN, conectados en cascada con respecto la fuente fría formada por el proceso de regasificación del GNL. Esta planta es alimentada con calor procedente tanto de la industria como del entorno ambiental basado en agua de mar, ríos, lagos o aire del ambiente. Los ciclos Rankine operan con argón y metano respectivamente, mientras que la turbina de expansión directa de GN opera con el gas natural (GN) regasificado y destinado al consumo.
id-CN107429879B    abstract-一种冷热回收用气体气化器，具备壳、中间介质蒸发部、低温液化气体蒸发部、冷媒冷却部，前述壳能够装入中间介质，前述中间介质蒸发部使液相的中间介质和热源介质热交换，由此使该中间介质的至少一部分蒸发，前述低温液化气体蒸发部使在中间介质蒸发部蒸发的中间介质和低温液化气体热交换，由此使低温液化气体气化，前述冷媒冷却部被配置于壳内，使中间介质和冷媒热交换，由此冷却该冷媒。
id-CN107820534A    abstract-一种低温储能系统，所述低温储能系统包括：液化装置，所述液化装置用于使气体液化以形成致冷剂，其中所述液化装置能够控制用以从外部电源汲取功率以使所述气体液化；低温储罐，所述低温储罐与所述液化装置流体连通，以用于储存由所述液化装置产生的致冷剂；功率回收装置，所述功率回收装置与所述低温储罐流体连通，以用于通过加热所述致冷剂以形成气体并且使所述气体膨胀来从来自所述低温储罐的致冷剂回收功率；热储热器，所述热储热器用于储存热的热能，其中所述热储热器和所述功率回收装置被布置为使得来自所述热储热器的热的热能能够在所述功率回收装置中膨胀之前和/或期间被传递到所述气体；以及充能装置，所述充能装置能够控制用以在由所述液化装置汲取的所述功率低于阈值时从所述外部电源汲取功率，并且给所述低温储能系统供应热能。
id-US20160333747A1    abstract-A system for using recovered energy to increase the source to sink temperature differential for heating and cooling the working fluid of a prime mover, and in particular to a heat of compression braking source and liquefied or solidified air sink.
id-US20210207774A1    abstract-A cryogenic energy storage system comprises at least one cryogenic fluid storage tank having an output; a primary conduit through which a stream of cryogenic fluid may flow from the output of the fluid storage tank to an exhaust; a pump within the primary conduit downstream of the output of the tank for pressurising the cryogenic fluid stream; evaporative means within the primary conduit downstream of the pump for vaporising the pressurised cryogenic fluid stream; at least one expansion stage within the primary conduit downstream of the evaporative means for expanding the vaporised cryogenic fluid stream and for extracting work therefrom; a secondary conduit configured to divert at least a portion of the cryogenic fluid stream from the primary conduit and reintroduce it to the fluid storage tank; and pressure control means within the secondary conduit for controlling the flow of the diverted cryogenic fluid stream and thereby controlling the pressure within the tank. The secondary conduit is coupled to the primary conduit downstream of one or more of the at least one expansion stages.
id-ES2599357B2    abstract-La presente invención denominada "planta termoeléctrica de tres ciclos Rankine y una turbina de expansión directa cuyo foco frio procede de la sificación de gas natural licuado", es el aprovechamiento del proceso de regasificación del GNL para ser utilizado como foco frio de una planta termoeléctrica. Está constituida por tres ciclos Rankine y una turbina de expansión directa de GN, conectados a un generador eléctrico par medio de un eje. Esta planta es alimentada con calor procedente tanto de la industria como del entorno ambiental basado en agua de mar, ríos, lagos o aire del ambiente. Los ciclos Rankine operan con argón, metano y metano (o R14) respectivamente, mientras que la turbina de expansión directa de GN opera con el gas natural (GN) regasificado y destinado al consumo.
id-US20180363852A1    abstract-Provided are a thermoelectric power generation module, a thermoelectric power generation apparatus including the same, an anti-icing vaporization device including the same, and an apparatus for a vaporized fuel gas liquefaction process including the same. The thermoelectric power generation module includes: a pipe through which a fluid flows; and a thermoelectric power generator configured to surround the pipe and to produce power due to a temperature difference between the fluid and outside air.
id-US20170059091A1    abstract-Disclosed are processes in which the pressure of a dense phase fluid stream containing hydrocarbons is reduced to produce a two-phase fluid stream, and energy is recovered. The process includes passing the dense phase fluid stream at a pressure greater than the cricondenbar pressure of the dense phase fluid stream through an expander where the dense phase fluid stream is expanded isentropically such that a two phase fluid stream having a pressure lower than the pressure of the dense phase fluid stream leaves the expander. The expander is coupled to a rotating mechanical power user, such that the expander drives the rotating mechanical power user. The process further includes passing the two phase fluid stream leaving the expander to a separator such that the two phase fluid stream is separated into a vapor phase stream and a liquid phase stream. The composition or quantity of liquid formed can be adjusted to control the dew point of the gas produced from the dense-phase fluid.
id-KR101821036B1    abstract-압력 완화가 차단 밸브 및 블리드 밸브들을 통해 제공되는 수소 분배 작동 방법에 관한 것이다.  수소가 분배 도중에 냉각되는 분배 스테이션으로부터 수소를 분배한 이후에, 포획된 수소는 이송 라인들 내에 남아 있다.  차량들에 연료를 다시 채우는 사이의 휴지 시간 도중에, 포획된 수소의 온도는, 포획된 수소의 압력 증가를 초래하도록 증가한다.  차단 밸브 및 블리드 밸브들은 이송 라인에서 압력을 완화시키도록 작동한다.
id-WO2017059299A1    abstract-Liquid cryogen from a tank having a head space pressure P1 is vaporized with a pressure building vaporizer to gaseous cryogen and the pressure of the gaseous cryogen is built to a pressure P2. The pressurized gaseous cryogen at pressure P2 is expanded across an expander to decrease its pressure and fed to a point of use at an installation including the vaporizer at a pressure P3. P2 ? 2 X P3. Energy from the expanded gas may be recovered in the form of mechanical energy, electrical energy.
id-US10655784B2    abstract-A gas supply device includes a storage container that accumulates liquefied gas, a vaporizer for vaporizing liquefied gas derived from the storage container, a compression device that compresses gas vaporized from the liquefied gas in the vaporizer, a pressure accumulator that accumulates gas compressed in the compression device, and a supply path linked to a dispenser from the pressure accumulator.
id-KR101784842B1    abstract-연료가스 공급시스템이 개시된다. 본 발명의 실시 예에 의한 연료가스 공급시스템은 액화가스 및 액화가스의 증발가스를 수용하는 저장탱크, 액화가스를 냉각시키는 액화가스 냉각부를 구비하는 액화가스 냉각라인 및 냉매를 가압하는 컴프레서 및 컴프레서를 통과한 냉매를 냉각하는 쿨러를 구비하는 압축기와, 압축기에 의해 가압된 냉매를 감압시키는 팽창기 및 팽창기에 의해 감압된 냉매를 액화가스 냉각부에통과시켜 액화가스와 열교환하는 냉매라인을 포함하여 제공될 수 있다.
id-US10775080B2    abstract-A skid for capturing refrigeration from liquefied natural gas vaporization is disclosed comprising a first heat exchanger mounted on the skid, the first heat exchanger having a natural gas inlet, a natural gas outlet, a process fluid inlet, and a process fluid outlet. The process fluid is configured to flow from the process fluid inlet through the first heat exchanger to the process fluid outlet and then to the process fluid inlet. Other embodiments of the system for capturing refrigeration from vaporization of liquid natural gas, and methods for its use, are described herein.
