id-US11624299B2    abstract-Embodiments of the present disclosure can include a system for generating steam. The system can include a direct steam generator configured to generate saturated steam and combustion exhaust constituents. A close coupled heat exchanger can be fluidly coupled to the direct steam generator, the close coupled heat exchanger can be configured to route the saturated or superheated steam and combustion exhaust constituents through an exhaust constituent removal system. The system can include an energy recovery system that reclaims the energy from the exhaust constituents.
id-US11015801B2    abstract-A modification of a power boiler is disclosed, which comprises water walls enclosing the furnace for heating water and producing steam; a superheater system provided above the furnace for superheating steam; an additional superheater mounted in the furnace for further superheating steam from the superheater system. A modifying method of a power boiler is also disclosed, which comprises steps of mounting an additional superheater on water walls in a furnace; connecting an output of a superheater system to an inlet of the additional superheater; and connecting an outlet of the additional superheater to a turbine for producing power at an improved plant heat rate.
id-WO2018226509A1    abstract-Provided is a superheated steam boiler. The superheated steam boiler, in this embodiment, includes an inner tank system, the inner tank system including a first wet tank and a second dry tank separated from one another by an isolation member, an outer sleeve at least partially surrounding the inner tank system, wherein one or more wet tank fluid openings proximate a lower surface of the first wet tank allow the first wet tank to be in fluid communication with the outer sleeve, and further wherein one or more dry tank steam openings in the second dry tank allow the second dry tank to be in steam communication with the outer sleeve, and a burner system located primarily within the inner tank system. The burner system, in this embodiment, includes a combustion/expansion chamber having one or more spherical surfaces located in and fluidly isolated from the first wet tank, a distribution chamber located in and fluidly isolated from the second dry tank, a plurality of heat tubes extending through the isolation member between the combustion/expansion chamber and the distribution chamber; and an exhaust tube extending from the distribution chamber and out of the inner tank system to exit the superheated steam boiler.
id-WO2019056184A1    abstract-The utility model relates to A superheater system of a waste incination boiler. A water-cooled partition screen (1.6) is arranged in a furnace (1.5), and the furnace (1.5) is divided into two parts along the transverse direction: the front furnace (1.5A) and the back furnace (1.5B). The flue gas generated in the drying section (1.21) and pyrolysis section (1.22) of the incinerator is restricted to flow in the front furnace (1.5A), while the high-temperature post-flue gas generated in the combustion section (1.23) and burnout section (1.24) is restricted to flow in the back furnace (1.5B), and the three-stage superheater (3.2) is set in the back furnace (1.5B) in advance. The heating temperature of the three-stage superheater (3.2) is further increased, and the front two-stage superheater (3.3) is also set in the horizontal flue (2.2), and the front two-stage superheater (3.3A) is set in front of the secondary superheater (3.3), so as to comprehensively improve the efficiency of the boiler under the condition that the high temperature heating surface of the boiler is not subjected to serious corrosion.
