id-WO2015101360A1    abstract-The invention provides a device and a method for accelerating the gas production rate of biomass pyrolysis and obtaining nanoscale silica materials. The device comprises a screw feeding device, a pretreatment agitator, a pyrolysis device, a combustion device, a steam generator and a calcining device. The biomass raw materials are sent to the pretreatment agitator through the screw feeding device. The stirred biomass raw materials are mixed with the superheated water vapor generated by the steam generator and enter the pyrolysis device. The combustible gas precipitated by the pyrolysis device enters the combustion device and burns. The ash discharged from the ash hole at the lower part of the pyrolysis unit enters the calcining unit for calcining. The invention uses superheated water vapor to heat and dry biomass raw materials, and the drying speed is higher than that of the method of drying biomass raw materials with hot air at the same temperature, so that the system's pyrolysis gas precipitation speed and gas production caloric value are greatly improved than that of the conventional system.
id-WO2015116259A1    abstract-A steam generator includes a furnace configured and adapted to generate steam from heat transfer from furnace exit gases from the combustion of municipal solid waste fuel, where tempering air (200) is used for at least two purposes. First, to prevent or minimize corrosion of heat transfer surfaces, specifically a plurality of platens and at least one superheater (108) disposed within an upper portion of the furnace or backpass and second to push and exert a force on the hot flue gas to change the flow pattern and improve superheater metal temperatures.
id-US20150253003A1    abstract-A boiler system is provided comprising: a furnace adapted to receive a fuel to be burned to generate hot working gases; a fuel supply structure associated with the furnace for supplying fuel to the furnace; a superheater section associated with the furnace and positioned to receive energy in the form of heat from the hot working gases; and a controller. The superheater section may comprise a platen including a tube structure with an end portion and a temperature sensor for measuring the temperature of the tube structure end portion and generating a signal indicative of the temperature of the tube structure end portion. The controller may be coupled to the temperature sensor for receiving and monitoring the signal from the sensor.
