id-JP2017166803A    abstract-[challenges] the conventional superheated steam generation equipment consists of a two-stage system, so the structural cost for generating superheated steam from liquid phase water is high. The invention relates to a method for generating superheated steam from a working medium. As the working medium, water or water supply can be used. In the method of the invention, the working medium is supplied in liquid phase to a specific heating tube. Certain heating tubes may be configured as coils or steam coils. In addition, certain heating tubes are temperature controlled. In this case, if the temperature of a particular heating tube is adjusted with a specified amount of thermal energy, superheated steam is generated from the working medium supplied in the liquid phase in a particular heating tube or in a particular heating tube, and the superheated steam is then derived from the specific heating tube. In the method of the invention, a change from the working medium of the liquid phase to the vapor phase and even to the superheated steam may be generated in a specific heating tube. Selection diagram: figure 2
id-JP2017150807A    abstract-[challenges] a system and method for preheating a heat recovery steam generator are provided. System 10 includes tank 14 and heat exchanger 16. Tank 14 includes transmission medium 22. The heat exchanger 16 is arranged in the path of flue gas 18 generated by the combustion chamber 20, and is connected to tank 14 so that the transmission medium 22 flows through the heat exchanger 16 and is heated by flue gas 18. Transmission medium 22 preheets one or more components 14, 24, 26 of heat recovery steam generator 12. Selection diagram: figure 1
id-US10989077B2    abstract-A Waste-to-Energy plant comprising: an incineration chamber in which waste is combusted generating flue gas; an economizer heating feedwater using heat from the flue gas; an evaporator producing steam from the heated feedwater using heat from the flue gas; a steam drum receiving heated feedwater from the economizer and supplying heated feedwater, the steam drum receiving steam from the evaporator and supplying steam; and a superheater receiving and heating steam from the steam drum to a superheated steam using heat from the flue gas; the incineration chamber comprising a first PCM-wall and a second PCM-wall each comprising a plurality of pipes and a layer of PCM provided between the pipes and the incineration chamber, the pipes in the first PCM-wall receiving heated feedwater from the steam drum and producing additional steam therein and the pipes of the second PCM-wall additionally heating steam therein using radiant heat from the incineration chamber.
